Mr. President, I will claim such part of my hour as I might consume.  It was less than a month ago, I recall, I stood on the floor of the Senate to defend the Bill of Rights against the proposed flag amendment to our Constitution. The Senate voted March 29 to preserve the Constitution and refused to limit the first amendment and the Bill of Rights by means of that proposed amendment. Apparently, preserving the Constitution in March does not mean the Constitution is safe in April. So here I am again as we begin to debate yet another proposed amendment to the Constitution. Yet, again, I am here to speak out in favor of the integrity of our national charter.  I support crime victims' assistance and rights, but I do not support this proposed amendment to the Constitution. Just as opposition to a flag desecration amendment does not mean a Senator is in favor of flag burning, opposition to a victims' rights amendment does not mean that a Senator opposes justice for victims of crime. In fact, during the course of this debate, we will have a statutory alternative to the proposed constitutional amendment that would serve to advance crime victims' rights.  I have been in the Senate for 25 years. I think it is safe to say that I have been a very strong advocate for victims' rights during that time. My initial involvement with victims' rights began more than three decades ago when I served as State's attorney for Chittenden County, Vermont. According to our population and underour procedures at that time, by virtue of the office, at the age of 26, I became the chief law enforcement officer for the County. I saw firsthand the devastation of crime. I have worked ever since to ensure that the criminal justice system is one that respects the rights and the dignity of victims of crime and domestic violence, rather than one that presents additional ordeals for those already victimized.  I will continue to work for victims of crime and domestic violence in the course of this debate. I support crime victims and their rights, but I oppose this constitutional amendment. As a prosecutor, I was able to make sure victims were heard, that sentencing decisions were made with the rights of victims in mind, that plea bargains were not entered into without the rights of victims in mind. They were all heard. I also knew we could do that individually, or by State statute, or by State constitution. But we didn't have to amend the United States Constitution.  The proposed amendment, S.J. Res. 3, goes on for over 60 lines. I believe the most important part of our national charter, the Constitution, is the first amendment. This magnificent part of our document, in just five or six lines, says that we have the right of free speech, we have freedom of religion--that is, to practice any religion we want, or none if we want--we have the right to petition our Government, and we have the right of assembly. These rights, enunciated in just five or six lines in the Constitution, preserve the diversity--actually, they almost demand diversity in our country, and they protect diversity in our country. If you have diversity, especially diversity that is protected, you have democracy. Those five or six lines are the bedrock of our democracy and our freedom.  Contrast this with S.J. Res. 3. As I said earlier, I don't doubt the sincerity of my two friends, the chief sponsors of this; they are my friends and they are two people I respect. But this is over 60 lines. It is like a complicated statute, which will be made more complicated as the courts get a hold of it, as prosecutors have to figure out what is going on, and as defense attorneys look for loopholes. No place in it does it mention what we have always built our criminal justice system on--the protection of the rights of the accused.  James Madison, the great framer of the Constitution, instructed that a constitutional amendment should be limited to ``certain great and extraordinary occasions.'' Well, we have one thing that is great and extraordinary and that is our country and our democracy. It has made us the most powerful and influential nation on Earth today. But these are not great and extraordinary occasions that demand the amending of the United States Constitution.  I find it distressing that we so ignore James Madison's instructions and advice and that there are almost 60 proposed constitutional amendments pending before this Congress alone, including an amendment to make it easier to adopt other amendments in the future. Now, if we are going to do this, let's do it on everything. Let's have an amendment on gun control. Let's have an amendment on abortion. Let's have an amendment on reapplying from where Senators can serve. Let's do a number of other things. Some of the amendments that have been proposed look as if they were before a local board of select people. We should not be so eager to amend our Constitution. Look at Article V of the Constitution and read the first part of the first sentence. It says:       The Congress, whenever two-thirds of both Houses shall deem      it necessary. . . .  Does anyone think the American people would ``deem this necessary''?  At one time, after the President at the time sent up unbalanced budget after unbalanced budget, Congress said the only way to stop us from spending was to have a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. Fortunately, we do not have such a constitutional amendment today. Instead, we have a President who had the guts to send up a balanced budget, and we had a Congress who had the guts to back him up and pass it. That is how to do it--the old-fashioned way.  I believe this particular proposed constitutional amendment regarding crime victims' rights fails to set the standards set by our founders in Article V of the Constitution. It cannot be necessary. Let me state why: Over the last several years, we have been making great strides in protecting crime victims' rights. We have accomplished much in 20 years to advance the cause of crime victims' rights, through State law and Federal statutory improvements, through increased training or education, and through implementation efforts. There is no basis today for concluding that this constitutional amendment is necessary for providing crime victims' rights in the criminal justice process.  There is a growing fascination in the Congress with amending our Constitution first and legislating second. No Member knows how long he or she will be in the Senate. I have been privileged in the State of Vermont. My friends in the State of Vermont have sent me here for over 25 years. They do remind me that Vermont is the only State in the Union that has elected only one member from my party to the Senate, but I am thankful they do it by ever increasingly large margins. I don't know how long I will be here; no Member does.  As long as I am here, I will take upon myself the duty to say to the Senate: Slow down on this idea of amending the Constitution. Slow down.  Whatever short-term political gain Members may feel today, your children and your children's children will in all likelihood live by what you do. The temptation was there for the framers of the Constitution. I am sure they looked at the differences between the States and thought, if I amend the Constitution just this way, my State has an advantage or I have an advantage over this person. Instead, they resisted the temptation. Maybe that is why we are the oldest currently existing democracy in the world. Maybe that is why we have a First Amendment, something not duplicated in any other nation on Earth. Maybe that is why we protect ourselves and our rights as we do, because we know we have resisted over the years the 11,000 suggested amendments to the Constitution. Of those 11,000 amendments, one has to assume that somebody in every single instance thought their amendment was extremely important. Every one of those 11,000 times, somebody somewhere thought: This is the amendment to the Constitution that we really need; this is the amendment that falls under Article V which says it is necessary.  I was the 21st person in the history of this country to vote 10,000 times in the Senate. Those 10,000 votes were not all necessary for this country. Sometimes they were votes called by the Sergeant at Arms, and sometimes they were to adjourn. Sometimes they were votes to commend ourselves for doing something we were paid to do anyway. Of course, sometimes they were extraordinarily important votes.  I took pride in being the 21st person in our Nation's history to vote that many times. But I wouldn't have taken pride to think I voted almost the same number of times for a different constitutional amendment. Yet 11,000 constitutional amendments have been before the Senate. Imagine our Constitution if the 11,000 amendments had passed. Heck, take half of them. Imagine our Constitution if 5,500 passed. Impossible. Say 10 percent, 1,100, passed; 5 percent, 550; 1 percent, 110, passed. If we had taken a tiny fraction of these 11,000 that were so essential to this Nation, our Constitution would not be something that would be revered around the world, that other countries would try to emulate; it would be a laughingstock.  Until we do our job with statutes, until we find the ways within the State, until we explore other ways to help with victims' rights, until we follow through with the commitment of necessary resources, until we look at all those States that have passed their own victims' rights laws, until we accept the fact that not one single court has found those unconstitutional, thus saying we don't need a constitutional amendment, until we do that, why do we amend the Constitution again?  As I said, I don't know how much longer I have in the Senate. However, I will stand on this floor, constitutional amendment after constitutional amendment. This is a wonderful document. Don't change it. Don't change itunless an amendment falls under Article V and really is necessary. This is not necessary.  It is ironic, at the height of the key dynamic changes in increased rights and protections for crime victims over the last decade, the efforts on behalf of this constitutional amendment have had the unfortunate, and I believe unintended, fact of slowing that process and dissipating those efforts.  Who suffered? The crime victims. Crime victims are among the most sympathetic figures. And they should be. They are also some of the most politically powerful groups in our society today. We are all supportive of crime victims. That probably takes political courage, to say we should ask some questions, because it takes little political courage to say you are in favor of crime victims; we all our. It is not whether we support crime victims, because we all do. Certainly, those of us like myself who have been prosecutors, who have seen firsthand the beaten victims, the stabbed victims--I even had a murder victim die in my arms while he was telling me who killed him--understand victims. But this debate is not about those victims. It is whether the Senate will endorse the amendment to the United States Constitution. I will do all in my power to make sure we do not amend the Constitution.  April is an especially sensitive time of year for crime victims and those who advocate for them. Frankly, I feel every day we should be advocating for them. Two weeks ago was the 20th anniversary of Crime Victims' Rights Week. During that time, I was one of the few Senators who came to the floor to try to make progress on crime victims' rights by proposing an improved version of the Crime Victims Assistance Act, S. 934.  Last week, we observed the fifth anniversary of the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building. Some of us have worked long and hard for the victims of crime and terrorism around the world. I was proud to be the author of the Victims of Terrorism Act amendment to the anti-terrorism bill that passed the Senate in the wake of that tragedy of June, 1995, which served as the basis for what became the victims provisions ultimately enacted in 1996.  I worked with Senator Nickles and others to provide closed circuit television coverage of the Oklahoma City bombing trials. I supported special assistance for victims and their families to attend and participate in the trials, including enactment of the Victims Rights Clarification Act in 1997 to help ensure those who attended the early portion of the trial could also testify or attend during the sentencing phase.  I do not need to be told by anybody that I have to be sympathetic with victims of crime. I have done that throughout my professional career. I have done it in legislation. I did it for 8 years as a prosecutor.  But I also look at some of the things we are not doing here in Congress. Last Thursday, we observed the first anniversary of the tragic violence at Columbine High School in Colorado. That anniversary served as a reminder of the school violence we have witnessed too often over the past few years. Yet the Senate and House have not completed their work on the juvenile crime bill, a bill that passed the Senate last May by a margin of almost 3 to 1.  The Hatch-Leahy bill passed this body 73-25. Since then, the Republican leadership continues its refusal to convene the House-Senate conference necessary to complete action on this measure. Tell that to the families who were at the zoo here in Washington D.C. yesterday. Tell them the gun lobby will tell us when we can meet and when we cannot, in the United States Congress. Tell those families.  We, oftentimes, have emotional issues that come before us. This past weekend Elian Gonzalez was reunited with his father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez. You know what happened there. The great uncle had temporary custody, custody was revoked, he refused to do a voluntary transfer of the child, the Attorney General finally had to act to reunite them and say the United States would uphold its own laws. I think it was done in the right way. Everybody is running around: We'll have a special citizenship bill, special amnesty bill, special whatever else. I say, remember what the Senate is supposed to be. Remember that wonderful story about the cup and saucer. We are the saucer that allows the cooling of the passions, and we should approach debate of a proposed constitutional amendment with the seriousness and deliberation that it requires.  We could go, instead, back to some of the legislative things we could do right now, that could be signed into law right now, that might help victims of crime.  I see the distinguished senior Senator from New Jersey, a man who, throughout his career here in the Senate, has worked so hard, not just for victims of crime but for those laws that might ensure that at least we have a diminution of crime, especially gun crimes. I am perfectly willing to reserve my time and yield to the distinguished Senator if he would care to speak.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Crapo). The Senator from New Jersey.  