President, one of the greatest pleasures of being a Senator is working with fellow-members like Frank Lautenberg. Few Senators have brought more dedication and experience to their service in this body.  I will never forget how excited my father was to meet Senator Lautenberg when he first came here almost 18 years ago. My father of proud Irish decent followed Frank's first campaign. There was a wonderful connection between the two of them, and I am forever grateful to Senator Lautenberg for the lovely letter of condolence that he sent me when my father passed away. Frank Lautenberg is first and foremost a good friend.  Of course, Senator Lautenberg is also a skilled legislator. We served together for years on the Appropriations Committee. Recently, the committee debated an amendment to the Defense bill that would lead to the withdrawal of U.S. troops to Kosovo. A veteran of the European theater in World War II and the builder of a data processing empire, Senator Lautenberg understood that democratic stability could come only through a long-term and patient investment in peace.  What made Senator Lautenberg's argument so effective was not just the ideas he possessed but the way he delivered them. He has a rhetorical force that I have always admired, and I think that this ability to marry sound ideas with effective speech-making is what makes him such a stellar member.  Of course, Senator Lautenberg had a number of legislative accomplishments. He helped make our democracy more transparent, opposing confusing smoke and mirrors as a Chairman and Ranking Member of the Senate Budget Committee. He promoted international justice, fervently urging the prosecution of war criminals. Senator Lautenberg understood that reconciliation and economic growth could not come until these perpetrators are held responsible and punished for their actions. At home, Senator Lautenberg laid the foundation for our strong economic growth of the last decade. Amtrak and commercial aviation had no greater friend than Senator Lautenberg, who confidently chaired the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation. And he has improved the public's health, encouraging restrictions on tobacco use and ensuring the cleanup of hazardous waste sites.  In his 18 years here, Senator Lautenberg had an impact that goes beyond his important votes and the bills he sponsored. Through his experience and knowledge, he was steadfast advocate for freedom, fairness, and responsibility. He kept these ideal on an unalterable course, and we are all in his debt for it.  