The beneficiaries of this bill are guerrilla soldiers--and their spouses and widows--who were our allies in Laos during the Vietnam War. Many of these soldiers came to the United States with their families after the war and have contributed to the American economy through their labor and by paying taxes. Now many of them seek to become citizens of this country, but find it difficult to meet the prerequisites for naturalization due to the unique characteristics of their native culture.  Until quite recently, the Hmong people had no written language. This lack of experience with written language has made it more difficult for Hmong people who have moved to the United States to learn English, which in turn makes it more difficult for them to obtain citizenship. This bill would waive the English language requirement and provide special consideration for the civics requirement for Hmong veterans and their spouses and widows. It is a small concession to make in return for the great sacrifices that these men made in fighting for the American cause in Southeast Asia.  I would like to commend Senators Wellstone and Feingold for the efforts they have made to draw attention to this issue and this bill, and to thank Representative Vento whose persistence has made this bill possible. I would also note that this is a bipartisan bill that Senators Hagel and McCain have cosponsored. My only disappointment is that the majority made it impossible to report this bill from the Judiciary Committee last week, when we were joined at the hearing by many of the brave soldiers whom this bill would benefit. Instead of working out its concerns with the bill's sponsors in advance, the majority insisted upon an 11th-hour amendment, an amendment that--in violation of normal practice--was not distributed to members of this Committee. This conduct came only a week after the majority objected to an attempt to pass the House bill on the floor--an attempt that was cleared by every Senator on my side of the aisle.  But it is better to pass this bill after a delay than not at all. I am grateful for the opportunity to have helped bring this bill to the floor today, and I look forward to the day when these brave veterans become American citizens. It is a privilege that they have more than earned.  