 We should not use the bankruptcy law to shield purveyors of violence. We should close this loophole.  Six defendants in the Nuremberg files web site case filed bankruptcy to avoid their debts under the law. This web site depicted murder weapons with dripping blood and advocated the killing of pro-choice physicians and public figures. Indeed, as some of these people were killed, their names were crossed out on the web site. Why should somebody who is sued for this kind of violence, purveying this kind of violence, be allowed to go to bankruptcy court and say, ``See ya, I'm home free''?  Dr. Barnett Slepian, who was murdered 2 years ago in Buffalo on October 23, 1998, was on this heinous Internet site. After he was murdered, his name was crossed out.  If I can make a personal note, when Dr. Slepian was murdered in upstate New York because his name was on the Nuremberg files web site, within days they determined the chief suspect was a man from Vermont. In fact, there is now an arrest warrant out for him.  I mention that also not just because I am from Vermont, but when I checked the Internet file, I found that along with this man's name, my name was there. I was listed as one of the people who should be shot and killed. I take that a little bit personally, especially when the FBI are now looking for a man from my State who is suspected of shooting and killing one of the people whose name was on that list with mine. Dr. Slepian's name has been crossed out. Mine has been left on the list of those who should be shot and killed.  Frankly, I find it a little bit difficult to think, when these people are sued for this kind of thing, and judgments are rendered against them, that they can just go into bankruptcy court and say: See ya.  So nobody will think that there is any kind of conflict of interest, I am not part of any suit against them. I am not going to do that. But for those who have, they ought to at least get their settlement or other judgment, win or lose, in the courts. But we should not let anybody walk into our Federal bankruptcy court--because of a huge loophole that this Congress does not have the guts to close--and just walk home scot-free.  It is hypocrisy at the worst, when we voted 80-17 in this body to close the loophole, and when all but one Member of the other body voted to have an open conference on this, that both bodies ignored that. That is hypocrisy. It is wrong.  If anybody thinks they do not know the reason why some people in this country look at the Congress and ask what is going on, there is one of your reasons right there. Maybe we ought to look at some of the elections this year and say: Our people are saying they are fed up with this.  In fact, this suspect is still at large, and with a reward of $1 million for his arrest.  You tell me--anybody in this body--you tell me--anybody who is listening to this debate--that somehow it is fair to let people such as that escape because of a loophole that we do not have the guts to close in our bankruptcy law.  Clearly, the perpetrators of violence and illegal intimidation should not be able to abuse the bankruptcy laws to avoid responsibility for their actions. Bankruptcy should not be used to avoid the legal consequence of clinic violence, harassment, and intimidation.  If we do not want to do something against violence, apparently we do not want to do anything in bankruptcy to offend those who have multimillion-dollar estates in the right States.  In the Senate, we passed, by a vote of 76-22, an amendment to create a $100,000 nationwide cap on any homestead exemption. Again, we could say we are only concerned about the little people. We are concerned about people paying the debt. All people--we wanteverybody to pay their bills. Whether they are rich or poor, we want them to pay their bills. We are equal to everybody.  Of course, that would have eliminated one of the most flagrant abuses in bankruptcy laws--debtors moving to expensive homes in a handful of States with unlimited exemptions, declaring bankruptcy, and then keeping their millions of dollars in the homes that they have in those States.  Senator Kohl, along with Senator Sessions, put together an amendment that the Senate overwhelmingly adopted. I am beginning to see why everybody voted for it. Some must have gotten word that it would be gutted as soon as it got off the floor, gutted behind closed doors, where nobody votes and nobody's fingerprints are on them. Even to talk about: OK, you want to raise it to $100,000? Raise it to $500,000. Then all of a sudden we find it is gutted. It is going to build a lot of homes in Texas and Florida. It is an amazing coincidence those two States are going to have the advantage of not having that provision. If you want to declare bankruptcy, just put your millions of dollars in a house in Texas or Florida, and under this you are safe.  Again, the Administration made it crystal clear in four letters to congressional leaders that the President would not sign any bankruptcy reform bill that did not end the abuse of unlimited homestead exemptions. In fact, the Republican leadership reached an agreement with Democrats and the Administration to include a nationwide $500,000 cap on homestead exemptions in bankruptcy, but then the majority changed its mind. Why? I do not understand why the majority then reverted to a flawed homestead provision in this conference report.  As early as May 12, 2000, OMB Director Jack Lew made clear the Administration's position. Director Lew wrote to Congressional leaders: It is fundamentally unfair to ask low- and moderate-income debtors to devote future income to repay the debts that they can, while leaving loopholes that allow the wealthy to shield income and assets from their creditors. High or unlimited homestead exemptions allow people with expensive homes to avoid their responsibility to repay a significant portion of their debts.  On June 9, 2000, the President, himself, wrote to congressional leaders about the need to end abusive homestead exemptions in any final bankruptcy reform bill. President Clinton wrote: I am concerned, for example, that the final bill may not adequately address the problem of wealthy debtors who use overly broad homestead exemptions to shield assets from their creditors.  Again, a few weeks later on June 29th, the President reiterated his position by writing to congressional leaders: The proposed limitation on State homestead exemptions will address, for the first time, those who move their residence shortly before bankruptcy to take advantage of large State exemptions to shield assets from their creditors. But the proposal does not address a more fundamental concern: unlimited homestead exemptions that allow wealthy debtors in some States to continue to live in lavish homes. In light of how other provisions designed to stem abuse will affect moderate-income debtors, it is unfair to leave this loophole for the wealthy in place.  A few weeks ago, it appeared the majority was finally beginning to understand and accept the President's commonsense approach by agreeing to a federal cap on homestead exemptions. On September 22, Gene Sperling, National Economic Advisor to the President, wrote to Majority Leader Lott: The President appreciates your significant movement on the homestead issue. We realize that the offer goes against strongly held views of some members of your caucus, and we are grateful for the effort. While we had proposed placing a cap of $250,000 on the size of state homestead exemptions, we could accept a homestead cap of $500,000, were we to reach agreement on other issues.  It does not take a rocket scientist to understand that the President would veto a bankruptcy conference report that did not adequately address the discharge of penalties for violence against family planning clinics and the problem of wealthy debtors who use overly broad homestead exemptions to shield assets from their creditors. Four times the Administration wrote to congressional leaders about the need to address these two areas of bankruptcy abuse. Four times.  But this conference report fails adequately to address either of these two abuses of the current bankruptcy system.  Unfortunately, the majority is repeating the same mistakes that killed bankruptcy reform in the last Congress. Instead of keeping on the track of bipartisan compromise that was headed toward enacting a fair and balanced bill, the majority veered off course on behalf of special interests. The result is an unfair and unbalanced bankruptcy conference report.  Fortunately, bankruptcy filings have been declining for the last couple of years. In 1999, the per capita personal bankruptcy rate dropped by more than 9 percent. In the 2000 fiscal year, the decline continued. According to the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts, bankruptcy filings for fiscal year 2000 are down 6.8 percent for personal filings, down 6.6 percent for business filings and down 9.2 percent for chapter 7 filings. Over the last two years, Chapter 7 filings have dropped 15 percent and personal bankruptcy filings overall have declined by 12 percent.  In my home state of Vermont, the recent decline in personal bankruptcy filings is even more dramatic. In 1999 consumer bankruptcy filings in the District of Vermont dropped 11 percent compared to 1998 and fell an additional 20 percent so far this year as compared to last year that is approximately a one-third decrease over the last two years.  Clearly, the justification that we must pass this flawed measure now because of a bankruptcy crisis rings hollow given the latest bankruptcy filing facts across the nation. There is no need to rush a bad bill into law.  On June 9, 2000, President Clinton wrote to congressional leaders that: I have long made clear my support for legislation that would encourage responsibility and reduce abuses of the bankruptcy system on the part of debtors and creditors alike. We also must ensure that a reasonable fresh start is available for those who turn to bankruptcy as a last resort when facing divorce, unemployment, illness, and uninsured medical expenses. Bankruptcy reform legislation should strike the right balance.  Unfortunately, this conference report fails to strike that right balance. The President will and should veto it.  The administration has helped to make the economy a lot better. We can take a moment. Let us wait until next year and pass a good bill. Let us take care of those problems that are in there, but let's not allow the haters, the crime inciters, the murderers, and the firebombers to go free. For Pete's sake, let's not let somebody who has amassed millions of dollars of assets, and even more millions of debt, to say: I will go buy a house in Texas or Florida because then I can escape my creditors.  Mr. President, how much time does the Senator from Vermont have remaining?  