President, I want to especially thank Senator Coverdell, the resolution's chief sponsor, and Senator Helms, Senator DeWine, Senator Chafee, and Senator McConnell for their leadership and support.  This is an extremely timely resolution which should send a clear message to the Peruvian Government and the Peruvian people that the United States cares deeply about the future of democracy in that country. It is my fervent hope that next week's presidential election in Peru is free and fair, but all indications from independent monitoring groups are that President Fujimori and his supporters have used every possible means to manipulate the electoral process. If the election is not deemed to be free and fair by independent observers, this resolution calls on the administration to review U.S. policy toward Peru and modify our political, economic and military relations accordingly.  We have changed slightly the resolved clause in the resolution from the language that was originally introduced on March 28. Originally, the resolution stated that the U.S. should modify its relations with Peru, ``including its support for international financial institution loans to Peru,'' if the election is deemed to have been unfair. That language has been replaced with language calling on the U.S. to modify our ``political, economic and military relations'' with Peru.  However, I want to emphasize that the phrase ``economic relations'' includes loans from the international financial institutions. I want to be sure that there is no misunderstanding or suggestion that by changing this language we have precluded the administration from modifying U.S. support for international loans, if the election is deemed to have been unfair and such action would be appropriate.  I agreed to this change, both to include the phrase ``military relations'' since our military relations should also be reexamined and modified if appropriate, but also with the understanding that the phrase ``economic relations'' includes the entire spectrum of economic assistance, both from the United States directly and through the international financial institutions.  