President, I would like to correct the Record with respect to the effectiveness of the Victims Rights Clarification Act of 1997.  In the course of this debate on this proposed constitutional amendment, the two principal sponsors of this constitutional amendment, my friends Senator Kyl and Senator Feinstein, have spoken at some length about the Oklahoma City bombing cases. They have repeatedly cited that case as evidence that Federal statutes are not adequate for protecting crime victims, and that nothing but a constitutional amendment will do the trick.  They have said that ``the Oklahoma City case provides a compelling illustration of why a constitutional amendment is necessary to fully protect victims' rights in this country'' and that the case shows ``why a statute won't work.''  I have a very different take on the lessons to be learned from the Oklahoma City bombing cases. In my view, what happened in that case is a textbook example of how statutes can and do work, and why the proposed constitutional amendment is wholly unnecessary.  For many years, the proponents of this amendment have pointed to one particular ruling to support their cause. On June 26, 1996, during the first Oklahoma City bombing case, the Timothy McVeigh case, the trial judge, Chief Judge Richard Matsch, issued what I and many other Senators thought was a bizarre pretrial order. He held that any victim who wanted to testify at the penalty hearing, assuming McVeigh was convicted, would be excluded from all pretrial proceedings and from the trial. Judge Matsch's reasoning, as I understand it, was that victims' testimony at sentencing would be improperly influenced by their witnessing the trial.  The U.S. Attorneys who were prosecuting the case promptly consulted with the victims and concluded that Judge Matsch's ruling failed to treat the victims fairly, so they moved for reconsideration. But Judge Matsch denied the U.S. Attorneys' motion and reaffirmed his ruling on October 4, 1996.  As I mentioned, I, like the prosecutors, thought that Judge Matsch's order was wrong. I did not believe that anything in the Constitution or in Federal law required victims to make the painful choice between watching a trial and providing victim impact testimony.  The issue during the trial phase is whether the defendant committed the crime. The issue on which victims testify at the sentencing is what the effects of the crime have been. There is nothing that I know of, in common sense or in American law, that suggests that allowing a mother who has lost her child to hear the evidence of how her child was murdered would somehow taint the mother's testimony about the devastating effects of the murder on her and her family's lives.  So on March 14, 1997, I joined Senator Nickles, Senator Inhofe, Senator Hatch, and Senator Grassley in introducing the Victims Rights Clarification Act of 1997. This legislation clarified that a court shall not exclude a victim from witnessing a trial on the basis that the victim may, during the sentencing phase of the proceedings, make a statement or present information in relation to the sentence. This legislation also specified that a court shall not prohibit a victim from making a statement or presenting information in relation to the sentence during the sentencing phase of the proceedings solely because the victim has witnessed the trial.  In addition, and just as importantly, the Victims Rights Clarification Act preserved a judge's discretion to exclude a victim's testimony during the sentencing phase if the victim's testimony would unfairly prejudice the jury. It allowed for a judge to exclude a victim if he found a basis--independent of the sole fact that the victim witnessed the trial--that the victim's testimony during the sentencing phase would create unfair prejudice.  My cosponsors and I worked together to pass the Victims Rights Clarification Act within a timeframe that could benefit the victims in the Oklahoma City bombing case. The Senate passed this bill by unanimous consent on March 18, 1997, and President Clinton signed it into law the very next day. I am very proud of how we worked together, Republicans and Democrats, the Senate and the House, the Congress and the President, to pass the Victims Rights Clarification Act in record time, and I believe that its speedy passage speaks volumes about our shared commitment to victims' rights.  More important for this debate than how fast Congress acted, however, is how fast Judge Matsch responded. One week after the President signed the Victims Rights Clarification Act, Judge Matsch reversed his pretrial order and permitted victims to watch the trial, even if they were potential penalty phase victim impact witnesses. In other words, Judge Matsch did what the statute told him to do. Not one victim was prevented from testifying at Timothy McVeigh's sentencing hearing on the ground that he or she had observed part of the trial.  Senator Kyl has said that the statute did not work; he suggested that we are now stuck with a judicial precedent that somehow prevents victims from sitting in the courtroom during a trial. Sen. Feinstein has said that the Victim Rights Clarification Act is ``for practical purposes a nullity.'' It's just not true.  Beth Wilkinson, a member of the Government team that successfully prosecuted Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols, told our Committee how well the Victim Rights Clarification Act worked. I can do no better than to quote her words, because she was there, in the trenches; she devoted 2\1/2\ years of her life to obtaining justice for the victims of the Oklahoma City bombing. Here is what Ms. Wilkinson, one of the lead prosecutors in the case, told the Judiciary Committee:       What happened in [the McVeigh] case was once you all passed      the statute, the judge said that the victims could sit in,      but they may have to undergo a voir dire process to determine      . . . whether their testimony would have been impacted . . .      I am proud to report to you that every single one of those      witnesses who decided to sit through the trial . . . survived      the voir dire, and not only survived, but I think changed the      judge's opinion on the idea that any victim impact testimony      would be changed by sitting through the trial. . . . [T]he      witnesses underwent the voir dire and testified during the      penalty phase for Mr. McVeigh.  Ms. Wilkinson went on to say:       It worked in that case, but it worked even better in the      next case. Just 3 months later when we tried the case against      Terry Nichols, every single victim who wanted to watch the      trial either in Denver or through closed-circuit television      proceedings that were provided also by statute by this      Congress, were permitted to sit and watch the trial and      testify against Mr. Nichols in the penalty phase.       That operated smoothly. The defendant had no objection, and      the judge allowed every one of those witnesses to testify      without even undergoing a voir dire process in the second      trial. . . .       I think that proves . . . [that] you do not want to amend      the Constitution if there are     some statutory alternatives. And I saw the Victim Rights      Clarification Act work. Within a year of passage, it had been      tried two times and I believe by the second time it had      operated smoothly and rectified an interest and a right that      I think the victims were entitled to that had not been      recognized until passage of that statute.  Senator Feinstein said that Judge Matsch ``ignored'' the Victim Rights Clarification Act. But Ms. Wilkinson was there, and she says the judge did not ignore the statute, he did apply it, and that any initial uncertainty about the constitutionality of the statute was resolved in the McVeigh case, and not a problem in the second trial, against Terry Nichols. In addition, I am unaware of any subsequent case in which the Victim Rights Clarification Act has been less than fully effective.  I hope this lays to rest, once and for all, the repeated assertions of the proponents of this constitutional amendment that the Oklahoma City bombing cases proved that victims cannot be protected by ordinary legislation. There was one very unfortunate ruling that went against victims' rights at the start of the McVeigh case. That ruling was promptly opposed by prosecutors, swiftly corrected by Congress in the Victims Rights Clarification Act, and duly reversed by the trial judge himself before the trial began. The Victims Rights Clarification Act is working.  After Ms. Wilkinson testified before the Committee, I asked one of our other witnesses, Professor Paul Cassell, to comment on what Ms. Wilkinson had said about the Victims Rights Clarification Act. Professor Cassell represented some of the victims of the Oklahoma City bombing, and he advised Senators in connection with the formulation of that legislation.  Knowing that Professor Cassell is now one of the leading advocates of the proposed victims' rights amendment, I wanted to give him an opportunity to explain what he thought the proposed constitutional amendment would have provided the Oklahoma City bombing victims that the Victims Rights Clarification Act did not provide.  The only thing that Professor Cassell could think of was that the amendment would have given the victims ``standing''. In other words, in addition to enabling the victims to watch the trial and testify at the sentencing hearing, which the statute admittedly accomplished, the amendment would have entitled Paul Cassell and other lawyers for the victims, and the victims themselves, to demand additional hearings and to argue before Judge Matsch.  If standing is the only thing that was missing in the Victims Rights Clarification Act, then we have to ask ourselves two things. First, assuming that we want to provide standing for victims and their lawyers to make legal arguments as well as to testify in criminal cases, do we need a constitutional amendment to achieve that? None of the sponsors of the constitutional amendment have explained why that could not be done by statute.  Second, and more importantly, do we really want to give standing to victims and their lawyers, and allow them to raise claims and challenge rulings during the course of a criminal case?  Remember, we are not arguing about whether victims are entitled to attend the trial, whether they are entitled to testify, or whether they are entitled to restitution. Of course they should be, and they already are in most States. The ``standing'' question is a procedural one, about whether victims' rights and the interests of an efficient and effective criminal justice system are best protected by allowing prosecutors to run the prosecution, or by bringing in teams of plaintiffs' lawyers--or, I guess, they would now be called victims' lawyers--to argue over how the case should be conducted.  I am committed to giving victims real and enforceable rights. But I am not convinced that prosecutors are so incapable of protecting those rights, once we make them clear, that every victim needs to get their own trial lawyer. Indeed, from my own experience as a prosecutor, and from what I have seen of Ms. Wilkinson and the dedicated team that prosecuted the Oklahoma City cases, I am confident that prosecutors have victims' interests at heart.  Senators Kyl and Feinstein mentioned that some of the victims of the Oklahoma City tragedy support their proposed constitutional amendment. I think the point needs to be made that some of those victims do not support the amendment. They were satisfied with the way that Ms. Wilkinson and her colleagues handled the case, and pleased and relieved with the results they achieved.  One of the victims even testified before Congress in opposition to this proposed amendment. Emmett E. Walsh, who lost his daughter in the bombing, told the House Judiciary Committee the following:       I know that many people believe that a constitutional      amendment is something that crime victims want. However, I      want you to know that as a crime victim, I do not want the      Constitution amended. . . . I believe that if this      constitutional amendment had been in place it would have      harmed, rather than helped, the prosecution of the Oklahoma      City Bombing case.  In the Timothy McVeigh case, the trial judge got the law of victims' rights wrong in an initial pretrial ruling. Through the normal legislative process, we fixed the problem before the trial began. What that history shows is not that statutes don't work; it shows precisely why they do. If we got the law of victims' rights wrong in a constitutional amendment, or the Supreme Court interpreted a constitutional victims' rights amendment wrongly, a solution would not come so swiftly. That is why Congress should be slow to constitutionalize new procedural rights that can be provided by statute.  