President, over the past decade DNA analysis has emerged as the most reliable forensic technique for identifying criminals when biological material is left at a crime scene. Because of its scientific precision, DNA testing can, in some cases, conclusively establish a suspect's guilt or innocence. In other cases, DNA testing may not conclusively establish guilt or innocence, but may have significant probative value for investigators.  While DNA's power to root out the truth has been a boon to law enforcement, it has also been the salvation of law enforcement's mistakes--those who for one reason or another, are prosecuted and convicted of crimes that they did not commit. In more than 75 cases in the United States and Canada, DNA evidence has led to the exoneration of innocent men and women who were wrongfully convicted. This number includes at least 9 individuals sentenced to death, some of whom came within days of being executed. In more than a dozen cases, moreover, post-conviction DNA testing that has exonerated an innocent person has also enhanced public safety by providing evidence that led to the apprehension of the real perpetrator.  Clearly, DNA testing is critical to the effective administration of justice in 21st century America.  As DNA testing has moved to the front lines of the war on crime, our Nation's forensic labs have experienced a significant increase in their caseloads, both in number and complexity. In the six years since Congress established the Combined DNA Index System. States have been busy collecting DNA samples from convicted offenders for analysis and indexing. Increased Federal funding for State and local law enforcement programs has resulted in more and better trained police officers who are collecting immense amounts of evidence that can and should be subjected to crime laboratory analysis.  Funding has simply not kept pace with this increasing demand, and State crime laboratories are now seriously bottlenecked. Backlogs have impeded the use of new technologies like DNA testing in solving cases without suspects--and reexamining cases in which there are strong claims of innocence --as laboratories are required to give priority status to those cases in which a suspect is known. In some parts of the country, investigators must wait several months--and sometimes more than a year--to get DNA test results from rape and other violent crime evidence. Solely for lack of funding, critical evidence remains untested while rapists and killers remain at large, victims continue to anguish, and statutes of limitation on prosecution expire.  Let me describe the situation in my home State. The Vermont Forensics Laboratory is currently operating in an old Vermont State Hospital building in Waterbury, Vermont. Though it is proudly one of only two fully-accredited forensics labs in New England, it is trying to do 21st century science in a 1940's building. The lab has very limited space and no central climate control--both essential conditions for precise forensic science. It also has a large storage freezer full of untested DNA evidence from unsolved cases, for which there are no other leads besides the untested evidence. The evidence is not being processed because the lab does not have the space, equipment or manpower.  I commend the scientists and lab personnel at the Vermont Forensics Laboratory for the fine work they do everyday under difficult circumstances. But the people of the State of Vermont deserve better. This is our chance to provide them with the resources they deserve.  Passage of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000, H.R. 4640, will give States like Vermont the help they desperately need to reduce the backlog of untested crime scene evidence from unsolved crimes and untested convicted offender samples. It allocates $170 million over the next four years for grants to States to increase the capacity of their forensic laboratories and carry out DNA analyses of backlogged evidence. Senator Schumer andI have pressed for increased appropriations for these purposes. This authorization bill is a step in the right direction.  In addition to the problem of unanalyzed crime scene and convicted offender evidence, there is an urgent need to address the gap in coverage of the national DNA index that has left out Federal, military, and District of Columbia offenders. The inability to include these offenders in the national index has seriously frustrated efforts to solve crimes and prevent further crimes. The bill that the Senate passes today eliminates the gap in coverage by authorizing the Bureau of Prisons and other Federal agencies to collect, analyze, and index DNA samples from individuals who have been convicted of Federal offenses of a violent or sexual nature. The bill also authorizes needed funding for these purposes, which Senator Schumer and I have been working to include in this years' appropriations bills.  While I support H.R. 4640, I believe it falls short in one critical respect: It fails to address the urgent need to increase access to DNA testing for prisoners who were convicted before this truth-seeking technology became widely available. Prosecutors and law enforcement officers across the country use DNA testing to prove guilt, and rightly so. By the same token, however, it should be used to do what is equally scientifically reliable to do--prove innocence.  I was greatly heartened earlier this month when the Governor of Virginia finally pardoned Earl Washington, after new DNA tests confirmed what earlier DNA tests had shown: He was the wrong guy. He was the 88th wrong guy discovered on death row since the reinstatement of capital punishment. His case only goes to show that we cannot sit back and assume that prosecutors and courts will do the right thing when it comes to DNA. It took Earl Washington years to convince prosecutors to do the very simple tests that would prove his innocence, and more time still to win a pardon. And he is still in prison today.  States like Virginia continue to stonewall on requests for DNA testing. They continue to hide behind time limits and procedural default rules to deny prisoners the right to present DNA test results in court. They are still destroying the DNA evidence that could set innocent people free. These sorts of practices must stop. We should not pass up the promise of truth and justice for both sides of our adversarial system that DNA evidence offers.  By passing H.R. 4640, we substantially increase funding to increase the capacity of State and local forensic labs to carry out DNA analysis of crime scene evidence and convicted offender samples. That is an appropriate use of Federal funds. But we at least ought to require that this truth-seeking technology be made available to both sides.  I proposed a modest Sense of Congress amendment to H.R. 4640, which the Senate is passing today. It describes how DNA testing can and has resulted in the post-conviction exoneration of scores of innocent men and women, including some under sentence of death, and expresses the sense of Congress that we should condition forensic science-related grants to a State or State forensic facility on the State's agreement to ensure post-conviction DNA testing in appropriate cases. Because post-conviction DNA testing has shown that innocent people are sentenced to death in this country with alarming frequency, and because the most common constitutional error in capital cases is egregiously incompetent defense lawyering, my amendment also calls on Congress to work with the States to improve the quality of legal representation in capital cases through the establishment of counsel standards.  I introduced legislation in this Congress that would have accomplished both of these things. The Innocence Protection Act of 2000 contains meaningful reforms that I believe could save innocent lives. As the 106th Congress winds down, we have 14 cosponsors in the Senate, and about 80 in the House. We have Democratic and Republican cosponsors, supporters of the death penalty and opponents. President Clinton, Vice President Gore, and Attorney General Reno have all expressed support for the bill.  Tragically, real reform of our nation's capital punishment system foundered on the shoals of election-year politics. But with the Sense of Congress provision that we pass today, at least we have agreed on a blueprint for effective reform legislation in the 107th Congress.  The law enforcement issues addressed by H.R. 4640 are important, but as FBI Director Louis Freeh has acknowledged, ``Post-conviction relief is an equally important issue that requires a solution.'' In a recent letter, Director Freeh pledged to work with me on post-conviction relief issues in the next Congress and I look forward to working with the Director.  Each day that DNA evidence goes uncollected and untested, solvable crimes remain unsolved, and people across the country are needlessly victimized. I hope that the House will move quickly to pass H.R. 4640 as amended before it winds up its work for the year.  