President, I am pleased that the Senate is passing the Computer Crime Enforcement Act, which is now headed to President Clinton for his signature into law. I introduced the Senate version of this bill, S. 1314, on July 1, 1999, with Senator DeWine and is now also co-sponsored by Senators Robb, Hatch and Abraham. This legislation also passed the Senate as part of H.R. 46, the Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor Act. I thank my colleagues for their hard work on the Computer Crime Enforcement Act, especially Representative Matt Salmon, the House sponsor.  The information age is filled with unlimited potential for good, but it also creates a variety of new challenges for law enforcement. A recent survey by the FBI and the Computer Security Institute found that 62 percent of information security professionals reported computer security breaches in the past year. These breaches in computer security resulted in financial losses of more than $120 million from fraud, theft of information, sabotage, computer viruses, and stolen laptops. Computer crime has become a multi-billion dollar problem.  The Computer Crime Enforcement Act is intended to help states and local agencies in fighting computer crime. All 50 states have now enacted tough computer crime control laws. They establish a firm groundwork for electronic commerce, an increasingly important sector of the nation's economy.  Unfortunately, too many state and local law enforcement agencies are struggling to afford the high cost of enforcing their state computer crime statutes.  Earlier this year, I released a survey on computer crime in Vermont. My office surveyed 54 law enforcement agencies in Vermont--43 police departments and 11 State's attorney offices--on their experience investigating and prosecuting computer crimes. The survey found that more than half of these Vermont law enforcement agencies encounter computer crime, with many police departments and state's attorney offices handling 2 to 5 computer crimes per month.  Despite this documented need, far too many law enforcement agencies in Vermont cannot afford the cost of policing against computer crimes. Indeed, my survey found that 98 percent of the responding Vermont law enforcement agencies do not have funds dedicated for use in computer crime enforcement. My survey also found that few law enforcement officers in Vermont are properly trained in investigating computer crimes and analyzing cyber-evidence.  According to my survey, 83 percent of responding law enforcement agencies in Vermont do not employ officers properly trained in computer crime investigative techniques. Moreover, my survey found that 52 percent of the law enforcement agencies that handle one or more computer crimes per month cited their lack of training as a problem encountered during investigations. Without the necessary education, training and technical support, our law enforcement officers are and will continue to be hamstrung in their efforts to crack down on computer crimes.  I crafted the Computer Crime Enforcement Act, S. 1314, to address this problem. The bill would authorize a $25 million Department of Justice grant program to help states prevent and prosecute computer crime. Grants under our bipartisan bill may be used to provide education, training, and enforcement programs for local law enforcement officers and prosecutors in the rapidly growing field of computer criminal justice. Our legislation has been endorsed by the Information Technology Association of America and the Fraternal Order of Police. This is an important bipartisan effort to provide our state and local partners in crime-fighting with the resources they need to address computer crime.  