President, I am pleased that the Aircraft Safety Act of 2000 is included in the conference report on the Air Transportation Improvement Act, H.R. 1000. This measure is needed to safeguard United States aircraft, workers and passengers from fraudulent, defective, and counterfeit aircraft parts.  The problem of fraudulent, defective, and counterfeit aircraft parts has grown dramatically in recent years. Since 1993, the Federal Aviation Administration received 1,778 reports of suspected unapproved parts, initiated 298 enforcement actions and issued 143 safety notices regarding suspect parts. Moreover, the aircraft industry has estimated that as much as $2 billion in unapproved parts may be sitting on the shelves of parts distributors, airlines, and repair stations, according to Congressional testimony.  Because a passenger airplane may contain as many as 6 million parts, the growth of bogus aircraft parts raises serious public safety concerns. And even small bogus parts could cause a horrific airplane tragedy. For instance, on September 8, 1989, a charter flight carrying 55 people from Norway to Germany plunged 22,000 feet into the North Sea after a tail section fastened with bogus bolts tore loose.  Given this potential threat to public safety, comprehensive laws are needed to focus directly on the dangers posed by nonconforming, defective, and counterfeit aircraft parts. But no such laws are on the books right now. In fact, prosecutors today are forced to use a variety of general criminal statutes to bring offenders to justice, including prosecution for mail fraud, wire fraud, false statements and conspiracy. These general criminal statutes may work well in some situations in the aircraft industry, but often times they do not.  The Aircraft Safety Act would provide for a single Federal law designed to crack down on the $45 billion fraudulent, defective, and counterfeit aircraft parts industry. The Act focuses on stopping bogus aircraft parts in three ways.  First, our bipartisan bill adds a new section to our criminal laws defining fraud involving aircraft parts in interstate or foreign commerce for the first time. The section sets out three new offenses to outlaw the fraudulent exportation, importation, sale, trade, installation, or introduction of nonconforming, defective, or counterfeit aircraft parts. Under the new statute, it is a crime to falsify or conceal any material fact, to make any fraudulent representation, or to use any materially false documents or electronic communication concerning any aircraft part.  Second, our bipartisan bill strengthens the criminal penalties against aircraft parts pirates. A basic 15-year maximum penalty of imprisonment and $500,000 maximum fine is set for all offenses created by the new section. This is needed to end the light sentences that some aircraft parts counterfeiters have received under the general criminal statutes. In fact, in a 1994 case, a parts broker pleaded guilty to trafficking in counterfeit aircraft parts, but only received a seven-month sentence. Fraud involving aircraft parts is a serious crime that deserves a serious penalty.  Third, our bipartisan bill provides courts with new tools to prevent repeat offenders from re-entering the aircraft parts business and to stop the flow of nonconforming, defective and counterfeit parts in the marketplace. Under the new statute, courts may order unscrupulous individuals to divest themselves of interests in businesses used to perpetuate aircraft fraud. Courts may also, under the new statute, direct the disposal of stockpiles and inventories of defective and counterfeit aircraft parts to prevent their subsequent resale or entry into commerce.  Indeed, Attorney General Reno, Defense Secretary Cohen, TransportationSecretary Slater, and NASA Administrator Goldin wrote to Senator Hatch and me urging that Congress adopt this legislation. They wrote: ``If enacted, this bill would give law enforcement a potent weapon in the fight to protect the safety of the traveling public.'' As a result, the Aircraft Safety Act is endorsed by the Department of Justice, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Department of Defense, the Department of Transportation and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. I ask unanimous consent, that this letter be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  