President, we all in the Senate and the House have been saddened by the death of Bruce Vento. Congressman Vento came to the Congress 2 years after I did. We served together and worked together on many issues. He belonged, proudly, to a sort of informal Italian-American caucus. We would talk about from which parts of Italy our families had come, and we became close friends.  I remember talking with Bruce when he was first diagnosed with cancer. I told him he was in my prayers, my wife's prayers, our family's prayers. He was a good man.  I was sad when I heard him announce he would not run for reelection because of his illness. Of course, we have been notified of his death.  There are Senators and House Members who come here who, under the old saying, some are show horses and some are workhorses. He was a workhorse. One of his priorities during his last year in Congress was the plight of the Hmong people, many of whom settled in Minnesota. They are people from Laos who had fought with the United States and its allies in the Vietnam war and came to the United States afterwards. They very much wanted to become citizens here but had great difficulty learning English because they come from a culture that does not have a written language.  Bruce Vento was the primary House sponsor of the Hmong Veterans' Naturalization Act, a bill that passed the House and Senate earlier this year and became law. This bill waives the English language requirement for naturalization, and provides special consideration for the civics requirement for Hmong veterans and their spouses and widows. It has been a small concession on our part in return for the great sacrifices these men made in fighting for the American cause in Southeast Asia. I am pleased that with the help of Senators Wellstone, Feingold, Hagel, McCain, and others the bill became law before the Congressman's untimely death earlier this week.  There is another bill that addresses an outstanding issue in the Hmong Veterans' Naturalization Act. H.R. 5234, cosponsored by Congressman Vento, will extend the benefits of the new law to widows of Hmong veterans who died in Laos, Thailand, or Vietnam. The bill was passed by voice vote in the House on September 25. The Senate companion bill is strongly bipartisan with seven Democrats and five Republicans joining Senator Wellstone as sponsors. I urge my friends on the other side of the aisle to lift the hold they have on this bill and allow it to pass so we can complete our work on this important issue. We can do this in Bruce Vento's memory, but we can also rectify an injustice that has been done to the Hmong people who have come to this country.  