President, Senators Kyl and Feinstein introduced S. 3205, the Counterterrorism Act of 2000, on October 12, 2000. They base their bill on recommendations made in a report called ``Countering the Changing Threat of International Terrorism,'' issued on June 5, 2000 by the National Commission on Terrorism chaired by former Ambassador L. Paul Bremer III and Maurice Sonnenberg. The sponsors seek to have the Senate consider and pass the bill unanimously without hearings on its legislative language, without Committee consideration, without Senate debate and without amendment. In my efforts to be supportive of them I have shared with them concerns I have had about earlier versions of this legislation. In light of the improvements and corrections that the sponsors have now made, I am pleased to remove my objection to passage of the bill. I commend the sponsors for heeding constructive comments to improve the bill.  At the outset, I note that I have worked to help Senator Kyl clear a number of matters of importance to him in this Congress. Most recently, the Senate passed on November 19, 1999, S. 692, the Internet Gambling Prohibition Act, and on September 28, 2000, repassed S. 704, the Federal Prisoner Health Care Copayment Act. Moreover, in the past few months, we have worked together to confirm three more judges for Arizona.  In past Congresses, I have also worked closely with Senator Kyl. For example, in the 104th Congress, Senators Kyl, Grassley and I worked together to enact the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act. This law increased protection under federal criminal law for both government and private computers, and addressed the emerging problem of computer-age blackmail in which a criminal threatens to harm or shut down a computer system unless certain extortion demands are met.  The NII Protection Act that I worked on with Senator Kyl was intended to help law enforcement better address the problem of computer crime, in which cyber attacks are an important component. The Bremer-Sonnenberg Commission noted that, ``[r]easonable experts have published sobering scenarios about the potential impact of a successful cyber attack on the United States. Already, hackers and criminals have exploited some of our vulnerabilities.'' In short, the Commission found that, ``cyber security is a matter of grave importance.''  As technology advances, the Congress must remain vigilant to ensure that our laws remain up to date and our local, State and federal law enforcement resources are up to the job posed by new technological challenges. That is why I have continued to work over this Congress with the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee and Senator Schumer on S. 2448, which the Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously reported favorably on October 5th for consideration by the Senate as the Internet Security Act amendment on another bill. This legislation would make changes to the federal Computer Fraud and Abuse statute and provide significant new resources to federal law enforcement for forensic computer crime work.  I have also been pleased to work with Senator DeWine on S. 1314, the Computer Crime Enforcement Act, to help provide the necessary funding for training and equipment for state and local law enforcement to deal with computer crimes. The Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously reported this bill favorably to the Senate on September 21, 2000. Although he is not a cosponsor of these bills, I appreciate Senator Kyl's support for both S. 2448 and S. 1314 as those bills moved through Committee. These complementary pieces of legislation reflect twin-track progress against computer crime: More tools at the federal level and more resources for local computer crime enforcement.  In addition, the Senate Judiciary Committee has considered and reported unanimously on May 18, 2000, S. 2089, the Counterintelligence Reform Act, which I was pleased to cosponsor with Senators Specter, Torricelli, and others. Senator Kyl did not cosponsor this bill.  The Counterintelligence Reform Act is intended to improve the coordination within and among federal agencies investigating and prosecuting espionage cases and other cases affecting national security. Specifically, this legislation amends the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to state explicitly that past activities of a target may be considered in determining whether there is probable cause to believe that the target of electronic surveillance is an ``agent of a foreign power.'' This particular provision appears to address a criticism subsequently raised in the Bremer-Sonnenberg Commission report that the Office of Intelligence Policy and Review, which is the Justice Department unit responsible for preparing and presenting FISA applications to the FISA court, ``does not generally consider the past activities of the surveillance target relevant in determining whether the FISA probable cause test is met.''  The Bremer-Sonnenberg Commission report recommended that ``the Attorney General should substantially expand'' OIPR in order ``[t]o ensure timely review of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act applications.'' I concur with this recommendation. In fact, even before the Commission report was released and during Judiciary Committee consideration of S. 2089, I offered an amendment to S. 2089, which was approved by the Judiciary Committee, that would authorize an increase in the budget for OIPR from its current funding level of $4,084,000 to $7,000,000 for FY 2001, with increases up to $8,000,000 over the following two years, for expanded personnel and technology resources. The Select Committee on Intelligence also approved this budget increase for OIPR upon consideration of S. 2089, which subsequently was passed by the Congress as part of the Intelligence Authorization Act, S. 2507.  Recently, the Congress passed as part of the conference report on the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, H.R. 3244, the Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act with an amendment that Senator Feinstein and I authored dealing with support for victims of international terrorism. Senator Kyl did not cosponsor this amendment. This amendment is intended to enable the Office for Victims of Crime to provide more immediate and effective assistance to Americans who are victims of terrorism abroad--Americans like those killed or injured in the embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania, and in the Pan Am 103 bombing over Lockerbie, Scotland. These victims deserve help, and the Leahy-Feinstein amendment will permit the Office for Victims of Crime to serve these victims better by expanding the types of assistance for which the VOCA emergency reserve fund may be used, and the range of organizations to which assistance may be provided. The amendment allows OVC greater flexibility inusing existing reserve funds to assist victims of terrorism abroad, including the victims of the Lockerbie and embassy bombings.  This provision will also authorize OVC to raise the cap on the VOCA emergency reserve fund from $50 million to $100 million, so that the fund is large enough to cover the extraordinary costs that would be incurred if a terrorist act caused massive casualties, and to replenish the reserve fund with unobligated funds from its other grant programs.  At the same time, the provision will simplify the presently-authorized system of using VOCA funds to provide victim compensation to American victims of terrorism abroad, by permitting OVC to establish and operate an international crime victim compensation program. This program will, in addition, cover foreign nationals who are employees of any American government institution targeted for terrorist attack. The source of funding is the VOCA emergency reserve fund, which we authorized in an amendment I offered to the 1996 Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act.  The Leahy-Feinstein provision also clarifies that deposits into the Crime Victims Fund remain available for intended uses under VOCA when not expended immediately.  As is apparent from the work we have done both in this Congress and in prior Congresses, we all share the interest and concern of the sponsors of S. 3205 in protecting our national security from the threat and risks posed by terrorists determined to harm this country and its citizens and helping victims of terrorist acts. Yet, I have been concerned that earlier versions of this bill posed serious constitutional problems and risks to important civil liberties we hold dear. Unlike the secret holds that often stop good bills from passing often for no good reason, I have had no secret holds on S. 3205 or earlier versions of this legislation. On the contrary, when asked, I have made no secret about the concerns I had with this legislation.  An earlier version of this legislation, which Senator Kyl tried to move as part of the Intelligence Authorization bill, S. 2507, prompted a firestorm of controversy from civil liberties and human rights organizations, as well as the Department of Justice. For example, the Department of Justice opposed the amendment on myriad grounds, including that (1) the provision amending the wiretap statute to permit law enforcement officers to share foreign intelligence or counterintelligence information obtained under a title III wiretap with the intelligence community ``could have significant implications for prosecutions and the discovery process in litigation''; (2) the provision giving the FBI sixty days to report on the feasibility of establishing a dissemination center within the FBI on international terrorism raised sufficiently significant issues that ``do not avail themselves of resolution in this very short time frame''; (3) the provision requiring the creation of a task force to disrupt the fundraising activities of international terrorist organizations would impose a ``rigid, statutory mandate" that ``would interfere with the need for flexibility in tailoring enforcement strategies and mechanisms to fit the enforcement needs of the particular moment''; and (4) the provision requiring the Attorney General to make legislative language recommendations on matters relating to biological pathogens were ``invalid under the Recommendations Clause'' and ``interferes with the President's efforts to formulate and present his own recommendations and proposals and to control the policy agenda of his Administration.''  Similarly, the Center for Democracy and Technology, the Center for National Security Studies and the American Civil Liberties Union, described in detail their concerns that ``provisions in the Act pose grave threats to constitutional rights.''  I shared many of the concerns of those organizations and the Justice Department, and note that the version of S. 3205 that we consider today addresses those concerns with substantial revisions to the original legislation. For example, no longer does the bill require a change in the wiretap statute allowing the permissive disclosure of information obtained in a title III wiretap to the intelligence agencies. No longer does the bill direct the Central Intelligence Agency to make legislative recommendations to enhance the recruitment of terrorist informants, without any countervailing considerations. Instead, the bill now requests a more balanced picture of the policy considerations that prompted the 1995 guidelines on the use of terrorists as informants and the limitations that may be necessary to assure that the United States does not encourage human rights abuse abroad.  After the bill was introduced, I first advised the sponsors of the bill and then the Senate about the remaining areas of concern that should be fixed in the bill before Senate passage.  In this regard, I note that Senator Kyl suggested to the Senate on October 25th that if the Justice Department was satisfied with his legislation, I or my staff had earlier indicated that I would be satisfied. I respect the expertise of the Department of Justice and the many fine lawyers and public servants who work there and, where appropriate, seek out their views, as do many Members. That does not mean that I always share the views of the Department of Justice or follow the Department's preferred course and recommendations without exercising my own independent judgment. I would never represent that if the Justice Department were satisfied with his bill, I would automatically defer to their view. Furthermore, my staff has advised me that no such representation was ever made.  I am pleased that the further corrections to and refinements of this bill have now been made and that the version of the bill that the Senate is now being asked to consider and pass has been improved. First, the bill now contains the correct numbers of sailors killed and injured in the sense of the Congress concerning the tragic bombing attack on the U.S.S. Cole. I believe that each of the 17 sailors killed and 39 sailors injured deserve recognition and that the full scope of the attack should be properly reflected in this Senate bill. I commend the sponsors of the bill for correcting this part of the bill.  Second, the sense of the Congress originally urged the United States Government to ``take immediate actions to investigate rapidly the unprovoked attack on the'' U.S.S. Cole, without acknowledging the fact that such immediate action has been taken. In fact, the Navy began immediate investigative steps shortly after the attack occurred, and the FBI established a presence on the ground and began investigating within 24 hours. The Director himself went to Yemen to guide this investigation. That investigation is active and ongoing, and no Senate bill should reflect differently, as this one originally did. The corrected bill now urges the government ``to continue to take strong and effective actions'' to investigate this attack. I commend the Administration for the swift and immediate actions it has taken to investigate this attack and the strong statements made by the President making clear that no stone will be left unturned to find the criminals who planned this bloody attack.  Third, the ``Findings'' section of this bill contained several factual errors or inaccuracies that are now corrected. For example, the original bill stated that there are ``38 organizations'' designated as Foreign Terrorist Organizations (FTOs) when there are currently 29, which has been corrected. The original bill stated that ``current practice is to update the list of FTOs every two years'' when in fact the statute requires redesignation of FTOs every two years. This statement has been corrected. The original bill stated that current controls on the transfer and possession of biological pathogens were ``designed to prevent accidents, not theft,'' which according to the Justice Department is simply not accurate. This inaccurate statement has been eliminated.  Fourth, the original bill required reports on issues within the jurisdiction of the Senate Judiciary Committee without any direction that those reports be submitted to that Committee. For example, section 9 of the bill required the FBI to submit to the Select Committees on Intelligence of the Senate and the House a feasibility report on establishing a new capability within the FBI for the dissemination of law enforcement information to the Intelligence community. My suggestion that these reports also be required tobe submitted to the Judiciary Committees has been adopted.  Fifth, the bill requires reports, with recommendations for appropriate legislative or regulation changes, by the Attorney General and the Secretary of Health and Human Services on safeguarding biological pathogens at research labs, pharmaceutical companies and other facilities in the United States. No definition of ``biological pathogen'' is included in the bill and the scope of these reports could therefore cover a vast array of biological materials. To address this concern over the potentially broad focus of this provision, the bill has been amended to include a direction to the Attorney General and the Secretary of Health and Human Services to define and determine the type and classes of pathogens that should be covered by any recommendations.  Finally, the bill would require reimbursement for professional liability insurance for law enforcement officers performing official counterterrorism duties and for intelligence officials performing such duties outside the United States. I scoured the record in vain for explanatory statements by the sponsors of this bill about their views on the need for this provision. Current law curiously provides for payments of only half the costs of professional liability insurance for law enforcement officers and federal judges to cover the costs of legal liability for damages resulting from any tortious act, error of omission while in the performance of the employee's duties and the costs of legal representation in connection with any administrative or judicial proceeding relating to such act, error or omission. 5 U.S.C. Sec.  5941 prec. note. The Bremer-Sonnenberg Commission report recommended that the Congress amend current law to mandate full reimbursement of the costs of personal liability insurance for FBI and CIA counterterrorism agents. In light of this explanation, I am prepared to proceed while noting that this is an area that deserves more comprehensive review. The same reasons for providing full reimbursement for counterterrorism officers may apply to other law enforcement and intelligence officers.  The bill has been greatly improved since its first iteration, and I am pleased to withdraw my objection.  