President, I will speak on a matter involving the juvenile justice conference--or, perhaps more accurately, I should say the lack of a conference on the juvenile justice bill. It is a matter that concerns me greatly because I was the floor leader on this side and the distinguished Senator from Utah was the floor leader on the other side when we had over a week of debate on the juvenile justice bill. We had a very solid debate. We then passed the bill with 73 votes in the Senate. It went to conference, and it was like going into the Bermuda Triangle; we haven't seen it since.  Actually, this Congress has kept the country waiting too long for action on juvenile justice legislation and has kept the country waiting too long on sensible gun safety laws. We are fast approaching the first-year anniversary of the shooting at Columbine High School in Littleton, CO. It has been 11 months since 14 students and a teacher lost their lives in that terrible tragedy on April 20, 1999. It has been 10 months since the Senate passed the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill. As I said before, it was an overwhelming vote of 73-25.  Our bipartisan bill includes modest--and I believe effective--gun provisions. It has been 9 months since the House of Representatives passed its own juvenile crime bill, which was on June 17, 1999. Then the leadership in the Congress delayed action on calling a conference all summer. It has been 8 months since the House and Senate juvenile justice conference met for the first and only time. The Republican majority in the Congress convened the conference on August 5, 1999. They did that less than 24 hours before the Congress adjourned for a month's vacation.  Now, you don't have to be a cynic to recognize this for what it was. It was a transparent ploy to deflect criticism for delay, but also to make sure the conference could not do anything. They would not have enough time to prepare comprehensive juvenile justice legislation to send to the President before school began in September. But we did have time to do it before children went back to school in January. We didn't do that. Now I wonder if we will ever do it.  The Senate and House Democrats have been ready for months to reconvene the juvenile justice conference. We have told the Republicans we would meet with them on a minute's notice. We want to work with Republicans to craft an effective juvenile justice conference report that includes reasonable gun safety provisions. But even though the Senate passed this legislation by a 3-to-1 majority, no conference; the Republican leadership has decided not to act.  I think this is particularly shameful because the Congress has spent more time in recess than in session during the last meeting of this conference. Think about that. We have been out on vacation more time than we have actually been here working since we had that last conference. Let's take a couple days off one of these recesses and have a conference.  Two weeks ago, the President invited House and Senate members of the conference to the White House, both Republicans and Democrats. He urged us to proceed to the conference and to have final enactment of legislation before the anniversary of the Columbine tragedy. Unfortunately, the Republican majority has rejected the President's plea for action. I think more than rejecting the President's plea for action, they have rejected the American people's plea.  On April 22 of last year, barely 2 days after the killings at Columbine High School, I came to the Senate to urge action. I praised the Democratic leader, Senator Kennedy, and others for their thoughtful comments on these matters and for reaching out to the families of those who were killed that week. At that time, almost a year ago, I urged the Senate to rededicate itself to the work of assisting parents, teachers, the police, and others in stemming school violence. I suggested that S. 9, the Safe Schools, Safe Streets, and Secure Borders Act of 1999, provided a good place to start.  Responding to our efforts to turn the Senate's attention to the problems of school violence, on April 27 the Republican leader came to the floor and said if we withheld for 2 weeks, he could provide a legislative vehicle ``that we could take up, and the Senate would then have an opportunity for debate, have amendments, and have votes.''  Senator Lott returned to the floor the following day to repeat his commitment to provide the Senate with the ``opportunity to debate and vote on those issues dealing with school violence.'' To Senator Lott's credit, he proceeded to S. 254, the juvenile justice bill, which was then pending on the Senate calendar, and he did that on May 11. We then had 2 weeks of real debate on it--one of the few we have had recently--and then the Senate worked its way through this bill. The Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice legislation, which passed the Senate on May 20, passed with a strong bipartisan majority and 73 votes, with both Democrats and Republicans voting for it. No one should forget it was a Republican majority that decided to make the juvenile justice legislation the vehicle for the antiviolence amendments adopted by the Senate last May. Three-quarters of the Senate voted for our legislation.  Following the action by the other body, I urged a prompt conference on the juvenile justice legislation. I took the unusual step of coming to the Senate to propound a unanimous consent request to move to conference on the legislation, which initially encountered Republican objections. But eventually this request provided a blueprint for moving the Senate to agreeing to conference on July 28 of last year.  Unfortunately, that conference was convened for only a single afternoon--not with votes but of speeches. Democrats in both the House and Senate tried to offer motions about how to proceed to begin some of the discussion. But that was ruled out of order by the Republican majority.  Then I spoke on the floor several times last year--on September 8, September 9, and October 21--urging the majority to reconvene the juvenile justice conference. I joined with fellow Democrats to request, both in writing and on the floor, the majority to let usfinish our work on the conference and then send a good bipartisan bill to the President. On October 20, 1999, all the House and the Senate Democratic conferees sent a letter to Senator Hatch and Congressman Hyde calling for an open meeting of the juvenile justice conference. The following year, on March 3, 2000, after yet another shocking school shooting involving 6-year-old classmates in Michigan, Representative Conyers and I wrote again to Senator Hatch and Congressman Hyde requesting an immediate meeting of the conference. The response has been resounding silence.  Two weeks ago, I felt honored to be invited to a White House summit by the President of the United States. I joined Senator Hatch, Congressman Hyde, and Congressman Conyers in an Oval Office meeting with the President--a very substantive meeting. It went on well over an hour on what was a very busy day for the President. He urged the reconvening of the conference. He urged action by the Congress to send him a comprehensive bill before the 1-year anniversary of the Columbine tragedy. I met with the President again that evening. He said again: Please, will you just meet and send me a bill, especially before the 1-year anniversary of Columbine. His entreaties, which I thought were well intentioned and were done seeking bipartisan support, were rebuffed. No conference has been scheduled.  This is only the latest in a long series of delays that have plagued this legislation. We had to overcome technical obstacles and threatened filibusters just to begin the juvenile justice conference, and, unfortunately, I see no sign of abating the delays. We worked hard on the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill, S. 254, and passed it by a vote of 73 to 25, but we cannot get a conference.  What I worry about is the impression we give the country. We will stand here and debate symbolism. We will take long recesses. We will talk about everything but the thing that is on the minds of parents and schoolchildren.  I am blessed with representing a State that I believe has the lowest crime rate in the Nation. We are a State where most of us don't even lock our doors. But it is interesting, when I go to schools in my State and talk to parents, to teachers, and to the children, they worry. Then I go into some of these other larger, urban States, and the concern is enormous.  We have become a terribly violent nation notwithstanding that the vast majority of Americans are good and law-abiding people. I come from a State where a majority of the people own firearms. I own many myself. We don't have gun control laws in our State. We teach people to respect the weapons they have. But the people in Vermont have the same sense of revulsion that I do when they see some of these shootings and they see a Congress unwilling to even stand up to a powerful gun lobby.  Can anybody forget what was probably one of the most terrible pictures I have seen, and terrible in what it said, at the Jewish day center in California where a man went in attacking and shooting? You remember the photograph of the heavily armed police officers leading the little children out across the street. Every one of us has children and has been with children. We have seen them in grade school with a teacher leading the group of children. All the children hold hands. They hold hands with the teacher. And what a happy, cheerful time: We are going to recess. We are going to class. We are going to learn. And they are protected and safe because they are with their teacher or their parents. But this time police officers led these children. They did not know what was going on with the heavily armed officers bringing them to safety. The police officers must have children of their own, or grandchildren of their own, and were thinking about what was going on.  These are images that frighten people in this country. It is reasonable that they are frightened. We ought to respond. We are talking about a juvenile justice bill that has a whole lot of things way beyond any question of gun control. It has in it only modest gun control. It closes some loopholes in the law where you can't go to a flea market in the middle of a Saturday afternoon, and buy a gun without a real check on your background.  We have an opportunity in the conference to cut through partisan differences to make a difference in the lives of our children and families. We need to meet in the conference to debate our motions, and vote them up or vote them down, but at least meet and vote. We are paid to vote yes or no. We are not paid to pass the buck. That is what is happening here.  I don't know what my friends on the Republican side worry about. There are more of them than there are of us. They control the schedule. They have the votes. They can vote down anything they want. The procedural hurdles and the delays that plague this legislation are simply because of the opposition of the gun lobby to any new firearm safety laws.  Unfortunately, the leadership is being held hostage by the extreme views of the NRA and other special interests. If they really wanted to pass effective juvenile justice reforms and protect our children against gun violence, they could do it tomorrow. The President would sign the Hatch-Leahy bill in a second if it reached his desk.  Last year, the Y2K Act conference only took 2 weeks to complete, and a bill was sent to the President to provide legal protections for business--legal protections, as it turned out, that they didn't need. But when it comes to protecting our children where there is a real need, we can't act unless the NRA tells us we are allowed to act. That is wrong.  I didn't come to the Senate to have any group or any special interest group on the right or the left tell me what I can do or not do. Only the voters of my State can make a decision that they don't like the way I vote. They can throw me out. But we should not allow this great body to be held hostage by special interest groups--no matter how many Members they have, no matter how much money they spend on television, or no matter how outrageous a claim they make.  I have stood on this floor many times, but some of the proudest times I have had in public service were as a prosecutor in law enforcement. Let's listen to our Nation's law enforcement officers. They say pass a strong and effective juvenile justice bill. Ten national law enforcement organizations, representing thousands of law enforcement officers, have endorsed the Senate-passed gun safety amendment. They support loophole-free firearm laws.  I remind Senators of the time Members of this Congress turned their back on police officers when the NRA said don't ban cop-killer bullets. Do you remember that? Law enforcement said: Wait a minute. We put our lives on the line for you. How about protecting us?  Here are the organizations that have endorsed the gun-safety amendment and that support loophole-free firearm laws:  The International Association of Chiefs of Police, the International Brotherhood of Police Officers, Police Executive Research Forum, Police Foundation, Major Cities Chiefs, Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, National Sheriffs Association, National Association of School Resource Officers, National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives, Hispanic American Police Command Officers Association.  These law enforcement officers need help in keeping guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. I am not talking about people who use guns for hunting and sport but about criminals and unsupervised children. These organizations want Congress to move.  We recognize there is no single cause and no single legislative solution that will cure the ill of youth violence in our schools or in our streets. We have an obligation to do our part. It is time to act.  This list represents organizations that endorse the Senate-passed gun safety amendments. These are not organizations that take a pie-in-the-sky attitude. These organizations represent people who work in an increasingly violent society, putting their lives on the line to protect all Americans, just as the police officers in the Capitol put their lives on the line every day to protect everyone. Since I have been here two have died doing that.  These organizations ask: Will you at least stand up for us as we stand up for the quarter billion Americans?  I see the distinguished senior Senator from Rhode Island on the floor, Mr. Reed. I applaud Senator Jack Reed for his resolution for the juvenile justice conference to report a final bill by April 20 of this year, the 1-year anniversary of the Columbine High School shooting.  I am proud to cosponsor this resolution. I am proud to work with my good friend. I admire him for his initiative. I yield the floor to the distinguished senior Senator from Rhode Island.  