President, I rise today to express my strong support for S. 1898, the Interstate Transportation of Dangerous Criminals Act, also known as ``Jeanna's bill.'' I worked with Senator Dorgan in developing this legislation, which passed the Judiciary Committee in September with unanimous bipartisan support. I praise Senator Dorgan's leadership, and am proud to be an original cosponsor.  Kyle Bell was sentenced to life in prison for the brutal murder of 11-year old Jeanna North. On October 13, 1999, Bell escaped, while being transferred interstate by a private prisoner transport company. He picked the locks on his handcuffs and leg irons, and slipped off the bus while it was stopped for gas in New Mexico. He was wearing his own street clothes and shoes. The guards did not notice that Bell was missing until nine hours later, and then delayed in notifying New Mexico authorities.  Kyle Bell's escape is not an isolated case. In recent years, there have been several escapes by violent criminals when vans operated by private prisoner transport companies broke down or guards fell asleep on duty. There have also been an alarming number of traffic accidents in which prisoners were seriously injured or killed because drivers were tired, inattentive or poorly trained.  Privatization of prisons and prisoner transportation services may be cost efficient, but public safety must come first. Jeanna's bill, S.1898, requires the Attorney General to establish some basic, common-sense guidelines for private companies that transport violent criminals across State lines, including:  minimum standards for pre-employment background checks;  minimum standards for training employees;  minimum standards for the identification, restraint, and safety of violent prisoners; and  a requirement that private prisoner transport companies notify local law enforcement in advance of any stops in their jurisdiction.  A violation is punishable by a $10,000 fine, plus restitution for the cost of re-capturing any violent prisoner who escapes as the result of such violation. This should create a healthy incentive for companies to abide by the regulations and operate responsibly.  As Senator Dorgan has pointed out, a company hauling hazardous waste, cattle, or even circus animals has to meet certain minimum standards. Yet there are no requirements for hauling violent criminals around the country.  Jeanna's bill has been endorsed by a wide range of law enforcement and victims' rights groups, including the National Sheriff's Association, the National Association of Police Organizations, the Fraternal Order of Police, the California Correctional Peace Officers Association, the New York Correctional Officers and Police Benevolent Association, the National Organization of Parents of Murdered Children, the KlassKids Foundation, and many others. It will go a long way toward preventing more violent criminals from escaping. I am pleased that the Senate is finally passing this important legislation, and urge the House of Representatives to do the same.  