President, I will vote for the Agriculture appropriations conference report. I want to support our farmers. They deserve our support. But I will do so with a great deal of reluctance because of what the House of Representatives did. They inserted a provision which goes directly counter to the views that were expressed in rollcall votes of a bipartisan majority of both the House and the Senate.  I probably shouldn't be that surprised that the House of Representatives, under the Republican leadership, has, once again, abused the legislative process. It has occurred too often. We had very strong votes in both the House and the Senate to lift sanctions on the sale of food and medicine to Cuba. After we had those votes, the House Republican leadership included a provision which prohibits any kind of public financing. What they have said is: Sure, you can have these sales. But we are going to make sure there is no way to pay for them.  We go back home and say how generous we are and how we are helping our farmers, at the same time chuckling all the way out, saying it will never happen.  That is bad for America's farmers. It is very bad for the Cuban people. It is certainly bad foreign policy.  In fact, they even went so far as to codify the restrictions on travel to Cuba. This strikes at the fundamental right of every American to travel freely. Some of the same people who jingoistically say we are Americans; we can go wherever we want, will say, but not to Cuba.  Senator Dodd and I introduced legislation to lift this ban. He spoke eloquently about this. It is ironic, actually outrageous, that Americans can travel to North Korea or Syria or Vietnam but not to Cuba. What a hypocritical, self-defeating, and anachronistic policy. What a policy so beneath a great, good nation as ours, a nation of a quarter billion people, the most powerful, wealthiest nation on Earth. How small-minded. How petty. How beneath this great Nation.  It is a terrible decision, a blatantly partisan decision, a decision driven by politics, and one of the many reasons why the elections on November 7 are so important. It is time we inject intelligence and bipartisanship into our foreign policy. Congress has had its chance, but it has fallen short in too many ways to count. The decision on Cuba is another example of the failure of the 106th Congress to do what is right for America, what is right for America's farmers, what is right for the majority of the American people.  As one who opposes the dictatorial policies of Fidel Castro, I also oppose anybody telling me as an American, or my family, or the people of my State, that we cannot travel anywhere in the world where we might be accepted. It is so beneath a great and good nation. I hope this is something we will correct next year. The majority of Senators and House Members, Republicans and Democrats, have already voted. A small band of the Republican leadership should not be able to thwart that.  I yield the floor.  