President, I mention this only because I know we were in a quorum call and, being in a quorum call, this time would not be taken from the bill. The House of Representatives has passed overwhelmingly--I think with only four votes against it--the Electronic Signature Act. We will be taking it up in a matter of hours. I will speak further on this on the floor today, but I strongly urge my colleagues to vote for this bill.  A number of us worked closely--Republicans and Democrats alike--to craft the final package. I was one of the conferees and signed the conference report--indeed I also signed and supported the earlier report based on the agreement we achieved before the last recess weeks ago. I think that it is a good piece of legislation. I think it should pass. It includes consumer protections and balance that were lacking from the House-passed bill and builds upon the narrower provisions of the Senate-passed bill to include some additional provisions regarding record retention.  Originally, there were some who wanted to pass a digital signature bill almost for the sake of passing one. Fortunately, cooler heads prevailed in both parties but also among the industry. I think most of those in the various industries that will be affected, who want an electronic signature bill, realize they have to have something that would have consumer protection in it. Otherwise, we could see companies that do not have a strong sense of consumer ethics misuse the bill. The public reaction would be such that a subsequent Congress would wipe out all the gains we made.  What has happened now is we have written in good protections. The best companies, those companies that value their reputation and are in for the long haul, will follow these rules without any hesitation. But companies that may think of this as a chance to make profits--sudden profits--from people who are not computer literate, people who are just coming across the digital divide, they will be stopped from preying on the innocent.  I think it is a good piece of legislation, as I said. A number of us, Republicans and Democrats, worked very hard on this. Now we do have a good bill. In the Senate, Chairman McCain and Senator Hollings, Senator Hatch and I and Senator Gramm and SenatorSarbanes all participated in this conference, and from the House, Chairman Bliley and Congressman Dingell, worked to put this together. On our side Senator Wyden made significant contributions, as well.  I urge, when this does come to the Senate floor, that it be passed, I hope unanimously.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  