President, I am glad to see the Senate confirming Judge Johnnie Rawlinson to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals today. She will be an outstanding member of that Circuit. I thank Senator Reid for all of his hard work on this nomination. I also commend our Democratic Leader for getting Judge Rawlinson and the other nominations reported yesterday confirmed by unanimous consent today. No one has worked harder than Senator Daschle to try to get the Senate to act on President Clinton's judicial nominees and I thank him for his dedicated efforts.  On July 13, 2000, President Clinton spoke before the NAACP Convention in Baltimore and lamented the fact that the Senate has been slow to act on his judicial nominees who are women and minorities. He said: ``The quality of justice suffers when highly-qualified women and minority candidates, fully vetted, fully supported by the American Bar Association, are denied the opportunity to serve for partisan political reasons.'' He went on to say: ``The face of injustice is not compassion; it is indifference, or worse. For the integrity of the courts and the strength of our Constitution, I ask the Republicans to give these people a vote. Vote them down if you don't want them on.'' I wholeheartedly agree with the President.  I was encouraged to hear Senator Lott recently and repeatedly say that he continues to urge the Judiciary Committee to make progress on judicial nominations. The Majority Leader said: ``There are a number of nominations that have had hearings, nominations that are ready for a vote and other nominations that have been pending for quite some time and that should be considered.'' He went on to note that the groups of judges he expects us to report to the Senate will include ``not only district judges but circuit judges.''  The United States Senate is the scene where some 50 years ago, in October 1949, the Senate confirmed President Truman's nomination of William Henry Hastie to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, the first Senate confirmation of an African American to our federal district courts and courts of appeal. This Senate is also where some 30 years ago the Senate confirmed President Johnson's nomination of Thurgood Marshall to the United States Supreme Court.  And this is where last October, the Senate wrongfully rejected President Clinton's nomination of Justice Ronnie White. That vote made me doubt seriously whether this Senate, serving at the end of a half century of progress, would have voted to confirm Judge Hastie or Justice Marshall.  On October 5, 1999, the Senate Republicans voted in lockstep to reject the nomination of Justice Ronnie White to the federal court in Missouri--a nomination that had been waiting 27 months for a vote. For the first time in almost 50 years a nominee to a federal district court was defeated by the United States Senate. There was no Senate debate that day on the nomination. There was no open discussion--just that which took place behind the closed doors of the Republican caucus lunch that led to the party-line vote.  It is unfortunate that the Republican Senate has on a number of occasions delayed consideration of too many women and minority nominees. The treatment of Judge Richard Paez and Marsha Berzon are examples from earlier this year. Both of these nominees were eventually confirmed this past March by wide margins.  I have been calling for the Senate to work to ensure that all nominees are given fair treatment, including a fair vote for the many minority and women candidates who remain pending.  The bipartisan Task Force on Judicial Selection of Citizens for Independent Courts has recommended that the Senate complete its consideration of judicial nominations within 60 days.  Governor Bush of Texas recently also proposed that presidential nominations be acted upon by the Senate within 60 days.  Of the 34 judicial nominations currently pending, 26 have already been pending for more than 60 days without Senate action. Already this Congress 83 nominees, including 56 eventually confirmed, have had to wait longer than 60 days for Senate action. I urge the Senate to do better.  The Senate should be moving forward to consider the nominations of Judge James Wynn, Jr. and Roger Gregory to the Fourth Circuit. When confirmed, Judge Wynn and Mr. Gregory will be the first African-Americans to serve on the Fourth Circuit and will each fill a judicial emergency vacancy. Fifty years has passed since the confirmation of Judge Hastie to the Third Circuit and still there has never been an African-American on the Fourth Circuit. The nomination of Judge James A. Beaty, Jr., was previously sent to us by President Clinton in 1995. That nomination was never considered by the Senate Judiciary Committee or the Senate and was returned to President Clinton without action at the end of 1998. It is time for the Senate to act on a qualified African-American nominee to the Fourth Circuit. President Clinton spoke powerfully about these matters last week. We should respond not be misunderstanding or mischaracterizing what he said, but by taking action on this well-qualified nominees.  In addition, the Senate should act favorably on the nominations of Judge Helene White and Kathleen McCree Lewis to the Sixth Circuit, Bonnie Campbell to the Eighth Circuit, and Enrique Moreno to the Fifth Circuit. Mr. Moreno succeeded to the nomination of Jorge Rangel on which the Senate refused to act last Congress. These are well-qualified nominees who will add to the capabilities and diversity of those courts. In fact, the Chief Judge of the Fifth Circuit declared that a judicial emergency exists on that court, caused by the number of judicial vacancies, the lack of Senate action on pending nominations, and the overwhelming workload.  I am sorely disappointed that the Committee has not reported the nomination of Bonnie Campbell to the Eighth Circuit. She completed thenomination and hearing process two months ago and is strongly supported by Senator Grassley and Senator Harkin from her home state. She will make an outstanding judge.  Filling these vacancies with qualified nominees is the concern of all Americans. The Senate should treat minority and women and all nominees fairly and proceed to consider them.  To reiterate, I commend and congratulate Judge Johnnie Rawlinson from Nevada who was confirmed to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. She is going to do an outstanding job on that circuit. Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, who worked so hard, deserves special mention as, of course, does Senator Dick Bryan for joining in support of her nomination.  I hope this is a mark that maybe we will do better in the Senate and start moving judges, similar to what a Democratic-controlled Senate did in the last year of President George Bush's term in office when we moved judicial nominations right through to practically the last day we were in session.  There has been a lot of talk about what should be done or should not be done, what is being held up or should not be held up. Whether it is an accident or otherwise, it is a fact that women and minorities take a disproportionate amount of time to go through the system. That does not look well for the Senate.  If I could make a recommendation, I would join an unusual ally in that. Gov. George W. Bush of Texas Presidential nominations should be acted upon by the Senate within 60 days. He said:       The Constitution empowers the President to nominate      officers of the United States, with the advice and consent of      the Senate. That is clear-cut, straightforward language. It      does not empower anyone to turn the process into a protracted      ordeal of unreasonable delay and unrelenting investigation.      Yet somewhere along the way, that is what Senate      confirmations became --lengthy, partisan, and unpleasant. It      has done enough harm, injured too many good people, and it      must not happen again.  Governor Bush is right. President Clinton has said virtually the same thing. I have said the same thing. The fact is, if you do not want somebody to be a judge, then vote them down, but do not do this limbo thing where sometimes they wait for years and years. Marsha Berzon waited 2\1/2\ years just to get a vote. They were not going to vote on this woman. When she finally came to a vote, she was confirmed overwhelmingly.  Richard Paez is a distinguished jurist, an outstanding Hispanic American. He waited not 1 year, not 2 years, not 3 years, but he waited 4 years for a vote, and then when his nomination was voted on, it was overwhelming.  Let us do better. Let's move on some of the names that are here, such as Kathleen McCree Lewis, Helene White, Bonnie Campbell, Enrique Moreno, and others who have been held up so long. Let's move on them. It can be done.  Mr. President, I thank my good friend from Kansas for his forbearance. He has now done enough penance for 1 day.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  