President, I am glad we are here. I commend Senator McConnell and also our counterparts in the House, Chairman Callahan and Mrs. Pelosi. The chairman, Senator McConnell, and I have worked closely together on this bill. In the same way I tried to accommodate those concerns of his side of the aisle, he has tried to do the same on our side. As a result, we have a good bipartisan bill.  We tried to meet everyone's concerns without putting in unnecessary earmarks or taking away the appropriate flexibility the President should have. We funded the President's important priorities, and I note that both sides of the aisle supported those.  I am disappointed, of course, as I am sure the Senator from Kentucky is, with the amount of time it took to get here. Finally, we are here. Had it been left to the two of us, we could have finished this bill before the August recess, but while we were told to make sure the cars in the train would follow, we were not allowed in the engineer's seat to get it down the track. It is here now, and it is a good result.  I am glad that we found an acceptable compromise on family planning that does not restrict what private organizations can do with their own private funds. That is only wise. After all, we have heard speeches forever from people here about how the government should get off the backs of individuals. We have finally agreed to do that. It was not easy. I give very high praise to Congresswoman Pelosi for her work on this.  I am also pleased that we include $425 million, the Senate funding level for family planning. This is not money for abortions. No funds in this bill can be used for abortions. This is money for family planning. So many countries I have visited are among the poorest of the poor, and they tell me that reducing the rate of population growth is one of their highest priorities but they lack the money to do so. They also say that when they have money for family planning, the number of abortions in their country goes down.  We provide adequate authority and funding for debt forgiveness. That had overwhelming support at the meeting the President had with Republicans and Democrats, members of the clergy across the ideological spectrum, representing all faiths and persuasions. I felt honored to be in that meeting.  One of our Senate guest Chaplains that week, Father Claude Pomerleau of the University of Portland, accompanied me there. I thank him for his advice and help on this. I should also say that Father Pomerleau is my wife's brother, my brother-in-law. Even the President said that it was probably Father Pomerleau's recommendation that got me into the White House, rather than my position that got him in.  In seriousness, on the issue of debt forgiveness, we want to help the world's poorest countries get out of debt. We also want to be sure they make the necessary economic reforms so they can stay out of debt in the future. It is not enough to say, look, we are going to pay your bills so you can get out of debt. It does nothing if then within a few years they are back in debt.  We provided aid to Serbia, subject to important conditions relating to Serbia's cooperation with the War Crimes Tribunal. Chairman McConnell, myself, as well as Senator Biden and others, strongly support these conditions.  The conditions do not take effect until March 31, 2001, and we do not intend the aid spigot to be opened wide before then. We expect the administration--this administration and the next one--to proceed cautiously. We will be watching, as appropriators, just how cautious they are. After all, administrations come and go, but the Appropriations Committee stays here, and we will be here to watch what is done next year.  We want to support the new Serbian Government, but only if it is truly democratic and respects the rights of its neighbors and also the rights of minorities. We expect the administration to treat the apprehension and prosecution of war criminals as a priority.  I am pleased with the amount of funds for HIV/AIDS. It is a $100 million increase above last year's level. We provided up to $50 million for child immunization, and substantial increases for programs to combat TB, malaria, and other infectious diseases.  There are a lot of other provisions I could mention, from restrictions on assistance for Peru--we did that because of the recent efforts to subvert democracy there. We hear the President of Peru make promises, but then take actions that belie what he has said. We put in additional funding for refugees. Unfortunately, we know that the reality throughout the world today is that there are more and more refugees. However, I strongly object to one House provision that was included. And I told the conferees that I objected. It is a $5.2 million earmark for AmeriCares. This is a private organization that does work in Latin America and other places. I cannot recall a single instance--certainly not since 1989, when I became chairman of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee; nor in the 5 years I have been ranking member, and the Senator from Kentucky has been chairman--when we have earmarked funds for a private organization such as this.  It was done here, as I understand it, because a 6-year, $5.2 million proposal of AmeriCares was rejected by AID. According to AID, the proposal was too high-tech to be sustainable in the country in question, and because some of the work was already being done by others. I suspect it was a proposal which would buy a lot of expensive equipment from some manufacturer somewhere but might not be something appropriate for that country.  Although AID suggested to AmeriCares that they submit a revised proposal, AmeriCares opted instead to seek a congressional earmark, ignoring the usual practice, and basically saying: Just give us the money. We will decide what to do with it.  I have no opinion on the merits of their proposal. But if you are going to be applying for Federal funds, you ought to follow the same rules everybody else does.  There are literally hundreds of PVOs that submit requests to AID, and many are rejected--some because they do not make sense, and others because there is not the money to fund them. Are we now going to give those other dissatisfied PVOs their own earmarks? It is a terrible precedent. It does not belong in this bill.  I will give you an example. I have fought to ban landmines all over the world. We have the Leahy War Victims Fund that spends millions of dollars every year for landmine victims. I wrote the legislation that was the first piece of legislation ever in any country to ban the export of landmines.  There are many NGOs and PVOs--that is, nongovernmental organizations and private voluntary organizations--that have come in and worked to get rid of landmines and care for landmine victims. Some are funded through the foreign aid bill or the defense appropriations bill. Some are funded through private donations that they raise. Many contact me because of my identification with this and say: Could I get Federal funding?  One of the nice things is that a lot of these--they are screened just before the money goes out. But can you imagine how it would be if we simply gave them the money just because it was requested by a Senator who wants to eradicate landmines?  It has always been my view we should let the experts judge the merits of these proposals, rather than just hand over the money to whichever organizations have the most political clout.  Some have complained--and I heard this morning--that this is a Republican bill. Others have said it is a Democratic bill. They are both wrong. Neither side got everything they wanted. There were significant compromises on funding and on policy by both sides. That is as it should be, especially for a bill that deals with foreign policy. And that is why I am proud to be here with the Senator from Kentucky, because we should not have a Republican foreign policy or a Democratic foreign policy. We should have a foreign policy that represents the interests of the United States.  We have had somewhat of an uneven record since the time when Senator Vandenberg spoke about ``politics ending at the water's edge.'' But on this bill, at least, Republicans and Democrats have come together.  It is interesting, too, because the Subcommittee on Foreign Operations of the Appropriations Committee has probably the smallest staff of any committee around here--on the Republican side, with Robin Cleveland, and Tim Rieser on our side, aided by just a couple of people whom I will mention later--to put this together. We don't have huge armies of people to help us, but maybe that is just as well because as a result, in the end, Senators talk to Senators. That is the best way to do things around here.  I see the Senator from Utah is on the floor.  I yield the floor and retain the remainder of my time.  