President, I was a conferee last year on the satellite television bill. I worked very hard, along with a number of my colleagues, to put in a provision that would have ensured the benefits of this bill would be shared by rural America through a loan guarantee program.  I appreciate the work of the Banking Committee under the leadership of Senator Gramm and Senator Sarbanes to report out a bill which provides a strong framework in which to move forward with this program.  I appreciate the majority leader, Senator Lott, and the Democratic leader, Senator Daschle, who worked out an agreement with the committee leadership that put the bill before the Senate today.  Senator Max Baucus of Montana introduced legislation with me last year. He has now joined with me on some very constructive amendments which I hope can be accepted.  I am here today to stand with rural America. I am proud to be a son of rural America. I know that oftentimes the needs of this special part of our Nation must be heard on the Senate floor.  I am not trying to change the main thrust or the intent of this committee-reported bill. My amendments don't alter the structure of the bill. My amendments simply say that I want the board, which will have the job of approving these loan guarantees for local-into-local television, to look at one thing. If we are going to have loan guarantees for local-into-local television, we should give additional consideration to the projects that can provide high-speed Internet access and emergency Weather Service reports to rural America.  If rural America is going to have high-speed Internet access, it is going to have to rely on satellite service; cable companies are not going to put wire out for it. For most of those parts of the country, they are not going to have the kind of fiber optics that might do it. But they can do it with satellite service.  I hope we will not allow a digital divide between urban America and rural America. Give us the special access through the satellite system.  For example, say the board that is going to do the loan guarantees has two equally balanced satellite systems that might give the same level of service, and at about the same cost, but one would offer high-speed Internet access to rural families; I say give that one the loan guarantee.  In America, there is a growing disparity between the digital haves and have-nots as portions of our society get left behind at the same lightning pace at which Internet develops. Our amendment closes this digital divide.  Having broadband, especially in rural areas, can provide opportunities to the handicapped, to the elderly, to education, and everyone, along with business opportunities and entertainment. Whether you are sitting on the dirt road at my home in Middlesex, VT, whether you are out in rural Utah, or whether you are in rural California, it means you can have the same kind of Internet business, the same kind of access to information, and the same kind of access to educational opportunities.  My amendment would ensure that as long as the loan guarantee is to be made, the high-speed Internet access ought to be financed under the loan guarantee program, if there is excess capacity.  All we say is, before the board gives a satellite company a loan guarantee to provide rural satellite service, ask, first and foremost, Will you provide high-speed Internet access for the people in rural America? If you do, you have a better chance of being supported.  I want to provide a little history on this matter. A provision which we offered to conferees last year would have provided up to $1.25 billion in loanguarantees to help finance the delivery of local broadcast stations to rural America. I pushed for that amendment because certain satellite companies were concerned that they could not cost-efficiently provide ``local-into-local'' satellite service to markets more rural than about the top 60 to 70 markets. That meant that bigger cities would get the local broadcast television service but that rural areas, by and large, would not.  Other Senators, not on the conference were also vitally interested in providing this service to rural America. I know that Senator Burns and his key staffer on this issue Mike Rawson worked long and hard to get this language included in conference.  In addition, Senator Baucus introduced a bill which I cosponsored to address these rural concerns after efforts to include it in the conference report failed.  I do not want to be misunderstood, I want to point out that the leaders of the satellite industry--such as Charlie Ergen of EchoStar who is known for his creative and innovative ideas--want to provide this local service.  I want to congratulate Charlie Ergen for his recent partnership with iSKY which will offer consumers two-way wireless broadband access via satellite along with satellite television service. This broadband access will be 30 times faster than current dial-up speeds of 56k according to news accounts. Charlie has often been a leader in this arena and he has done it again.  I also want to point out that in Montana or my home state of Vermont, or in Alaska, or a Great Plains state, or elsewhere, receiving local broadcast television over satellite is more than entertainment.  Local television provides local weather, local news about emergencies, and local public affairs programming. It is a way for residents to better participate in government and to more effectively influence local government, school board or zoning decisions.  This bill that we are debating is indeed very important.  I need to emphasize a very important point. Section 336 of the Communications Act of 1934 sets forth requirements for the rollout to digital television. This bill in no way is intended to alter or change those requirements.  Thus, it is imperative for the Board to only approve loans made to finance a local television signal delivery system that will be forward compatible and in compliance with the digital television rollout requirements in the Communications Act.  It is thus common sense that applicants for loan guarantees under this legislation must be able to show that the proposed signal delivery system will be forward compatible. Applicants should be required to show how their proposed delivery system can be readily adapted to deliver local television signals in a format compatible with the digital rollout requirements. Without this, I do not see how the loans could be other than risky.  This conversion to digital television also cannot be ignored. I have met with Jim Goodmon, the CEO of Capitol Broadcasting, on this matter and appreciate his visionary role and his willingness to take the lead. Digital TV is more than just a crystal clear moving picture. Digital TV can use multiple channels and datacasting on their single digital channel to better serve the public. I have been advised that the same digital bandwidth used to broadcast HDTV can also transmit as many as three video channels and a data signal on the single digital channel.  Thus, during the recent floods that devastated North Carolina, WRAL-HDTV, a digital station in Raleigh, was able to simultaneously broadcast on one digital channel: coverage of a basketball game; continuous local news on flood conditions; the continuous sweep of the local Doppler radar showing where the rainfall was the most severe and the direction of the storm; and, a data broadcast alongside the video services that enabled home computer access to specific flood, traffic, rainfall and emergency information. Jim Goodmon and his staff down in Raleigh did a great job during this crisis and I commend them.  Thus, I do not want loans under this bill to interfere with the rollout under the Communications Act. Rural America deserves digital service along with urban America.  I want to raise an additional matter. I am concerned that additional steps will be needed to assure full competition in rural areas and convenience to consumers. In a nutshell, multiple providers of satellite service may be needed in many areas to provide service to rural customers. However, if the set top boxes and satellite dishes are incompatible with these systems then competition will be reduced and consumers will receive fewer services or have to purchase additional satellite receivers at an additional cost of hundreds of dollars.  This same integration or interoperability problem exists regarding program and schedule information. Access to program and schedule information would enable third party satellite providers to create integrated program guides. This would enhance consumer choices and provide more competition.  Resolving these interoperability problems so that multiple satellite TV signals, offered by competitors, can be accessed by consumers in a convenient and inexpensive way is in the public interest. The FCC should use all its authority to resolve these matters.  In addition to the points I have just made, and the amendments I have offered, I want to point out improvements in the bill which I hope can be addressed at conference. I believe that the three-person Board should have more of an oversight and loan approval role and less of a day-by-day management role. The management of the program should be with the Administrator of the Rural Utilities Service. For example, references to the Board on page 28 should be struck and the Administrator and the Board should work out the regulations together.  Also, the Board should delegate responsibility for loan guarantees of up to $50 million to the Administrator.  It is also important, to assure that this bill is not biased toward the cable industry, that spectrum rights be allowed to be purchased or leased with the guaranteed loans. If cable borrowers will be able to purchase cable and install that cable using the guaranteed loans then satellite borrows should be able to use the loan proceeds for spectrum rights, which is their medium to deliver signals.  I also support the amendment offered by Senators Thomas and Johnson that would allow the Federal Financing Bank and the National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation to participate in these loan guarantee programs. They could offer borrowers a lower rate than commercial banks and should not be excluded from this process.  In section 4(f) the full $1.25 billion in aggregate for all loans should not be artificially limited by including other debt in the $1.25 billion. In section 5(h) the Administrator, in consultation with the Board, should establish and approve the credit risk premiums and amounts.  To ensure that the Administrator can best protect the interests of the United States the text on lines 3 through 10 of page 38 should be replaced with the following: ``after exercising of rights and remedies by the Administrator any shortfall in the guarantee amount''. This would allow the Administrator working with the Board to restructure a loan if that were the best way to protect the government's interest. I am very nervous about section 5.  The Administrator should have more responsibility to manage the program. Daily management by a 3-member board that does not meet daily will not work very well. Also, section 5(l) appears to give state courts jurisdiction over the United States.  I am also worried about that unless more flexibility is provided under section 4(d)(2) and (3) that excellent loans for excellent projects will be needlessly denied because of the timing of when paperwork is done, or when the FCC approves certain regulations, or when spectrum rights are obtained. Also, the unnecessarily constraining collateral, security, insurance and lien requirements will make it very difficult for the program to work well. These duplicative constraints do not provide additional protection for the United States.  I will urge the conferees to provide a strong oversight role for the Board, greater ability of the Administrator to manage the day-to-day operations, more flexibility for the Administrator, a more level playing field with respect to cable TV, and other improvements.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  