President, the Presidential Threat Protection Act, H.R. 3048, is a high priority for the Secret Service and the Service's respected Director, Brian Stafford, and I am pleased that this legislation is passing the Senate today, along with legislation that Senators Thurmond, Hatch and I have crafted to assist the U.S. Marshals Service in apprehending fugitives.  The Presidential Threat Protection Act, H.R. 3048, would expand or clarify the Secret Service's authority in four ways. First, the bill would amend current law to make clear it is a federal crime, which the Secret Service is authorized to investigate, to threaten any current or former President or their immediate family, even if the person is not currently receiving Secret Service protection and including those people who have declined continued protection, such as former Presidents, or have not yet received protection, such as major Presidential and Vice-Presidential candidates and their families.  Second, the bill would incorporate in statute certain authority, which is currently embodied in a classified Executive Order, PDD 62, clarifying that the Secret Service is authorized to coordinate, design, and implement security operations for events deemed of national importance by the President ``or the President's designee.''  Third, the bill would establish a ``National Threat Assessment Center' within the Secret Service to provide training to State, local and other Federal law enforcement agencies on threat assessments and public safety responsibilities.  Finally, the bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to issue administrative subpoenas for investigations of ``imminent'' threats made against an individual whom the service is authorized to protect. The Secret Service has requested that the Congress grant this administrative subpoena authority to expedite investigation procedures particularly in situations where an individual has made threats against the President and is en route to exercise those threats.  ``Administrative subpoena'' is the term generally used to refer to a demand for documents or testimony by an investigative entity or regulatory agency that is empowered to issue the subpoena independently and without the approval of any grand jury, court or other judicial entity. I am generally skeptical of administrative subpoena power. Administrative subpoenas avoid the strict grant jury secrecy rules and the documents provided in response to such subpoenas are, therefore, subject to broader dissemination. Moreover, since investigative agents issue such subpoenas directly, without review by a judicial officer or even a prosecutor, fewer ``checks'' are in place to ensure the subpoena is issued with good cause and not merely as a fishing expedition.  H.R. 3048 addresses these general concerns with the following procedural safeguards, some of which would apply not only to the new administrative subpoena authority of the Secret Service but also to current administrative subpoena authority granted to the FBI to issue administrative subpoenas in cases involving child abuse, child sexual exploitation, and Federal health care offenses.  The new administrative subpoena authority in threat cases may only be exercised by the Secretary of the Treasury upon determination of the Director of the Secret Service that the threat is imminent, and the Secret Service must notify the Attorney General of the issuance of each subpoena. I should note that this requirement will help ensure that administrative subpoenas will be used in only the most significant investigations since obtaining the authorization for such a subpoena from senior Treasury and Secret Service personnel may take longer than simply going to the local U.S. Attorney's office to get a grand jury subpoena.  The bill would limit the scope of both current and new administrative subpoena authority of the FBI for obtaining records in child sex abuse and exploitation cases from Internet Service Providers to the name, address, local and long distance telephone billing records, telephone number or services used by a subscriber.  The bill would also expressly allow a person whose records are demanded pursuant to an administrative subpoena to contest the administrative subpoena by petitioning a federal judge to modify or set aside the subpoena.  The bill would authorize a court to order non-disclosure of the administrative subpoena for up to 90 days (and up to a 90 day extension) upon a showing that disclosure would adversely affect the investigation in an enumerated way.  Upon written demand, the agency must return the subpoenaed records or things if no case or proceedings arise from the production of records ``within a reasonable time.''  The administrative subpoena may not require production in less than 24 hours after service so agencies may have to wait for at least a day before demanding production.  The Senate amendment to H.R. 3048 would modify the House-passed version, which provides that violation of the administrative subpoena is punishable by fine or up to five years' imprisonment. This penalty provision in the House version of the bill is both unnecessary and excessive since current law already provides that failure to comply with the subpoena may be punished as a contempt of court--which iseither civil or criminal. See 18 U.S.C. Sec. 3486(c). Under current law, the general term of imprisonment for some forms of criminal contempt is up to six months. See, e.g., 18 U.S.C. Sec. 402. The Senate amendment would strike that provision in the House bill.  Secret Service protective function Privilege. While passage of this legislation will assist the Secret Service in fulfilling its critical mission, this Congress is unfortunately coming to a close without addressing another significant challenge to the Secret Service's ability to fulfill its vital mission of protecting the life and safety of the President and other important persons. I refer to the misguided and unfortunately successful litigation of Special Counsel Kenneth Starr to compel Secret Service agents to answer questions about what they may have observed or overheard while protecting the life of the President.  As a result of Mr. Starr's zealous efforts, the courts refused to recognize a protective function privilege and required that at least seven Secret Service officers appear before a federal grand jury to respond to questions regarding President Clinton, and others. In re Grand Jury Proceedings, 1998 W.L. 272884 (May 22, 1998 D.C.), affirmed 1998 WL 370584 (July 7, 1998 D.C. Cir) (per curiam). These recent court decisions, which refused to recognize a protective function privilege, could have a devastating impact upon the Secret Service's ability to provide effective protection. The Special Counsel and the courts ignored the voices of experience--former Presidents, Secret Service Directors, and others--who warned of the potentially deadly consequences. The courts disregarded the lessons of history. We cannot afford to be so cavalier; the stakes are just too high.  In order to address this problem, I introduced the Secret Service Protective Privilege Act, S. 1360, on July 13, 1999, to establish a Secret Service protective function privilege so Secret Service agents will not be put in the position of revealing private information about protected officials as Special Prosecutor Kenneth Starr compelled the Secret Service to do with respect to President Clinton. Unfortunately, the Senate Judiciary Committee took no action on this legislation in this Congress.  Few national interests are more compelling than protecting the life of the President of the United States. The Supreme Court has said that the nation has ``an overwhelming interest in protecting the safety of its Chief Executive and in allowing him to perform his duties without interference from threats of physical violence.'' Watts v. United States, 394 U.S. 705, 707 (1969). What is at stake is not merely the safety of one person: it is the ability of the Executive Branch to function in an effective and orderly fashion, and the capacity of the United States to respond to threats and crises. Think of the shock waves that rocked the world in November 1963 when President Kennedy was assassinated. The assassination of a President has international repercussions and threatens the security and future of the entire nation.  The threat to our national security and to our democracy extends beyond the life of the President to those in direct line of the Office of the President--the Vice President, the President-elect, and the Vice President elect. By Act of Congress, these officials are required to accept the protection of the Secret Service--they may not turn it down. This statutory mandate reflects the critical importance that Congress has attached to the physical safety of these officials.  Congress has also charged the Secret Service with responsibility for protecting visiting heads of foreign states and foreign governments. The assassination of a foreign head of state on American soil could be catastrophic from a foreign relations standpoint and could seriously threaten national security.  The bill I introduced, S. 1360, would enhance the Secret Service's ability to protect these officials, and the nation, from the risk of assassination. It would do this by facilitating the relationship of trust between these officials and their Secret Service protectors that is essential to the Secret Service's protective strategy. Agents and officers surround the protectee with an all-encompassing zone of protection on a 24-hour-a-day basis. In the face of danger, they will shield the protectee's body with their own bodies and move him to a secure location.  That is how the Secret Service averted a national tragedy on March 30, 1981, when John Hinckley attempted to assassinate President Reagan. Within seconds of the first shot being fired, Secret Service personnel had shielded the President's body and maneuvered him into the waiting limousine. One agent in particular, Agent Tim McCarthy, positioned his body to intercept a bullet intended for the President. If Agent McCarthy had been even a few feet farther from the President, history might have gone very differently.  For the Secret Service to maintain this sort of close, unremitting proximity to the President and other protectees, it must have their complete, unhesitating trust and confidence. Secret Service personnel must be able to remain at the President's side even during confidential and sensitive conversations, when they may overhear military secrets, diplomatic exchanges, and family and private matters. If our Presidents do not have complete trust in the Secret Service personnel who protect them, they could try to push away the Secret Service's ``protective envelope'' or undermine it to the point where it could no longer be fully effective.  This is more than a theoretical possibility. Consider what former President Bush wrote in April, 1998, after hearing of the independent counsel's efforts to compel Secret Service testimony:       The bottom line is I hope that [Secret Service] agents will      be exempted from testifying before the Grand Jury. What's at      stake here is the protection of the life of the President and      his family and the confidence and trust that a President must      have in the [Secret Service]. If a President feels that      Secret Service agents can be called to testify about what      they might have seen or heard then it is likely that the      President will be uncomfortable having the agents nearby. I      allowed the agents to have proximity first because they had      my full confidence and secondly because I knew them to be      totally discreet and honorable. . . . I can assure you that      had I felt they would be compelled to testify as to what they      had seen or heard, no matter what the subject, I would not      have felt comfortable having them close in. . . . I feel very      strongly that the [Secret Service] agents should not be made      to appear in court to discuss that which they might or might      not have seen or heard. What's at stake here is the      confidence of the President in the discretion of the [Secret      Service]. If that confidence evaporates the agents, denied      proximity, cannot properly protect the President.  As President Bush's letter makes plain, requiring Secret Service agents to betray the confidence of the people whose lives they protect could seriously jeopardize the ability of the Service to perform its crucial national security function.  The possibility that Secret Service personnel might be compelled to testify about their protectees could have a particularly devastating affect on the Service's ability to protect foreign dignitaries. The mere fact that this issue has surfaced is likely to make foreign governments less willing to accommodate Secret Service both with respect to the protection of the President and Vice President on foreign trips, and the protection of foreign heads of state traveling in the United States.  The security of our chief executive officers and visiting foreign heads of state should be a matter that transcends all partisan politics and I regret that this legislation does not do more to help the Secret Service by providing a protective function privilege.  The Fugitive Apprehension Act. The Senate amendment to H.R. 3048 incorporates into the bill the substance of the Thurmond-Biden-Leahy substitute amendment to S. 2516, the Fugitive Apprehension Act, which passed the Senate unanimously on July 26, 2000. That substitute amendment reconciled the significant differences between S. 2516, as introduced, and S. 2761, ``The Capturing Criminals Act,'' which I introduced with Senator Kohl on June 21, 2000. The Senate amendment to H.R. 3048 makes certain changes to S. 2516 to ensure that the authority granted is consistent with privacy and other appropriate safeguards.  As a former prosecutor, I am well aware that fugitives from justice are an important problem and that their capture is an essential function of law enforcement. According to the FBI, nearly 550,000 people are currently fugitives from justice on federal, state, and local felony charges combined. This means that there are almost as manyfugitive felons as there are citizens residing in my home state of Vermont.  The fact that we have more than one half million fugitives from justice, a significant portion of whom are convicted felons in violation of probation or parole, who have been able to flaunt court order and avoid arrest, breeds disrespect for our laws and poses undeniable risks to the safety of our citizens.  Our Federal law enforcement agencies should be commended for the job they have been doing to date on capturing federal fugitives and helping the states and local communities bring their fugitives to justice. The U.S. Marshals Service, our oldest law enforcement agency, has arrested over 120,000 federal, state and local fugitives in the past four years, including more federal fugitives than all the other federal agencies combined. In prior years, the Marshals Service spearheaded special fugitive apprehension task forces, called FIST Operations, that targeted fugitives in particular areas and was singularly successful in arresting over 34,000 fugitive felons.  Similarly, the FBI has established twenty-four Safe Streets Task Forces exclusively focused on apprehending fugitives in cities around the country. Over the period of 1995 to 1999, the FBI's efforts have resulted in the arrest of a total of 65,359 state fugitives.  Nevertheless, the number of outstanding fugitives is too large. The Senate amendment to H.R. 3028 will help make a difference by providing new but limited administrative subpoena authority to the Department of Justice to obtain documentary evidence helpful in tracking down fugitives and by authorizing the Attorney General to establish fugitive task forces.  Unlike initial criminal inquiries, fugitive investigations present unique difficulties. Law enforcement may not use grand jury subpoenas since, by the time a person is a fugitive, the grand jury phase of an investigation is usually over. Use of grand jury subpoenas to obtain phone or bank records to track down a fugitive would be an abuse of the grand jury. Trial subpoenas may also not be used, either because the fugitive is already convicted or no trial may take place without the fugitive.  This inability to use trial and grand jury subpoenas for fugitive investigations creates a gap in law enforcement procedures. Law enforcement partially fills this gap by using the All Writs Act, 28 U.S.C. Sec. 1651(a), which authorizes federal courts to ``issue all writs necessary or appropriate in aid of their respective jurisdictions and agreeable to the usages and principles of law.'' The procedures, however, for obtaining orders under the Act, and the scope and non-disclosure terms of such orders, vary between jurisdictions. Authorizing administrative subpoena power will help bridge the gap in fugitive investigations by providing a uniform mechanism for federal law enforcement agencies to obtain records useful for tracking a fugitive's whereabouts.  The Thurmond-Biden-Leahy substitute amendment, which previously passed the Senate, incorporated a number of provisions from the Leahy-Kohl ``Capturing Criminals Act'' and made significant and positive modifications to the original version of S. 2516. These improvements are largely incorporated into the current Hatch-Leahy-Thurmond amendments to H.R. 3048, which the Senate considers today. First, as introduced, S. 2516 would have limited use of an administrative subpoena to those fugitives who have been ``indicted,'' and failed to address the fact that fugitives flee after arrest on the basis of a ``complaint'' and may flee after the prosecutor has filed an ``information'' in lieu of an amendment. The prior substitute amendment and the current Hatch-Leahy-Thurmond amendment to H.R. 3048, by contrast, would allow use of such subpoenas to track fugitives who have been accused in a ``complaint, information or indictment.''  Second, S. 2516, as introduced, would have required the U.S. Marshals Service to report quarterly to the Attorney General (who must transmit the report to Congress) on use of the administrative subpoenas. While a reporting requirement is useful, the requirement as described in the original S. 2516 was overly burdensome and insufficiently specific. The prior substitute amendment and the current Hatch-Leahy-Thurmond amendment to H.R. 3048 would require, as set forth in the Capturing Criminals Act, that the Attorney General report for the next three years to the Judiciary Committees of both the House and Senate on the following information about the use of administrative subpoenas in fugitive investigations: the number issued, by which agency, identification of the charges on which the fugitive was wanted and whether the fugitive was wanted on federal or state charges.  Third, although the original S. 2516 outlined the procedures for enforcement of an administrative subpoena, it was silent on the mechanisms for contesting the subpoena by the recipient. The procedures outlined in H.R. 3048 address this issue in a manner fully consistent with those I originally outlined in the Capturing Criminals Act by allowing a person, who is served with an administrative subpoena, to petition a court to modify or set aside the subpoena.  Fourth, the original S. 2516 set forth no procedure for the government to command a custodian of records to avoid disclosure or delay notice to a customer about the existence of the subpoena. This is particularly critical in fugitive investigations when law enforcement does not want to alert a fugitive that the police are on the person's trail. Both the prior substitute amendment to S. 2516, which passed the Senate last July, and H.R. 3048, which the Senate considers today, provide express authority for law enforcement to apply for a court order directing the custodian of records to delay notice to subscribers of the existence of the subpoena on the same terms applicable in current law to other subpoenas issued, for example, to telephone companies and financial institutions. This procedure is consistent with provisions I originally proposed in the Capturing Criminals Act.  Fifth, S. 2516, as introduced, would have authorized use of an administrative subpoena in fugitive investigations upon a finding by the Attorney General that the documents are ``relevant and material,'' which is further defined to mean that ``there are articulable facts that show the fugitive's whereabouts may be discerned from the records sought.'' In my view, changing the standard for issuance of a subpoena from ``relevancy'' to a hybrid of ``relevant and material'' would set a confusing precedent. Accordingly, the current Hatch-Leahy-Thurmond amendment to H.R. 3048 amendment would authorize issuance of an administrative subpoena in fugitive investigations based on the same standard as for other administrative subpoenas, i.e., that the documents may be relevant to an authorized law enforcement inquiry.  Sixth, the original S. 2516 authorized the Attorney General to issue guidelines delegating authority for issuance of administrative subpoenas in fugitive investigations only to the Director of the U.S. Marshals Service, despite the fact that the FBI, and the Drug Enforcement Administration also want this authority to find fugitives on charges over which they have investigative authority. The substitute amendment to S. 2516, which previously passed the Senate, and the current Hatch-Leahy-Thurmond amendment to H.R. 3048, which we consider today, would authorize the Attorney General to issue guidelines delegating authority for issuance of administrative subpoenas to supervisory personnel within components of the Department. In addition, the current Hatch-Leahy-Thurmond amendment to H.R. 3048 would require that the Attorney General's guidelines require that administrative subpoenas in fugitive investigations be issued only upon the review and approval of senior supervisory personnel within the respective investigating agency and of the U.S. Attorney in the judicial district in which the subpoena would be served.  Seventh, the original S. 2516 did not address the issue that a variety of administrative subpoena authorities exist in multiple forms in every agency. The substitute amendment to S. 2516, which previously passed the Senate, and the Hatch-Leahy-Thurmond amendment to H.R. 3048, which we consider today, incorporates from the Capturing Criminals Act a requirement that the Attorney General provide a report on this issue.  Eighth, the current Hatch-Leahy-Thurmond amendment to H.R. 3048 would limit the use of administrative subpoenas in fugitive investigations to those fugitives who have been accused or convicted of serious violent felony or serious drug offenses.  Finally, as introduced, S. 2516 authorized the U.S. Marshal Service to establish permanent Fugitive Apprehension Task Forces. By contrast, the substitute amendment to S. 2516, which previously passed the Senate, and the Hatch-Leahy-Thurmond amendment to H.R. 3048, which we consider today, would authorize $40,000,000 over three years for the Attorney General to establish multi-agency task forces (which will be coordinated by the Director of the Marshals Service) in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury and the States, so that the Secret Service, BATF, the FBI and the States are able to participate in the Task Forces to find their fugitives.  The Hatch-Leahy-Thurmond amendment to H.R. 3048 will help law enforcement--with increased resources for regional fugitive apprehension task forces and administrative subpoena authority--to bring to justice both federal and state fugitives who, by their conduct, have demonstrated a lack of respect for our nation's criminal justice system.  I urge that the Senate pass H.R. 3048 with the Hatch-Leahy-Thurmond amendment without delay.  