I appreciate his courtesy.  I rise to offer an amendment to the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 2001. I am very pleased to be joined by Senators Kerry, Stevens, and Kennedy. Our amendment provides the family fisherman with the same kind of protections and terms as granted family farmers under chapter 12 of our bankruptcy laws. It was passed by the Senate last year as part of bankruptcy reform legislation, but I rise, once again, to briefly take the opportunity to explain the amendment and its importance to commercial fishermen in coastal States.  I do not condone those who use the bankruptcy code as a tool to cure their self-induced financial woes. I have supported and will continue to support reasonable reforms to the bankruptcy laws that ensure the responsible use of its provisions.  All consumers bear the burden of irresponsible debtors who abuse the system. At the same time, there are those who legitimately need the protection of our bankruptcy laws and who do not abuse it. I commend the Presiding Officer for striking the right balance in the legislation he has brought before the Senate.  I believe bankruptcy should remain a tool of last resort for those in severe financial distress. As those familiar with the bankruptcy code know, however, a business reorganization in bankruptcy is very different from a business dissolution. Reorganization embodies the hope that by providing a business with some relief and allowing debt to be adjusted, the business will have the opportunity to get back on sound financial footing and thrive. In that vein, chapter 12 was added to the bankruptcy code in 1986 by the Presiding Officer, the distinguished Senator from Iowa, to provide for bankruptcy reorganization of the family farm and to give family farmers ``a fighting chance to reorganize their debts and keep their lands.''  To provide the fighting chance envisioned by the authors of chapter 12, Congress provided a distinctive set of rules to govern the reorganization of a family farm. In essence, chapter 12 recognized the unique situation of family-owned businesses and the enormous value of the family farmer to the American economy and to our American heritage. Chapter 12 provides, for example, significant advantages over the standard chapter 13 proceeding, including a longer time period in which to file a plan for relief, greater flexibility for the debtor to modify the debts secured by their assets, and the alteration of the statutory time limit to repay secured debt. The chapter 12 debtor is also given the freedom to sell off parts of his or her property as part of a reorganization plan.  As the Chair well knows, chapter 12 has been a considerable success in the farm community. According to a recent University of Iowa study, 74 percent of family farmers who file chapter 12 bankruptcy are still farming, and 61 percent of the farmers who went through chapter 12 believe the law was very helpful in getting them back on their feet.  Recognizing the effectiveness of this law for farmers, I have supported making chapter 12 a permanent part of the bankruptcy code. Now I am proposing to extend its protections to the family fisherman as well as the family farmer.  In the State of Maine, fishing is a vital part of our economy and our way of life. The commercial fishing industry is made up of proud and fiercely independent individuals whose goal is to simply preserve their business, family income, and community. My legislation would afford fishermen the same protection of business reorganization as is provided to family farmers.  There are many similarities between the family farmer and the fisherman. Like the family farmer, the fisherman should be valued not only for his contributions to our economy and to our food supply, but also for his contributions to our heritage and our precious way of life. Like farmers, fishermen face perennial threats from nature and the elements, as well as from the laws and regulations that, unfortunately, can at times threaten their very existence.  Like family farmers, fishermen are not seeking special treatment or a handout from the Federal Government. They seek only the fighting chance to remain afloat so they can continue their way of life.  Recently I attended the Maine Fishermen's Forum, an annual event which provides the opportunity for policymakers to meet and discuss issues affecting our fishing communities. I spoke with many fishermen, and they told me they believe they need and deserve the protections granted under the bankruptcy code to others who face similar, often unavoidable problems. Fishermen should not be denied the special bankruptcy protections accorded to farmers solely because they harvest the sea and not the land.  Our amendment tracks closely how chapter 12 applies to family farmers. Its protections are restricted to those fishermen with a regular income who have total debt of less than $1.5 million, most of which, 80 percent, must stem from commercial fishing. Moreover, families must rely on fishing income for these provisions to apply.  The same protections and flexibility we grant to farmers should also be granted to fishermen. By making this modest but important change to our bankruptcy laws, we will express our respect for the business of fishing and our shared wish that this unique way of life, which so embodies the State of Maine, should continue.  I ask that at the appropriate time my amendment be considered. I am hopeful it will be accepted by the Presiding Officer and the committee's ranking majority member, and that it will be adopted as we continue the debate on the bankruptcy legislation.  