We are offering an amendment that will help Congress ensure that it provides States with an appropriate level of funding to develop and administer the student assessments that will be required under the BEST Act.  As do many of my colleagues, I want to make sure the Federal Government pays for its fair share of the costs associated with the assessment requirements of this important legislation. However, critical though it is that we have a system to determine whether or not our children are really learning, no one really understands or knows the cost of these assessments. We cannot see in the future, but the various experts have their own estimates of the assessment costs, and those estimates vary widely. Cost estimates range by orders of magnitude, and yet no comprehensive examination of these costs has yet been undertaken. Thus, we find ourselves in a dilemma of trying to estimate what the costs will be and figuring out the appropriate Federal share, but we really do not know the costs involved.  The amendment which Senator Conrad, Senator Hagel, and I offer requires the General Accounting Office to conduct a study of assessment tests and transmit its report to the chairman and ranking members of the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, the Labor-HHS subcommittees, the HELP Committee, and the education and workforce committee.  The report would have to be transmitted to Congress by May 31 of next year. This would provide the opportunity to incorporate GAO's estimatesinto our planning for the fiscal year 2003 appropriations cycle.  I also note that the testing requirements of the bill do not become fully effective until the year 2005. Congress would have a full 3 fiscal years to provide funding based on the estimates provided by the GAO.  The GAO study draws upon the best available data, including the cost or pricing data from each State that has already developed and administered statewide student assessments and from the companies that actually develop these tests. For example, the State of Maine has an excellent testing system that is used in three grades. It is well developed; it is of high quality. That will be the kind of information the GAO will gather in determining the cost of these assessments. Other States have taken different approaches to testing and have different costs associated with the tests they are now administering.  The GAO will determine the aggregate costs for all States to develop and administer the assessments required by the BEST Act, and the GAO will estimate how much of these costs will be expected to be incurred in each of the fiscal years 2002 through 2008. The study determines assessment development and administrative costs for each State.  In addition to looking at the aggregate, we want to look at what the experience has been and will be in each State. We have also asked the GAO to examine the factors that help explain the wide variations in the test costs that are now administered by States. This information will help Congress determine whether it is apportioning funds among the States in an equitable manner.  The General Accounting Office is particularly well suited to conduct this study. My staff has had extensive discussions with GAO to determine whether or not they will be able to conduct this important assignment. The GAO has broad experience in estimating the costs of governmental programs and analyzing the Federal Government's role in elementary and secondary education. Indeed, just last year the GAO completed a 50-State study of the title I program, which included an analysis of the efforts of the States to ensure compliance with key title I requirements and to hold local districts and schools accountable for educational outcomes. The GAO, therefore, is the right agency to conduct an impartial, thorough study of assessment costs.  The assessment provisions in the BEST Act are intended to help reach the goal of leaving no child behind. Yesterday, a bipartisan group talked with the President about the education bill. He, once again, very eloquently stated the premise of the bill of making sure that schools are held accountable for the education of each child, of making sure that no child, no matter what the family income or country of origin, is left behind. We want to make sure every child is learning. That is the inspiring goal of this legislation. That is why the President has proposed this assessment process--so we can assess whether or not each child from grades 3 through 8 is learning in the areas of reading and math. The education blueprint we are drafting will work only through a concerted, cooperative effort, where the Federal Government, States, and communities all share responsibility.  Senator Jeffords offered an amendment that passed overwhelmingly last month to provide a guaranteed stream of funding to States, beginning in the year 2002, in order to assess the performance of their students. Unless the Federal Government provides the States with $370 million in the year 2002 and an increasing amount in each of the succeeding 6 fiscal years, the assessment requirements in the bill will be delayed. In other words, we are making sure we are matching the requirements with the resources necessary for the Federal Government to help States and local school districts fulfill the requirements of this new legislation.  The BEST Act requires a great deal from our schools and from our States. For the first time, we are requiring accountability in a meaningful way. We are requiring that all students, and in particular our disadvantaged and low-income students, show improvement in their academic achievement from year to year. We need to provide adequate funding to help States develop high-quality assessment tools. At the same time, we just don't want to write a blank check to the testing companies. Such an approach would sap the incentive of companies to develop student assessments efficiently and cost effectively.  The solution is information. We need to have solid, well-researched data to make the best decisions possible when determining funding levels to support the States' testing systems over the next several years.  Now is the ideal time to authorize a thorough study by the GAO to gather the information we need. Since States and local school districts will be in the first year of assessment development and implementation next year, it is the perfect time to gather the critical information on which to base future funding decisions. The GAO report will provide the information we need to make the right decisions based on actual State experience and the best available data and informed projections.  I urge my colleagues to support this reasonable addition to the education reform bill. I urge my colleagues to support the Collins-Conrad amendment.  