President, let's get this straight. Whether the amendment of the Senator from Michigan passes or whether my amendment passes, the Senate Finance Committee is still going to have to report legislation repealing the 15-percent cut. There is no absolute guarantee under either version.  The fact is, under the Collins amendment there is far more likelihood that we will see repeal of the 15-percent cut because I specifically set aside the $13.7 billion in a reserve fund that can only be used to restore the 15-percent cut to eliminate the cut.  By contrast, the amendment of my friend and colleague from Michigan just increases funding in the Medicare account, with no guarantee that the money goes for home health care. Instead, she takes money out of the tax cut.  The approach I have sets aside the $13.7 billion specifically for the purpose of eliminating the 15-percent cut. There is far more of a ``guarantee'' that we will repeal the 15-percent cut under the Collins amendment than under the amendment offered by the Senator from Michigan.  I think it is unfortunate the Senator from Michigan has not joined on to the Collins amendment. I am very pleased to say, and appreciative of the fact, she is a cosponsor of the legislation that I have introduced, which more than 30 Members have cosponsored, to eliminate the 15-percent cut. If we are talking about what version of the amendment is more likely to bring about the goal that we both share, it is clearly the version I have offered which says that the money can only be used for home health care and for eliminating the 15-percent cut.  I also find it ironic that the amendment is being criticized now for exempting and providing a mechanism of safeguard for the Medicare HI trust fund. That has been an issue that has been repeatedly raised by Members of the minority party, by Members of the Democratic Party, as a concern about these amendments. In an attempt to respond to that concern, I make sure we shield the Medicare trust fund so it could not be tapped for this purpose and that this would be new money. To now hear criticisms of the amendment because we put in those safeguards strikes me as puzzling, to say the least.  Again, my goal is to make sure every elderly American who needs home health care, who wants to receive services in the privacy, security, and comfort of their own homes is able to do so. Home health care has become so important and we must ensure that our frail, vulnerable elderly receive the services they need.  I yield the floor but reserve the remainder of my time.  