President, Senator Domenici has been extremely helpful in drafting this amendment. I am grateful for his help. Senator Roberts has also been a real leader in this area.  I must say I am very disappointed to hear the comments of my friend and colleague from Michigan, Senator Stabenow. There is no one who has worked harder than I on home health care during the last few years. It was the legislation I introduced that was incorporated into the Medicare Refinement Act that we passed that restored some of the cuts to home health agencies.  I have been honored to work with the trade associations representing our Nation's home health agencies and have been very humbled and privileged to receive their awards as legislator of the year.  For my colleague to suggest that I am offering a sham or phony amendment and to somehow question my sincerity in trying to restore home health care is really most unfortunate and most disappointing.  This is, as the distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee said, a very real amendment. In fact, a reserve account is the fairest way to address this problem. We are still going to have to pass legislation, whether it is the amendment of the Senator from Michigan that is adopted or whether my version is adopted, to actually carry out the elimination of the 15-percent reduction. But my reserve fund amendment provides a mechanism to bring us closer to that goal by reserving those funds that we need, that $13.7 billion that is necessary.  As I said, I am very disappointed and think it is very unfortunate to have my efforts misrepresented. I have worked extremely hard on this issue. I have introduced legislation that has bipartisan support, that has more than 30 cosponsors expressing support for home health care.  I have visited elderly people in Maine who are receiving home health care, and I know how absolutely critical it is to them.  On my most recent home health visit, I accompanied a very dedicated, professional, and compassionate home health nurse to a town outside of Bangor. This woman was receiving home health care while living with her daughter. She had lung cancer. But home health care allowed her to spend her final months of her life in her daughter's home--not in a nursing home, not in a hospital, but surrounded by her loving family.  I do not want anything to jeopardize the ability of such a woman and so many other Maine citizens and citizens across this country to receive the home health care services they need.  I visited another couple in my hometown of Caribou. They were both in their mid-eighties. One was in a wheelchair. Each of them had very serious health problems. Home health care allowed this elderly couple to stay together in their own home where they had lived for more than 60 years rather than be separated and having one sent to a nursing home.  That is how important home health care is, and there is no one who is more committed than I to making sure we undo the damage that was inadvertently done by the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 and the very burdensome and onerous regulations imposed by the Clinton administration.  I urge my colleagues to support the amendment that I and many others have offered so that we can bring ourselves a step closer to making sure we eliminate once and for all this 15-percent ill-advised cut in Medicare home health care reimbursements.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  