President, the Senator from Connecticut is such a strong advocate for our Nation's children. I have enjoyed working with him on so many issues. But as much as I admire him and share his commitment, I do rise in opposition to the amendment of Senator Dodd.  This amendment, although it is very well intentioned, is contrary to the goal of this education reform bill which is to give more flexibility to local schools and to States while holding them accountable for what reallycounts, and that is student achievement, ensuring that every child is learning, that no child is left behind.  Comparability of services is a concept that was created to make sure that title I schools get services comparable to those received in nontitle I schools. But the amendment of the Senator from Connecticut simply goes too far. It would, for example, require States to ensure comparability among schools in class size, in qualifications of teachers by category of assignments such as regular education, special education, bilingual education. It would mandate the same courses be offered, the range of courses, and how rigorous they are. It is extraordinarily prescriptive. It really turns on its head the whole idea of leaving to States and local communities the issues of curriculum design and teacher qualifications.  For example, we know very well the needs of schools vary from community to community. My brother, Sam Collins, is chair of the school board in Caribou, ME, my hometown. Through his efforts and efforts of other local leaders, the school system has established a bilingual education program in the elementary schools. It is a wonderful program. But under the Dodd amendment, that program would have to exist in every school in Maine. That is just not practical.  Similarly, in Portland, ME, we have a large number of students with limited English proficiency. That means there is a great need for ESL teachers and bilingual teachers in that school system. But in other more rural parts of Maine that need simply doesn't exist.  This amendment simply is impractical. It is just not workable, in addition to being contrary to the concept of allowing those who know our students best--our local school boards, our teachers, our parents, our principals, our superintendents of schools--to design the curriculum and provide the courses and other needs for a local school.  Schools differ. One school may need a gifted and talented program; another may need to improve its library; still another may need to establish an ESL program. In short, one size does not fit all. Yet that is the implication and the premise of the amendment of the Senator from Connecticut.  This amendment would shift the power away from local communities and local school boards to Washington. We want to, instead, empower local communities to make the right decisions and then, very importantly, hold them accountable for results. We want to change the focus from paperwork and process and regulation and, instead, focus on what really matters, and that is ensuring that every child in America gets the very best education possible.  We want to do that by holding schools and States accountable, not by telling them what courses they need to have, not by prescribing every rule, every regulation. Let's trust our teachers and our local school board members. Let's trust the local teachers and superintendents. They know best what is needed.  I urge opposition to the amendment of my colleague, Senator Dodd. Again, he is a strong advocate for our Nation's schools, and I have enjoyed working with him, but I believe his amendment goes too far and is misguided.  I retain the remainder of our time for our side, and I yield the floor.  