President, I am pleased to join my distinguished chairman, Senator Warner, in cosponsoring this amendment to increase the budget for defense by $8.5 billion in fiscal year 2002. This amendment would help address current readiness shortfalls that the Department of Defense faces today, even as the new administration continues its strategic review.  I am hopeful that this strategic review will not only examine these current readiness challenges, but also take a hard look at the current shipbuilding rate and our shrinking industrial base. The numbers are astonishing: the U.S. Navy has shrunk from a fleet of 594 ships in 1987 to 315 ships today, while, during the same period, deployments have increased more than 300 percent. Regional Commanders-in-Chief have repeatedly warned that the fleet is stretched perilously thin and needs to be increased to 360-ships to meet present mission requirements.  Numbers do matter; on a typical day about half the ships in the Navy are at sea, with one-third deployed in the Mediterranean, the Persian Gulf, and the Western Pacific, putting wear and tear on our ships and sailors. In addition to combat over the last 10 years, naval forces have conducted 19 non-combat evacuation operations, 4 maritime intercept operations with more than 5,000 boardings in support of United Nations sanctions or U.S. drug policy, 32 humanitarian assistance operations, and 20 shows of force to send powerful messages to friends and foes alike.  Even though our deployments are at an exceptionally high rate, the U.S. shipbuilding industry is at risk of deteriorating if the current inadequate build rate for the Navy continues. At the current low rate of production, thecost for per ship will go up and the efficiency at the yard will go down.  The new administration and this Congress will be faced with the challenge of rebuilding and re-capitalizing the Nation's naval fleet. The numbers are just as clear as can be: At the present rate of investment our Navy is heading toward a 220-ship fleet, which is alarmingly inadequate.  A few other critical areas that have seemed to get little attention in a budget constrained environment are research and development and training. Steps need to be taken today to attract and retain a highly-skilled workforce necessary to build the complex warships required for our U.S. naval ships to operate against the emerging and traditional threats in the 21st century. Regardless of the result of the strategic review, forward deployed combat power will not only be required, but will continue to be a key element to our strategic posture.  I am standing here before you to support Senator Warner's amendment and to highlight that the readiness issues facing our Nation's defense are only the tip of the iceberg in terms of the defense challenges facing the new administration and this Congress. Today's shipbuilding account is woefully under-funded and does not provide the financial support necessary to maintain a viable industrial base. We, as the legislative body, need to take aggressive steps to ensure that our armed forces are equipped with the most capable and advanced ships in the world to defend our Nation's interests.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I intend to vote for the amendment by Senators Landrieu, Carnahan, Conrad, Lieberman, Reed and Levin because I believe that providing for a strong national defense is our most serious obligation.  Two years ago, President Clinton sent a letter to Secretary of Defense Bill Cohen that stated: ``Although we have done much to support readiness, more needs to be done.'' President Clinton made this statement in response to a briefing he had attended with Secretary Cohen, the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Commanders-in-Chief of the military combat commands.  I applauded President Clinton then for his reversal of 6 previous years of vastly underfunded defense budgets and for the reversal of the Service Chiefs in 1998, who confirmed many of the alarming readiness problems that had been identified in countless sources.  The imperative for increasing military readiness and reforming our military is as strong today, as it was two years ago. Anyone who dismisses our serious readiness problems, our concerns with morale and personnel retention, and our deficiencies in everything from spare parts to training is either willfully uniformed or untruthful.  What concerns me the most is that the highly skilled service men and women who have made our military the best fighting force the world has ever seen are leaving in droves, unlikely to be replaced in the near future. Their reason is obvious; they are overworked, underpaid, and away from home more and more often. Failure to fully and quickly address this facet of our readiness problem will be more damaging to both the near and long-term health of our all-volunteer force than we can imagine.  The cure for our defense decline will neither be quick nor cheap. The proper solution should not only shore up the Services' immediate needs, but should also address the modernization and personnel problems caused by years of chronic under funding. The solution will be found by using a comprehensive approach in which the President, civilian and uniformed military leadership, as well as Congress, will be required to make tough choices and even tougher commitments.  I further hope that we do not fall into the trap of comparing defense expenditures of the U.S. versus potential threat countries, because dollar to dollar comparisons are meaningless. Only the U.S. has the global responsibilities that come with being the lone superpower. Our foes can employ asymmetric forces against our weaknesses and achieve a disproportionate level of success.  I was concerned that recently, the USS Kitty Hawk battle group, stationed in Japan, reported less-than-favorable readiness numbers, short some 1,000 sailors, at the same time that tensions have increased in the South China Sea.  I hope we do not focus solely on the readiness of front-line forces, because the Army divisions that have good readiness numbers are being supported by units that have less-impressive ratings. We need a comprehensive remedy, not a shotgun approach. These support forces, some of them reserve component forces, have become the backbone of our fighting forces and need the most attention.  This degradation of the ``tail'' that trains and supports the ``teeth'' of the U.S. military must be reversed. We have the world's finest military, but that is principally because the people in the military, primarily the young enlisted, our NCOs, petty officers, chiefs, Gunnies, and sergeants, continue to do more with less. Our ability to field credible front-line forces is due to the efforts of our service members, as we live off of the deteriorating remnants of the Reagan buildup. That is difficult to admit, until you review the list of aircraft, ships, artillery, and tanks in our current weapons inventory.  The administration must take several steps: propose realistic budget requests; specifically budget for ongoing contingency operations; provide adequately for modernization; ensure equipment maintenance is adequately funded; resolve the wide pay and benefits disparity that precludes the Services from competing successfully for volunteers with the private sector; and demonstrate strong support for additional base closure rounds.  