President, I am delighted that our opening prayer this morning was so eloquently delivered by my good friend, Father James L. Nadeau, the rector of the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Portland, ME, and a native of my hometown of Caribou, ME.  Father Jim is an inspiring testament to the power of faith and education. My family takes special pride in Father Jim because of our close connections growing up in Northern Maine. Both our families attended the same church in Caribou, Holy Rosary, where my mother was the director of religious education. Father Jim and his brother have both become priests. So we take special pride.  Father Jim has a truly inspiring story. He was the first member of his family to graduate from college, and he credits this accomplishment to the academic preparation and support he received from the Upward Bound program at Bowdoin College.  I wish to quote from Father Jim's own words, which describe his family background:       Growing up in a rural Franco-American background, I was      expected to follow my ancestors who for over 250 years were      farmers and woodsmen. . . . I recall my parents not even      wanting me to think about college. They could not afford it;      plus, no one had gone to college in my family. In fact, my      mother and father only studied to 8th grade. My mother, the      oldest girl of 15 children, had to stay home and take care of      her brothers and sisters. My father, when just a teenager,      began working on the farms and at a french fry processing      plant.  For young Jim Nadeau, everything changed in his life when he first met the director of the Bowdoin College Upward Bound program in 1977. She encouraged him to go to college, and, indeed, after graduating from Caribou High School as valedictorian, he enrolled at Dartmouth College in the fall of 1979. With Pell grants and other financial aid making his education possible, he excelled in his studies.  After graduating from college, Father Jim studied at Gregorian University in Rome for 5 years where he received two graduate degrees in theology. Father Jim also worked with Mother Teresa of Calcutta in her Roman missions and was ordained a Roman Catholic priest in 1988. Father says that he truly can credit the Upward Bound program with changing his life.  We are, indeed, fortunate that the power of God and education transformed the life of young Jim Nadeau. He is an inspiration to us all and continues his important work today as rector of the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Portland, ME. There he has guided many financially disadvantaged students and encouraged them to go to college.  I am delighted to have him with us today. It is a great honor and privilegeto have this outstanding priest join us and offer to us his inspiring opening prayer.  I thank the Chair, and I thank my colleague.  