President, let me begin by saluting the outstanding leadership of Senator Kennedy and Senator Gregg. It is due to their tireless efforts, their commitment to a quality education, and their persistence and hard work that we can celebrate today the passage of landmark education reform legislation. It has been a great pleasure to work with them, with Secretary of Education Paige, and with the President to reach this day.  During the past year, it has been a pleasure to work with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle as well as with the President and the Secretary of Education on this landmark education legislation.  In approaching the reauthorization of the ESEA, I had three goals. One was to provide greater flexibility and more funding to our small or rural school districts. The second was to strengthen and put greater emphasis on early reading programs so that we could in fact achieve the goal of leaving no child behind. The third was fulfilling the Federal commitment to funding its share of special education costs.  I am very pleased that we will realize the first two objectives through the Rural Education Achievement Program as well as the Reading First Program included in this bill. Although I am disappointed by the failure of the IDEA mandatory funding amendments, I know the Senate support for IDEA full funding will carry over into next year. And it will remain one of my highest priorities.  The No Child Left Behind Act includes many innovative and promising reforms. Among the improvements is the Rural Education Achievement Program which I authored. The program would benefit school districts with fewer than 600 students in rural communities. More than 35 percent of all school districts in the United States have 600 or fewer students. In Maine, the percentage is even higher: 56 percent of our 284 school districts have fewer than 600 students.  Rural school districts encounter two specific problems with the current system of Federal funding.  The first is that formula grants often do not reach small, rural schools in amounts sufficient to achieve the goals of the programs. These grants are based on school district enrollment, and, therefore, smaller districts often do not receive enough funding from any single grant to carry out a meaningful activity. One Maine district, for example, received a whopping $28 to fund a district-wide Safe and Drug-free School program. This amount is certainly not sufficient to achieve the goal of that Federal program, yet the school district could not use the funds for any other program.  Second, rural schools are often shut out of the competitive grant process because they lack the administrative staff and the grant writers that large school districts have to apply for competitive grants from the Federal Government. So they do not get to participate in those programs at all. To eliminate this inequity and give rural schools more flexibility to meet local needs, our legislation will allow rural districts to combine the funds from four categorical grant programs and use them to address that school district's highest priorities.  In one school district, that might mean hiring a reading specialist or math teacher. In another, the priority might be upgrading the science lab or increasing professional development or buying a new computer for the library. Whatever the need of that district, the money could be combined for that purpose.  Let me give you a specific example of what these two initiatives would mean for one Maine school district in northern Maine. The Frenchville and St. Agatha school system, which serves 346 students, receives four separate formula grants ranging from $1,705 for Safe and Drug Free Schools to $10,045 under the Class Size Reduction Act. How do you fight drug use with $1,700? And how do you reduce class sizes with $10,000? The grants are so small they are not really useful in accomplishing the goals of the program. The total for all four programs is just over $16,000. Yet each requires separate reporting and compliance standards, and each is used for different--federally mandated--purposes.  Superintendent Jerry White told me that he needs to submit eight separate reports, for four programs, to receive the $16,000. Under our bill, his school district would be freed from the multiple applications and reports; paperwork and bureaucracy would be reduced, and the school would be able to make better use of its Federal funding.  The other problem facing small rural districts is their lack of administrative capacity. In some cases, the superintendent acts as the sole administrator. With such minimal administrative resources, the school district has no opportunity to apply for competitive grants. Here in Washington, we are surrounded by large urban school districts, each with more than 100,000 students and often having a central administrative office with specialized staff and professional grant writers. How can rural districts with a single administrator be expected to compete for the same grant opportunities?  To compensate for the inequity, our legislation provides supplemental funding. In the case of the Frenchville district, schools would receive an additional $34,000. Combined with the $16,000 already provided, the Rural Education Achievement Program would make sure the District had $50,000 and the flexibility to use these funds for its most pressing needs. That $50,000 can make a real difference in the education of school children in northern Maine. The district could hire a math teacher or a reading specialist, whatever it needed. The district could purchase technology, upgrade professional development efforts, or engage in any other local reforms.  With this tremendous flexibility and additional funding come responsibility and accountability. In return for the advantages our bill provides, participating districts would be held accountable for demonstrating improved student performance over a 3-year period.  The focus of the No Child Left Behind Act is accountability, and rural schools are no exception. Schools will be held responsible for what is really important--improved student achievement--rather than for time-consuming paperwork. As Superintendent White told me, ``Give me the resources I need plus the flexibility to use them, and I am happy to be held accountable for improved student performance. It will happen.'' I know most superintendents feel exactly the same way.  I am equally delighted that today's education bill will include significant new resources for early reading intervention programs. Unfortunately, today, in many schools, there are few services available to help a child who has a reading difficulty. Oftentimes, no help is provided at all until that child reaches the third grade and is identified for special education.  For students who have reached the third grade without the ability to read, every paragraph, every assignment, every day in the classroom is a struggle. They constantly battle embarrassment and feelings of inadequacy, and they fall further and further behind. It is no wonder so many children without basic reading skills lose their natural curiosity and excitement for learning.  The two new reading programs--Reading First and Early Reading First--in this legislation are based on the principle that if we act swiftly and teach reading effectively in the early grades, we will provide our children with a solid foundation for future academic success. Indeed, the best way to ensure that no child is left behind is to teach every child to read.  If a child's reading difficulty is detected early, and he or she receives help in kindergarten or the first grade, that child has a 90 to 95 percent chance of becoming a good reader. These early intervention programs work. They are a wonderful investment.  By contrast, if intervention does not occur during the period between kindergarten and third grade, the ``window of literacy'' closes and the chances of that child ever becoming a good reader plummet. Moreover, if a child with reading disabilities becomes part of the special education system, the chances of his or her leaving special education are less than 5 percent. So this is a program that is going to improve the quality of life for these children, help them to become successful, and, in many cases, will avoid the need for special education and all the costs involved in providing that kind of education. These are truly investments that make sense.  Other than involved parents, a good teacher with proper literacy training is the single most important prerequisite to a student's reading success. We also know that reading is the gateway to learning other subjects and to future academic achievement. That is why it is so important that this bill make such a national commitment to reading programs.  Reading First is a comprehensive approach to promoting literacy in reading in all 50 States. It will support the efforts in States, such as Maine, that have already made great strides under the Reading Excellence Act in promoting literacy. Indeed, I am very proud of the work the State of Maine has done. Our fourth graders lead the Nation year after year in reading and other subjects.  President Bush deserves enormous credit for placing reading at the top of our education agenda. The First Lady, Laura Bush, has also repeatedly highlighted the importance of reading. President Bush also deserves credit for being willing to work with us, the Members on both sides of the aisle, to hammer out the best possible education reform legislation.  Again, I thank the President for all of his efforts, and Senator Gregg and Senator Kennedy, because without their combined leadership we would not be here today. Thanks to their hard work, we have quality legislation before us today that will reform the public education system and bring our nation closer to the goal of providing every child with an opportunity to succeed.  With the improvements in rural education, and the emphasis in this bill on reading, flexibility, and accountability, as well as a host of other reforms, I am delighted to support this reauthorization of ESEA and to see our hard work and efforts over the past year come to fruition.  I am convinced this legislation is going to make a real difference for the children of our country.  