It is still harder to comprehend what must have been in the hearts and minds of people willing to commit such atrocities against their fellow human beings. It is very difficult to even find the right words to speak about the attack on America.  But speaking about it is something we must do. The American people and the Government of the United States of America must speak forcefully and with crystalline clarity. The families and friends of those killed or wounded in these awful terrorist attacks must know that the prayers of every American and of millions upon millions of people around the world are with them now.  The heroic firefighters, police officers, rescue workers, National Guardsmen, doctors, nurses, members of the clergy, and the citizens who are volunteering, who are even now struggling to save the lives of the surviving victims and to help grieving families, must know that our hearts and our deepest gratitude are with them in their vital work.  Our Commander in Chief and all the men and women of the Armed Forces, our law enforcement community, and our intelligence agencies must know that we stand behind them, as perhaps never before in my lifetime, as they set about with grim resolution to ensure that justice is done to those responsible.  And the evil people who planned and committed these atrocities--and all of those who may have aided and abetted them--must know that far from paralyzing the American people and dividing us fearfully against one another, what they have done instead is instantly to unite all of us into one people. We stand united in the solidarity of grief and commitment to our fellow citizens and utterly single minded in our determination to remain unbowed and to see justice done.  In fact, this is my fifth year in the Senate, and never have I seen the Senate more united and more determined than we are now.  These, then, are the messages we must send--and that we must keep sending with relentless determination. America may have lost a measure of our innocence, a degree of that special separateness that has helped us to keep our land of liberty safe from some of the storms that have long battered other peoples in an often turbulent world; we clearly are not as separate or as safe as once we thought. But no one--no one--should doubt our resolve and our resilience. It is in moments such as these that the special character of America can and should shine through with particular brilliance. It shines through in our sacrifices in helping fellow citizens in terribly trying times. It shines through in the sacrifices of those brave and heroic passengers who were on the jet that did not make it to the intended target. It shines through in our commitment, even in adversity, to the bedrock values that make our system of government worth protecting, even as those values draw the murderous ire of twisted souls whose only answer to the discourse of liberty is a vocabulary of violence, terror, and death.  As we care for survivors and comfort those who have lost loved ones, we also will set about finding those responsible. We must respond to these horrors in a way befitting our voices as free and united people. But let there be no doubt, respond we should and respond we will.  As difficult as it is to find a voice to talk about the horrors we have experienced, I believe by finding our voices amid such shock, rage, and pain we reaffirm our most cherished principles as citizens of the United States of America.  With God's help, we shall persevere, we shall find comfort in our grief, we shall find strength in the days ahead, and we shall hold those responsible for these attacks on America responsible for their actions.  Madam President, seeing no one seeking recognition, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  