President, every American is struggling to cope with the terrorist attacks of September 11 and subsequent events. Among those on the front lines in addressing these disasters are our military Reservists and members of our National Guard. Not only are these men and women grappling with the consequences of the catastrophe and the rigors of being mobilized for active duty, but many of them are also forced to worry about leaving college in the middle of their courses and making continued payments on their student loans. Will their tuition be reimbursed for courses that are interrupted? How will they keep up with their student loan payments while they are on active duty?  In my State of Maine, more than 10 percent of our National Guard members are making payments on their student loans and are faced with these very questions. As these Guard members and Reservists prepare to serve their country, the least we can do is alleviate their concerns about making payments on their student loans while they are on active duty.  Some of the families directly affected by the tragedies of September 11 are facing similar dilemmas. The dislocation in New York City and elsewhere caused by the terrorist attacks has jeopardized the ability of some individuals to meet their payment schedules on their student loans.  Lending institutions located in New York City are encountering yet another set of difficulties. A number of lenders are headquartered within a few blocks of ground zero. They, understandably, have been unable to meet the due diligence requirements set forth by the Department of Education. Several firms, in fact, were not even able to access their office buildings for many days after the attacks, let alone meet filing deadlines.  With those Guard members, Reservists, affected families, and lending institutions in mind, I am pleased today to introduce the Higher Education Relief Opportunities for Students Act of 2001. My colleagues, Senators Gregg, Reed, Warner, and Sessions, as well as the Presiding Officer, Senator Johnson, whose support and leadership I value greatly, have signed on as original cosponsors. The HEROS Act grants the Secretary of Education specific waiver authority under the Higher Education Act to provide relief to those affected by the recent attacks on America. The Secretary would be empowered to assist Reservists and Guard members who are being called up for active duty as well as others directly affected by the attacks.  The Secretary's new authority would be limited to ensuring that militarypersonnel and civilians are in the same financial position as they were prior to the terrorist attacks with respect to their student loans. And it has been drafted so as to not impair the integrity of the student loan programs.  The Secretary of Education is given some discretion under the Higher Education Act to defer payments on student loans. But this authority does not go far enough. The HEROS Act would empower the Secretary to take several additional steps to provide needed relief to help those directly affected by the terrorist attacks.  Specifically, the Higher Education Relief Opportunities for Students Act authorizes the Secretary of Education to relax repayment obligations for Guard members and Reservists called up to active duty, to provide a period of time during which the victims and their families may reduce or delay monthly student loan payments, and to assist educational institutions and lenders with reporting requirements.  All of these steps can be taken while still ensuring the integrity of our student loan programs.  This legislation is modeled on a previous law that was enacted during the Gulf War to provide relief for our men and women in the military. In short, there is precedent for authorizing the Secretary of Education to provide these kinds of relief.  I am pleased to be joined by five of my colleagues in introducing this bill, and I thank them all for their support. I also commend Representative McKeon for his leadership on the House version of the HEROS Act. His initiative will help ensure that we provide adequate student loan relief to Reservists, Guard members, and victims' families.  I look forward to the swift passage of this legislation.  Mr. President, I send the bill to the desk and ask it be appropriately referred at this time.  