President, I rise in support of the McCain-Feingold bipartisan campaign finance reform bill of 2001. I am very proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation which goes a long way towards reforming our campaign system.  I have long supported campaign finance reform. When I ran for the Senate from Maine in 1996 I promised my constituents that I would be a strong advocate for campaign finance reform. That pledge led to my decision to cosponsor the campaign finance reform that was introduced in 1997 by Senators McCain and Feingold.  Unfortunately, comprehensive campaign finance reform efforts have been thwarted in the past two Congresses. This time, though, we have reason for optimism due to new and renewed support.  The Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2001 takes a number of important steps towards fixing a broken system. First and foremost, the bill closes the most glaring loophole in our campaign finance laws by banning the unlimited, unregulated contributions known as ``soft money.'' ``Soft money'' has made the current law's restrictions and contributions from individuals, corporations, and unions essentially meaningless. Second, the bill requires disclosure by the sponsors of certain issue ads that corporations and labor unions run in the period leading up to an election. Third, the bill codifies the Supreme Court's decision in Communication Workers of America v. Beck to ensure that nonunion members are not obligated to subsidize the political activities of labor unions. And finally, the bill makes it clear that foreign nationals may not contribute any funds--hard or soft--to federal, state, or local elections.  My home State of Maine has a deep commitment to preserving the integrity of the electoral system and ensuring that all Mainers have an equal political voice. Mainers have backed their commitment to an open political process in both word and deed. In many regions of Maine, town meetings in which all citizens are invited to debate issues and make decisions are still prevalent. This is unvarnished, direct democracy. Maine's tradition of town meetings and equal participation rejects the notion that wealth dictates political discourse. Maine citizens feel strongly about reforming our federal campaign laws, as do I.  The problem with soft money was painfully evident during the 1997 hearings by the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs, chaired by my good friend, Senator Thompson. During those investigations, we heard from one individual who gave $325,000 to the Democratic National Committee in order to secure a picture with the President of the United States. We also heard from the infamous Roger Tamraz who testified that the $300,000 he spend to gain access to the White House was not enough and that, next time, he would spend $600,000. And we heard of individuals, such as Chinese cigarette magnate Ted Sioeng, who orchestrated nearly $600,000 in political contributions during the 1996 election cycle. Sioeng, we later discovered, was a self-described agent of the Chinese government.  Soft money donations soared in the 2000 presidential election cycle, nearly doubling from $262 million in 1996 to $488 million in 2000. At the same time, regulated, hard money donations increased a little more than 10-percent. Soft money, then, is the crest of the wave that has swamped our campaign finance system and shaken public confidence in our government. I applaud the bipartisan efforts of Senators McCain and Feingold and pledge my continued support to see this legislation become law this year.  