President, I am pleased to join with Senators Bond, Reed, Jeffords, Kerry, Roberts, Murray, Hutchinson, Levin, Enzi, Mikulski, Santorum, Hutchison, Chafee, DeWine, Helms, Specter, Murkowski, Warner, Bob Smith, Lugar, Snowe, and others in introducing the Home Care Stability Act of 2001 to eliminate the automatic 15 percent reduction in Medicare payments to home healthagencies that is currently scheduled to go into effect on October 1, 2002. The legislation we are introducing this morning will also extend the temporary 10 percent add-on payment for home health patients in rural areas to ensure that these patients continue to have access to care.  Health care has gone full circle. Patients are spending less time in the hospital. More and more procedures are being done on an outpatient basis, and recovery and care for patients with chronic diseases and conditions has increasingly been taking place in the home. Moreover, the number of older Americans who are chronically ill or disabled in some way continues to grow each year.  Concerns about how to care effectively and compassionately for these individuals will only multiply as our population ages and as it is at greater risk for chronic disease and disability.  As a consequence, home health care has become an increasingly important part of our health care system. The kind of highly skilled and often technically complex services that our Nation's home health agencies provide have enabled millions of our most frail and vulnerable senior citizens to avoid hospitals and nursing homes and to receive the care they need just where they want to be: in the security, privacy, and comfort of their own homes.  By the late 1990s, home health care was the fastest growing component of Medicare spending. The program was growing at an average annual rate of 25 percent. For this reason, Congress and the administration, as part of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, initiated changes that were intended to slow the growth in spending and make the program more cost-effective and efficient.  These measures, however, have unfortunately produced cuts in home health care spending that were far, far beyond what Congress ever intended. According to preliminary estimates by the CBO, home health care spending dropped to $9.2 billion last year, half the amount that was being spent just 3 years earlier, in 1997.  On the horizon is yet an additional 15-percent cut that would put many of our already struggling home health agencies at risk and which would seriously jeopardize access to critical home health services for millions of our Nation's seniors.  It is now crystal clear that the savings goals set for home health in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 have not only been met, but far exceeded. The most recent CBO projections show that the post-Balanced Budget Act reductions in home health will be about $69 billion between fiscal years 1998 and 2002. That is more than four times the $16 billion the CBO originally estimated for that time period, and it is a clear indication that the Medicare home health cutbacks have been far deeper and far more wide-reaching than Congress ever intended.  As a consequence, we have home health agencies across the country that are experiencing acute financial difficulties and cashflow problems. These financial difficulties are inhibiting their ability to deliver much needed care. Approximately 3,300 home health agencies have either closed or stopped serving Medicare patients nationwide--3,300, Mr. President. That is how deep these cuts were.  Moreover, the Health Care Financing Administration estimates that 900,000 fewer home health patients received services in 1999 than in 1997. This points to the most central and important consequence of these cuts. The fact is that cuts of this magnitude simply cannot be sustained without adversely affecting the quality and availability of patient care.  The effects of these regulations and cuts have been particularly devastating in my home State of Maine. The number of home health patients in Maine dropped from almost 49,000 to 37,545. That is a change of 23 percent. This means there are 11,000 senior citizens or disabled citizens in Maine who are no longer receiving home health services.  What has happened to those 11,000 individuals? I have talked with patients, and I have talked with home health nurses throughout the State of Maine, and I found that many of these patients have ended up going into nursing homes prematurely. Others have been repeatedly hospitalized with problems that could have been avoided had they been continuing to receive their home health benefits. Still others are trying to pay for the care themselves, often on very limited means. And yet others are going without care altogether.  A home health nurse in Saco, ME, told me of a patient who she believes ultimately died because she lost her home health benefits. She lost those nurses coming to check on her condition. The result was that she developed an infection that the home health nurse undoubtedly would have caught. The result was a tragedy in this case.  We have seen a 40-percent drop in the number of visits in the State of Maine and a 31-percent cut in Medicare reimbursements to home health agencies.  Keep in mind that Maine's home health agencies have historically been very prudent in their use of resources. They were low cost to begin with. The problem is, when you have cuts of these magnitudes imposed on agencies that are already low-cost providers, they simply cannot sustain the cuts and continue to deliver the services that our seniors need.  The real losers in this situation are our Nation's seniors, particularly those sicker Medicare patients with complex care needs who are already experiencing difficulty in getting the home care services they deserve.  I am very concerned that additional deep cuts are already on the horizon. As I mentioned, on October 1, 2002, an additional automatic 15-percent cut is scheduled to go into effect. We need to act.  Last year we passed legislation, the Medicare, Medicaid, and S-CHIP Benefits Improvement and Protection Act, which did provide a small measure of relief to our Nation's struggling home health agencies. It did, for example, delay by another year the 15-percent cut I have discussed this morning, but I do not think that goes far enough. The automatic reduction should be eliminated completely. We do not need it to achieve the savings estimated by the Balanced Budget Act. Those have already been far surpassed, and the implications for health care for some of our most frail and ill senior citizens are enormous.  The fact is, an additional 15-percent cut in Medicare home health payments would ring the death knell for those low-cost agencies which are currently struggling to hang on, and it would further reduce our seniors' access to critical home care services.  This is the fourth year we have fought this battle. To simply keep delaying this cut by yet another year is to leave a sword of Damocles hanging over our home health system. It makes it very difficult for our home health agencies to plan how they are going to serve their Medicare patients in the future. It encourages them to turn away patients who are going to be very expensive to care for, and it forces us to spend valuable time, energy, and resources fighting for repeal every single year--time and resources that would far better be spent ensuring the success of the Medicare home health prospective payments system.  The legislation we are introducing today would once and for all eliminate the automatic cut. It would also make permanent the temporary 10-percent add-on for home health services furnished patients in rural areas. That was included in the legislation last year. We would make it permanent.  As the Presiding Officer well knows, it is sometimes very expensive for home health agencies to deliver services to rural patients. They have to travel long distances, and it takes a long time to reach those patients. That all adds to the cost. In fact, surveys show that the delivery of home health services in rural areas can be as much as 12 to 15 percent more costly because of the extra travel time required, higher transportation expenses, and other factors.  This provision will ensure that our seniors living in rural areas continue to have access to critical high-quality home health services.  Mr. President, the Home Health Care Stability Act will provide a needed measure of relief and certainty for cost-efficient home health agencies across the country that are experiencing acute financial problems that are inhibiting their ability to deliver much needed care, particularly to chronically ill Medicare patients with complex care needs. I urge all of my colleagues to join us in cosponsoring this important legislation.  Let's get the job done once and for all this year. Let's repeal that 15-percent cut that otherwise would go into effect. Let's remove that uncertainty that is hanging over our home health agencies, and let's recommit ourselves to providing quality home health care benefits to our seniors and our disabled citizens.  