President, I rise this evening with my good friend, the distinguished senior Senator from Virginia, Mr. Warner, to offer an amendment providing tax relief to our Nation's teachers. We are very pleased to be joined by several cosponsors including Senators Cochran, Landrieu, Allen, Harkin, Reed, Gordon Smith, Mikulski, Hutchinson, and Dodd.  It would be difficult to script a more appropriate time for us to offer this important amendment. We stand now at the intersection of two debates, one on a bill to modernize and reauthorize the law that will define the Federal Government's role over the next 7 years in educating our Nation's children, the other a landmark tax relief bill of which we are beginning consideration today.  Our amendment joins some of the best elements of each. It is good both for tax policy and for education policy.In the midst of the education and tax debates, we are asking our colleagues in the Senate now to overlook the selfless efforts of teachers and the financial sacrifices they make to improve their instructional skills and the classrooms in which they teach.  Senator Warner deserves enormous credit for focusing the Senate's attention, through a sense-of-the-Senate resolution to the education bill, on the need to provide tax relief for our teachers.  Our teachers serve such a critical role in the education and the development of our children. This amendment, the amendment Senator Warner offered to the education bill, expressed the sense of the Senate that the Congress should pass legislation providing teachers with tax relief in recognition of the many out-of-pocket, unreimbursed expenses they incur to improve the education of our children.  The amendment we offer tonight is the legislation Senator Warner's sense-of-the-Senate resolution contemplated, and which I was proud to cosponsor. It earlier passed by a vote of 95-3.  Our proposal is targeted to support the expenditures of teachers who strive for excellence beyond the constraints of what their schools can provide. Our amendment enjoys the bipartisan support of several of our colleagues, as well as the endorsement of the National Education Association and the American Association of School Administrators.  Let me briefly describe the provisions of our amendment. First, it would allow teachers, teacher's aides, principals, and counselors to take an above-the-line tax deduction for their professional development expenses.  Second, the bill would grant educators a tax credit of up to $250 for books, supplies, and equipment they purchase for their students. The tax credit would be established at 50 percent of such expenditures, so for every dollar in supplies a teacher spent, the teacher would receive 50 cents of tax relief.  According to a study by the National Education Association, the average public school teacher spends more than $400 annually on classroom materials. This sacrifice is typical of the dedication of so many of our teachers to their students. Oftentimes, teachers in Maine and throughout the country spend their own money, even though they are paid very limited salaries, because they want to improve the classroom experience for their students.  Recently I met with one such teacher, Idella Harter, the president of the Maine Education Association. She told me of the many books, supplies, rewards for student behavior, and other materials she just routinely purchases for her classrooms. One year, Idella Harter decided to save all of her receipts for these purchases. She started adding up the total, and she was startled to discover that it exceeded $1,000. At that point, she decided to stop counting. But it is indicative of the kind of selfless financial sacrifice so many of our teachers make.  Idella Harter is not alone. Maureen Marshall, who serves in my office as my education policy adviser, taught public schools for 8 years in Hawaii and Virginia. In her first year as a teacher, she spent well over $1,000 of her own money on educational software, books, pocket charts, and other materials. Yet because of her tax situation, she could not deduct these expenses from her taxable income.  When we help our Nation's teachers, the ultimate beneficiaries are their students. Other than an involved parent, a well-qualified teacher is the single most critical element to predict a student's success. Educational researchers have demonstrated time and again the close relationship between highly qualified teachers and successful students.  Moreover, educators themselves understand just how important professional development is to maintaining and extending their levels of competence. When I meet with teachers from Maine, they repeatedly tell me of their need for more professional development. Yet there is a scarcity of financial support for this worthy pursuit.  I greatly admire the many educators who have voluntarily reached deep into their pockets to pay for additional training and course work for themselves, and also to finance additional supplies and materials for their students. By enacting these modest changes to our Tax Code, we can encourage educators to continue to take the formal course work in the subject matter which they teach and to avail themselves of other professional development opportunities.  The relief that our Tax Code now provides to teachers is simply not sufficient. By and large, most teachers do not benefit from the current provisions that allow for limited deductibility of professional development and classroom expenses. A new report by the American Federation of Teachers places the average national teacher's salary at about $42,000. In Maine, the average yearly starting salary for a public school teacher is just a little over $23,000. Yet these teachers, out of their own generosity, are reaching deep into their pockets to improve their teaching.  Now, under the current law, the problem is that teachers do not reach a sufficient level to be able to deduct the costs of their professional development and classroom supplies.  By allowing teachers to take the above-the-line deduction for professional development expenses and a credit for classroom expenses paid out of pocket, our amendment takes a fair, progressive approach that will provide a modicum of relief to our Nation's schoolteachers.  I should note that most of our colleagues have already voted for very similar legislation. Last year, Senator Kyl, Senator Coverdell, and I offered a similar amendment to the Affordable Education Act, which was adopted unanimously.  President Bush has eloquently stated:       Teachers sometimes lead with their hearts and pay with      their wallets.  Our amendment makes it a priority to reimburse educators for just a small part of what they invest in the futures of our children.  I hope our colleagues will join us in support of this important legislation. The NEA says it well:       Teacher quality is the single most critical factor in      maximizing student achievement. Ongoing professional      development is essential to assure that teachers stay up to      date on the skills and knowledge necessary to prepare      students for the challenges of the 21st century.  Thank you, Mr. President.  I would like to recognize the leadership of the senior Senator from Virginia whom, I believe, will be speaking next in favor of our amendment.  