President, under the McCain-Kennedy bill, the Federal Government could preempt existing State patient protection laws unless they had already enacted identical protections--not just similar ones, identical ones. The approaches taken by the 50 States to the same types of patient protections vary widely and with good reason in many cases.  Why should a State that has already acted on its own to provide strong, workable patient protections have to make extensive changes in their laws to comply with new Federal standards?  Let me give you a recent example from my home State of Maine. Maine is one of just 12 States that require health plans in the fully insured individual and small group market to provide coverage for routine costs for patients participating in clinical trials. During its consideration of this provision last year, the Maine Legislature made the decision to include only those clinical trials that were approved and funded by the National Institutes of Health. I would note, parenthetically, that this decision was one that was made by a legislature controlled by the Democratic Party.  What would happen under the McCain-Kennedy bill? Under that approach, Maine would have to go back and rewrite its law to include clinical trials approved or funded by the Department of Defense, the Veterans' Administration, and the Food and Drug Administration.  Why should the State of Maine have to revisit its law? The law that the State of Maine came up with to require coverage of certain clinical trials was carefully debated. It was thoroughly considered. And the Maine State legislature decided that this was the best approach for the citizens of Maine. Yet under the legislation we are considering today, Maine would have to change its law or have it completely superseded by the Federal Government taking over control of its health insurance market.  Let me be clear. I believe the Federal Government does have an important role to play in regulating the self-funded plans under ERISA. That is because, under current Federal law, States are precluded from applying patient protections to these Federal plans. That is why we need a Federal law to ensure that consumers enrolled in insurance plans beyond the reach of State regulators enjoy the same kinds of strong patient protections that apply to State-regulated plans.  As I said, and as you can see from the chart, the States have been extraordinarily active in this area. It is all well and good if Congress decides that it wants to impose a specific requirement or mandate on federally regulated ERISA plans, since States are, by law, precluded from regulating these insurance plans. But the Federal Government should not be in the business of second-guessing and overriding the carefully crafted patient protections that have been negotiated by our State legislatures and Governors to meet the needs of that State's citizens.  States that have seized the initiative and acted on their own should not have to revise their carefully tailored laws simply in order to comply with a Washington-knows-best, one-size-fits-all Federal mandate.  Moreover, what if the State has made an affirmative decision not to act in one of these areas for very good reasons, such as the reason I previously gave where a particular State may not have much managed care so that this debate is largely not relevant to its citizens? What if the State legislature, after much discussion and debate, has decided that a particular consumer protection simply isn't needed because the marketplace has already taken care of this issue?  Let's look at the consequences under the McCain-Kennedy bill of a State failing to enact an identical provision to the consumer protections in S. 1052.  The bill proposes, quite simply, a Federal takeover of State health insurance regulation. The Health Care Financing Administration, HCFA, would be charged with enforcing the new Federal standard.  Talk about a right without a remedy. In a report issued in May of this year--5 years after new Federal health insurance standards were enacted under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, the Mental Health Parity Act, and the Newborns' and Mothers' Health Protection Act--5 years after those laws passed, five States are still out of compliance, and Federal fallback enforcement in these States is virtually nonexistent.  Moreover, HCFA told the GAO that it has not even been able to fully assess whether or not the States have complied with the Mental Health Parity Act enacted 5 years ago, and that law is scheduled to sunset this year. Given the fact that the Patients' Bill of Rights--the version we are considering right now--is replete with new health mandates, consumers should be very concerned that HCFA has already proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that it is incapable of enforcing existing Federal insurance standards in States that do not conform. In fact, HCFA has shown that it is incapable of even assessing whether or not the States have complied with these limited Federal insurance standards. So what makes us think that HCFA could in any way take over the responsibility of regulating health insurance in States that do not comply to the letter with the standards in the McCain-Kennedy bill?  If HCFA has not been able to handle its limited responsibility under the laws that I mentioned, how in the world would it benefit consumers to provide for a Federal takeover of health insurance regulation in this area?  I think the answer is clear. It would be a tremendous disservice to consumers to have HCFA take over health insurance regulation. I know that my consumers, my constituents in Maine will have far better service and far better luck dealing with the Bureau of Insurance in the State of Maine in Gardiner, ME, than trying to call the ERISA office in Boston or the HCFA office in Baltimore. It is that simple.  As we consider Federal patient protection legislation, I believe that true deference should be given to the expert decisionmakers who know best what is appropriate for each State and who are most immediately accessible and accountable to that State's citizens.  Another of the myths--and there are many--in this current debate is that you can't sue your HMO. That, too, is not true. HMOs--even self-insured ERISA plans--can be sued in State court over quality-of-care treatment decisions. They can also be sued, under current law, in Federal court for injunctive relief to force them to provide needed care or to compensate the patient or provider for the value of the benefit, plus any attorney's fees. This is the exact same legal remedy that is currently available to us as Members of Congress under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Plan.  