President, I am pleased to be joining with my colleague from Wisconsin, Senator Russ Feingold, in introducing the Teaching Children to Save Lives Act which will help train a generation of potential lifesavers by providing funding for programs to teach children the basic lifesaving skill of cardiopulmonary resuscitation, or CPR.  Approximately 220,000 Americans die each year of sudden cardiac arrest. The American Heart Association estimates that about 50,000 of these lives could be saved each year if more people implemented what it calls the ``Chain of Survival,'' which includes an immediate call to 911, early CPR and defibrillation, and early advanced life support. The Teaching Children to Save Lives Act, which we are introducing today, will help strengthen the second link in this chain by providing grants to schools to implement CPR training programs. Schools could use these funds to work in conjunction with community organizations such as local fire and police departments, hospitals, parent-teacher associations and others to provide CPR training. The legislation authorizes $30 million over three years for the Department of Health and Human Services to award grants to States to support these community partnerships and to help schools train teachers and purchase materials such as mannequins. Those schools that are fortunate enough to have CPR programs will be able to apply for funding to help train students in the use of automated external defibrillators, a life-saving device that shocks a heart back to its normal rhythm when it stops beating.  We have all heard stories about situations where a school age child or teenager has been the witness, perhaps the only witness, to a heart attack or other health emergency. Many kids, and adults for that matter, simply don't know what to do in the face of such an emergency. Given the proper training, however, our young people are perfectly capable of responding to calmly and appropriately to a life-threatening situation.  For example, the Red Cross in Maine recently honored Sara Boyorak, a student at Bangor High School, for her quick response when her 22-month old nephew Blake, suddenly stopped breathing. Sara was riding in the car with Blake and her parents to a family get-together. It was a miserably hot day and Blake was suffering from a terrible ear infection. Sara was entertaining Blake in his car seat when he suddenly stopped responding to her. She then noticed that his face was turning a bluish color. Evidently, the heat of the day combined with the fever from his ear infection had caused Blake to stop breathing.  Sara had taken CPR in a Red Cross class at her school so she was prepared and knew just what to do. She immediately leaped into action and initiated the ``Chain of Survival.'' She directed her father to stop the car and her mother to call 911 on the cell phone. She then placed Blake on the back seat of the car, and, when she had determined that he was not breathing and had no pulse, she started performing CPR, just as she had learned in her class. As a consequence of her quick action, Blake regained consciousness before the ambulance arrived, and will soon be celebrating his third birthday, thanks to his Aunt Sara.  The Teaching Children to Save Lives Act will enable more school children like Sara to learn the CPR skills they may need to save the life of a family member or loved one. Moreover, teaching CPR to our children and teens will not only improve their confidence in responding to emergencies, but it will also encourage them to update and maintain these skills into adulthood.  The Teaching Children to Save Lives Act is supported by coalition of groups including the American Heart Association, the Red Cross, the National Education Association, and the School Nurses Association, and I urge all of my colleagues to join us in cosponsoring the legislation.  