President.  Mr. President, I am pleased that the Senate is now considering the issue of how best to ensure that patients receive the health care they need when they need it and that was promised by their insurance plan.  The last 10 years have been particularly turbulent ones for health care providers and patients alike. Concerns about rising costs have led to extensive changes in how health care services are provided and paid for in both public and private health plans.  As a consequence, there is a growing unease across the country about the changes in the way we receive our health care. Families worry that if they or their loved ones become seriously ill, their HMO will deny them coverage and force them to accept either inadequate care or financial ruin--or perhaps both. They feel that vital decisions affecting their lives will be made not by a supportive family doctor but by an unfeeling bureaucracy. They fear that they will have to fight their insurance company as well as their illness.  These are the concerns that have prompted this important debate about how we can ensure that HMOs are held accountable for promised care and that medical decisions are made by individuals wearing stethoscopes, not green eyeshades. People should not have to worry that their HMO will unfairly deny them treatment or force them to accept inadequate care.  Virtually every Senator agrees that medically necessary patient care should not be sacrificed to the bottom line and that health care decisions should be in the hands of doctors, not insurance accountants. But we face an extremely delicate balancing act: as we respond to these concerns, we must be careful not to impose overly burdensome Federal controls and mandates that will drive up costs and cause some people to lose their health insurance altogether. That is the whole crux of the managed care debate.  We should pass a strong, binding Patients' Bill of Rights, but we should do so in a responsible way so that we don't add excessive cost, litigation, and complexity to an already strained health care system. Congress should use the set of principles that President Bush has given us as a road map to develop a bipartisan Patients' Bill of Rights--one that applies meaningful patient protections where they are needed without unduly increasing health care costs.  The biggest obstacle to health care coverage in the United States today is cost. American employers everywhere--from the giant multinational corporation to the small corner store--are facing huge hikes in their health insurance costs. Rising health insurance costs are particularly problematic for people purchasing coverage in the individual market and for small businesses and their employees.  Earlier this year, the dominant carrier in Maine's individual market increased its rates by an average of 23.5 percent for indemnity plans and 32.6 percent for HMO plans. As a result of these increases, many people in my state are either dropping coverage or switching to ``catastrophic'' plans with very high annual deductibles.  Similarly, many small employers in Maine are facing premium increases of 20 to 30 percent, forcing them either to drop their health benefits or pass the additional costs on to their employees through increased deductibles, higher copays, or premium hikes. This also adds to the ranks of the uninsured as more lower-wage workers, unable to afford the increased costs, drop coverage or turn it down.  No wonder the ranks of uninsured Americans have grown to 43 million. If this happens at a time we have been enjoying a strong economy, just imagine what could happen in an economic downturn.  Higher health insurance premiums lead to significant losses in coverage. Studies have shown that for every one percent increase in insurance premiums, insurance coverage for as many as 300,000 people is jeopardized. This is one of the primary reasons I am so concerned about the McCain-Kennedy version of the Patients' Bill of Rights. According to the Congressional Budget Office, the McCain-Kennedy approach will increase health insurance premiums by an additional 4.2 percent over and above the double-digit premium increases we have already experienced. Moreover, this bill is even more expensive than previous versions of the legislation.  Congress should act to provide the important protections that consumers want without causing costs to soar, and we can do so by passing a carefully crafted bill. I also believe that we should not pre-empt or supercede, but rather build upon the good work that states have done in the area of patients' rights and protections.  States have had the primary responsibility for the regulation of health insurance since the 1940s. As someone who has overseen a Bureau of Insurance in state government, I know that state regulators have done a good job of protecting consumers.  One of the myths in this debate is that unless the federal government pre-empts state insurance laws, millions of Americans will somehow be ``unprotected'' in their disputes with HMOs. That simply is untrue.  For example, as this chart demonstrates, 48 states have passed laws prohibiting ``gag clauses'' that restrict communications between patients and their doctors. Forty-four states have requirements for emergency medical care; forty-seven have prompt payment requirements; thirty-seven require direct access to an OB/GYN; forty-one have requirements for external appeals; and all fifty have requirements for internal appeals and patient information.  As is so often the case, states have been the laboratories for insurance reform.  They have acted without any mandate or prodding from Washington to protect their consumers. They have been way ahead of us in enacting patients' rights.  Moreover, one size does not fit all. What may be appropriate for one State may not work well in another or may simply be unnecessary. For example, what may be appropriate for California, which has a very high penetration of HMOs, may simply not be needed in States such as Alaska and Wyoming where there is virtually no managed care. In these States, imposing a new blanket of heavy-handed Federal mandates and coverage requirements will simply drive up costs that will impede, not expand, access to health care.  That is why the National Association of Insurance Commissioners opposes the approach taken in the McCain-Kennedy bill which would force all States to adopt virtually equivalent Federal standards.  Recently, I received a letter from Kathleen Sebelius, the president of the NAIC, in which she writes:       States have faced the challenges and produced laws that      balance the two-part objectives of protecting consumer rights      and preserving availability and affordability of coverage.      For the federal government to unilaterally impose its one-     size-fits-all standards on the states could be devastating to      state insurance markets.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent this letter from the NAIC be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  