President, first, I commend the Senator from Texas for her superior work on this issue. She and I have been working on it for a very long time. I am delighted to see the bipartisan compromise amendment reached today.  This action is long overdue and would correct a misinterpretation of title IX of the education amendments of 1972 that clearly was never intended.  Our amendment would ensure that local school districts can establish single-sex classrooms. I would like to share with my colleagues a wonderful example from Presque Isle High School in northern Maine of what can be accomplished with a single-sex classroom.  A gifted math teacher in Presque Isle by the name of Donna Lisnik believed that an all-girls advanced mathematics class would result in higher levels of achievement by women. She was absolutely right. Donna established an all-girls math class, and the results were absolutely outstanding. Both the achievement of the girls, whether measured on SAT scores or by other tests, and the results, the number of girls participating in the class, soared. Everything was a plus.  I had the privilege of visiting Mrs. Lisnik's class. I saw firsthand the enthusiasm the girls had for mathematics, how comfortable they felt, and how they were accelerating.  However, unfortunately, in the previous administration, the Department of Education concluded that this very worthwhile and effective course did not correct historical inequities and, thus, deemed it to be a violation of title IX requirements. As a result, Presque Isle had to open the course to both boys and girls. It was unfortunate that the school was prevented from pursuing a strategy that was resulting in very high achievement levels for the girls attending those classes.  Senator Hutchison's bipartisan compromise amendment will ensure that schools with innovative education programs, designed to meet gender-specific needs, will not face needless obstacles.  This amendment is a great example of our working across party lines to do what is best for our children and for educational reform. It will give schools the flexibility to design and the ability to offer single-gender classes when the school determines that these classrooms will provide students with a better opportunity to achieve higher standards.  That is a goal we all share.  I see the Senator from Delaware is also seeking to speak on this issue, so I yield back to the Senator from Texas the remainder of my time. Again, I commend her for her hard work on this issue. It has been a pleasure to be her partner in this regard.  