 Madam President, I am delighted we are beginning the debate on the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2001, and of the campaign finance reform efforts that have been led for many years by my good friends, Senators McCain and Feingold. I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of their bill, which takes several critical steps toward reform of our campaign finance system.  I have long supported campaign finance reform. When I was running for the Senate in 1996, I promised to advocate reform, and I kept that promise by becoming an early cosponsor of McCain-Feingold during my first year in the Senate.  The Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2001 goes a long way toward fixing a broken system. First and foremost, the bill closes the most glaring loophole in our campaign finance laws by banning the unlimited, unregulated contributions known as ``soft money.'' Second, the bill regulates and limits the campaign advertisements masquerading as issue ads that corporations and labor organizations often run in the weeks leading up to an election. And third, the bill prohibits foreign nationals from contributing soft money in connection with federal, state, or local elections.  My home State of Maine has a deep commitment to preserving the integrity of the electoral system and ensuring that all Mainers have an equal political voice. Mainers have backed their commitment to an open political process in both word and deed. In many regions of Maine, town meetings in which all citizens are invited to debate issues and make decisions are still prevalent. This is unvarnished, direct democracy. It contrasts sharply with the increasing ability of people with more money to speak longer and louder in federal elections. Maine's tradition of town meetings and equal participation rejects the notion that wealth dictates political discourse. Maine citizens feel strongly about reforming our federal campaign laws, as do I.  Soft money has become the conduit through which wealthy individuals, labor unions and corporations have in many ways seized control of our political process. The problem with soft money was evident during the 1997 hearings by the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs, chaired by my good friend, Senator Thompson. During those investigations, we heard from one individual who gave $325,000 to the Democratic National Committee in order to secure a picture with the President of the United States. We also heard from the infamous Roger Tamraz who testified that the $300,000 he spent to gain access to the White House was not enough and that, next time, he would spend $600,000. And we heard of individuals, such as Chinese millionaire Ted Sioeng, who orchestrated nearly $600,000 in political contributions during the 1996 election cycle. Sieong, we later discovered, was a self-described agent of the Chinese government who made his fortune manufacturing a popular brand of cigarettes in China.  According to the Congressional Research Service, soft money donations nearly doubled in the 2000 presidential election cycle, from $262 million in 1996 to $488 million in 2000. Other estimates set the figures even higher. At the same time, regulated, hard money donations increased a little more than 10-percent.  In short, soft money is a growing wave that threatens to swamp our campaign finance system. Each election cycle, the wave gains momentum and size. Just two presidential elections ago, soft money contributions totaled $86 million, or one-sixth of the amount raised in the latest cycle. The Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 has served our country well. But those seeking ways to influence our elections have found loopholes that have overwhelmed the rule themselves. I therefore applaud the bipartisan efforts of Senators McCain and Feingold and pledge my continued support throughout the long process ahead. I know we are in for a spirited debate and believe that, ultimately, the will of the majority of Americans will prevail. They want reform. It is time we heed their message.  