President, I rise today to introduce the Commercial Fishermen Safety Act of 2001, a bill to help fishermen purchase the life-saving safety equipment they need to survive when disaster strikes. I am very pleased to be joined by my colleague from Massachusetts, Senator John Kerry, in introducing this legislation. Senator Kerry is a true friend of fishermen and, as ranking member of the Oceans and Fisheries Subcommittee, a leader in the effort to sustain our fisheries and maintain the proud fishing tradition that exists in his State and in mine. The release last summer of the movie ``The Perfect Storm'' provided millions of Americans with a glimpse of the challenges and the dangers associated with earning a living in the fishing industry. Based on a true story, this movie, while very compelling, merely scratches the surface of what it is like to be a modern-day fisherman. Every day, members of our fishing community struggle to cope with the pressures of running a small business, complying with extensive regulations, and maintaining their vessels and equipment. Added to these challenges are the dangers associated with fishing where disaster can strike in conditions that are far less extreme than those depicted by the movie.  Year in and year out, commercial fishing is among our Nation's most dangerous occupations. According to the data compiled by the Coast Guard and the Bureau of Labor Statistics, 536 fishermen have lost their lives at sea since 1994. In fact, with an annual fatality rate of about 140 deaths per 100,000 workers, fishing is 30 times more dangerous than the average occupation.  The year 2000 will always be remembered in Maine's fishing communities as a year marked by tragedy. The year began with the loss of the trawler Two Friends, 12 miles off the coast of York, ME, on January 25. Two of the three crew members died in icy waters after their vessel capsized in 16-foot seas. The year concluded with yet another tragedy, the loss of the scallop dragger Little Raspy on December 14. Three fishermen died when the 30-foot vessel sank in Chandler Bay near Jonesport, ME. All told, nine commercial fishermen lost their lives off the coast of Maine last year. That exceeded the combined casualties of the 3 previous years.  The death of a 27-year-old fisherman just a few days ago in the Gulf of Maine adds to the grief endured by those in Maine's small, close-knit fishing communities still trying to cope with the tragedies of the last year.  Yet as tragic as the year was, it could have been even worse. Heroic acts by the Coast Guard and other fishermen resulted in the rescue of 13 commercial fishermen off the coast of Maine in the year 2000. In most of these circumstances, the fishermen were returned to their loved ones and families because they had access to safety equipment that made all the difference between life and death.  Shawn Rich, the surviving crew member of the vessel Two Friends, was found wearing an immersion suit and clinging to the vessel's emergency position indicating radio beacon, or EPIRB. That equipment is what made the difference for him and allowed him to be rescued. The EPIRB strobe light was spotted by a Coast Guard helicopter despite visibility that was less than a quarter of a mile. His immersion suit, which can extend survival to as many as 6 hours in the icy waters of the North Atlantic, protected the fisherman from water temperatures that would have resulted in death by hypothermia after less than 10 minutes of unprotected exposure.  Coast Guard regulations require all fishing vessels to carry safety equipment. These requirements vary depending on factors such as the size of the vessel, the temperature of the water, and the distance the boat is traveling from shore to fish. Required equipment can include a liferaft that automatically inflates and floats free should the vessel sink; personal flotation devices, or immersion suits which can help protect fishermen from exposure, as well as to increase buoyancy; EPIRBs, which relay a downed vessel's position to the Coast Guard search and rescue personnel; visual distress signals; and fire extinguishers.  This equipment is absolutely critical to surviving an emergency at sea. Maggie Raymond of South Berwick, ME, the owner of the fishing vessel Olympia, put it well when she said:       It is just not possible to overstate the importance of the      safety equipment. Along the coast of Maine, fishing      communities continue to mourn the nine fishermen lost last      year. At the same time, 13 fishermen were saved because they      were able to get into a survival suit on time or to get into      the liferaft, or because they were found literally clinging      to an EPIRB. Without this life-safety equipment, the casualty      toll would have been much higher.  When an emergency arises, safety equipment is priceless. At all other times, however, the cost of purchasing or maintaining liferafts, immersion suits, and EPIRBs must compete with essential expenses such as loan payments, wages, fuel, maintenance, and insurance. Meeting all of these obligations is made much more difficult by a regulatory framework that limits the amount of time a fisherman can spend at sea and gear alterations that are used to manage our marine resources.  Most of the fishermen whom I know are more than willing to do their part to sustain our marine resources. But the reality is that when fishermen are required to limit their catch, they are also limited in their ability to generate sufficient income to meet the costs associated with maintaining their vessels. The bill I am introducing today makes it clear that fishermen should not have to compromise their safety in order to make a living in their chosen occupation.  The Commercial Fishermen Safety Act of 2001 lends fisherman a helping hand in preparing in case disaster strikes. My legislation provides a tax credit equal to 75 percent of the amount paid by fishermen to purchase or maintain required safety equipment. The tax credit would be capped at $1,500. The items I have mentioned can literally cost thousands of dollars. The tax credit will make this life-saving equipment more affordable for more fishermen who currently face more limited options under the Federal Tax Code.  Safety equipment saves lives in an occupation that has suffered far too many tragedies, far too many losses. By extending a tax credit for the purchase of federally required safety equipment, Congress can help ensure that fishermen have a better chance of returning home each and every time they head out to sea.  I hope as part of our tax deliberations this year this important legislation will be enacted and signed into law.  I yield the floor.  