President, I thank the Senator from Nebraska for his comments. He has stated the case extremely well. He has had the experience not only of being a Governor but of actually being a commissioner of insurance.  I spent 5 years in State government overseeing a bureau of insurance. We have confidence in our State's abilities to protect the rights of insurance consumers. Indeed, the States have been way ahead of the Federal Government in this area.  I have shown my colleagues the charts of the numerous laws that the States have passed during the past decade dealing with patients' rights. Each State has taken action on some of these consumer protections. They have done so without any mandate from Washington. They have done so because they want to make sure that in State regulated insurance plans these kinds of protections have been included.  In fact, the States have passed over 1,100 laws and regulations dealing with patient protections. So this is not a case where the States have failed to act and the Federal Government has to come to the rescue. Rather, it is a case where the States have been far ahead of the Federal Government. We have been slow to provide these kinds of State protections to federally regulated plans under ERISA. That should be the primary focus of this legislation.  Both the Senator from Nebraska and I support a strong Patients' Bill of Rights. We want to make sure, in writing this legislation, we do not wipe out the good work of State governments.  Every single State has at least one law on the books dealing with portionsof the McCain-Kennedy bill. But no State law is identical to the provisions in the McCain-Kennedy bill. States have dealt with these issues in different ways, depending on the negotiations between the State legislatures and their Governors, to meet the needs of that particular State. There is no need to impose a one-size-fits-all Federal mandate on the States when they are already doing a good job.  When I was Commissioner of Professional and Financial Regulation in the State of Maine, we had a very active bureau of insurance that lead the way in proposing many reforms in insurance and health insurance that were enacted by our State legislature. In fact, I believe that Maine was the first State in the Nation to pass legislation requiring automatic continuity of coverage, renewability of insurance contracts. We did that way back this the 1980s. We were ahead of the Federal Government by many years in this area.  Why should the State of Maine, which has been a leader in insurance regulation, have to go back and revisit its laws, recraft them, and rewrite them to meet the dictates of the McCain-Kennedy bill? That just does not make sense.  I think we should respect the work that has been done by the States in this area by honoring the laws that already exist and are on the books. We can encourage those few States--and they are just a handful--that have not acted in some area to do so, and then to bring their plan to the Federal Government or to tell us why they chose not to.  Why does it make sense for a State such as Wyoming or Alaska, which has virtually no managed care, to have to adopt a host of new laws that are irrelevant to their insurance market?  States have been strong in this area. They have worked hard to protect their health care consumers. I think we should be assisting them, providing incentives for them to act still further in this area, not preempting their good work.  I yield the floor but reserve the remainder of the time on the Collins-Nelson amendment.  