President, I first want to say I very much enjoyed working with my colleague from New England. He is a passionate advocate for children on health care and education issues. He did, however, make a misstatement about the implications of my amendment and has invited me to correct the record if it was wrong. I want to take the opportunity to do so.  In fact, my approach does provide new consumer protections. Let me expand on that because I must not have been clear in explaining it earlier.  Under current law, there are federally regulated insurance plans and there are State-regulated insurance plans. The Federal plans, under ERISA, are beyond the reach of Federal regulators. So all those laws we have talked about, those 1,100 or more State laws and regulations, do not apply to consumers who are enrolled and covered by ERISA plans, the federally regulated plans, because State governments are prohibited from applying regulations to ERISA plans. They are preempted in that way.  All of these great consumer protections that the States have enacted over the last decade do not apply to patients who are covered by ERISA plans. This legislation--and it is one of the reasons I strongly support patient protection legislation at the Federal level--would close that gap. It would ensure that consumers who are part of ERISA plans receive the kinds of consumer protections that are available to patients whose health care coverage is provided by plans that are regulated by State governments.  So it is not accurate to say my approach will not result in any new consumer protections. Rather, the approach my colleague from Nebraska, Senator Nelson, and I have proposed is intended to make sure we can provide the same kinds of protections for consumers in Federal plans that the States have done for consumers who are covered by State-regulated plans.  In addition, there is a requirement under the Collins-Nelson amendment for States that have not enacted consumer protection laws--there are many that have in many areas, but there are some holes here and there. There is a requirement that those States either enact a law that is consistent with the purposes of those patient protections in the McCain-Kennedy bill by the date of enactment--we are not even giving them very long. They have to do it by October 1 of next year. That is going to be difficult for some States that have biennial legislatures. But we requirethem to either enact a law that is consistent with the purposes of the consumer protections in the McCain-Kennedy law or, if they decline to do so, they have to certify their reasons for not doing so to the Secretary.  It is just not true to say our approach, the Collins-Nelson approach, does not result in any new consumer protections. In fact, what it does is preserve the good work that the States have done, rather than requiring the States to adopt a one-size-fits-all, made-in-Washington approach that may not work in their particular States. We preserve the State laws, but then we close the gap by requiring federally regulated insurance plans to have similar consumer protections. That is very important. That does result in new patient protections for millions of Americans whose insurance is under federally regulated plans.  In addition, States cannot ignore this issue. They haven't ignored it; they have been very active, but, as I said, there are some holes. What they would have to do as a State is consider this issue and No. 1, enact a law consistent with the purposes of McCain-Kennedy or, No. 2, certify to the Secretary that they did not enact a law because either there is no managed care in their State--such as Alaska or Wyoming, where it is irrelevant--or they believed the costs were such that they would drive people out of the insurance market and cause people to lose access to health insurance altogether.  Let us remember the best consumer protection is having health insurance coverage. That is the best patient protection we can apply and provide. So our amendment, the amendment I have crafted with my colleague, Senator Nelson, which is supported by so many of our colleagues who have spoken eloquently tonight, is an important one. It will advance consumer protections. But it will respect the good work that has been done by the States, the States that have been far ahead of the Federal Government.  Finally, let's remember the important point. States have been regulating insurance for more than 50 years. They have done a good job. They have acted without any prod or mandate from Washington to provide patient protections. They are way ahead of us in this area. Why do we want to second guess their work? Why do we want to supersede their laws? Why do we want to wipe out the good work done by the States? I submit we should grandfather in those good State laws and concentrate on the gaps.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  