President, now that the ranking Democrat on the HELP Committee has joined us, I once again repeat my praise of his efforts as well as those of the chairman of the committee. Senator Jeffords and Senator Kennedy have done incredible work in bringing us together on this important issue, as has the Presiding Officer, the Senator from Tennessee, Mr. Frist. I thank them for their efforts on what I believe to be such an important initiative.  To reach our goal of helping all children, of ensuring that every child knows how to read, the reading programs authorized by this bill draw on 30 years of research on reading and reading instruction. These programs will enhance our ability to help every child succeed. We know that we have a lot of work to do.  By way of background, I will share with my colleagues some of the troubling statistics about reading in this country: 20 million children are at risk for reading failure; 75 percent of children with reading difficulties who are now helped by the time they reach the age of 9 will still have poor reading skills at the end of high school. That is why early intervention is so important.  Eighty to 90 percent of children identified with learning disabilities have their primary deficits in reading and language-based processes. We know that fewer than a third of our fourth graders can read at grade level. We know that the reading scores on the national tests for reading have been flat for 30 years, and the recent release of the NAEP scores for this year would continue this flat line.  We need to do things differently. We need to increase the Federal investment. That is what this bill would do, by tripling funding for reading programs.  We also need a fresh approach. Fortunately, research provides reliable ways to determine whether children as young as age 4 are developing the necessary skills to learn to read. Early identification and effective early intervention can dramatically reduce the numbers of students who fail to learn to read.  Teachers have told me of the excitement they feel when they watch a child learn the strategies needed to crack the reading code. For some students it is a mysterious code, but teachers have proven over and over again that there are strategies and solid research that can bring techniques into the classroom to help children discover that they can, indeed, become good readers.  The ability to read unlocks the doors to all other areas of the curriculum. Children who can't read don't excel in other subject areas. In fact, nonreaders pull away from other academic subjects if they don't experience success in reading.  I find it so exciting that this country is now focused on reading. Reading is finally getting the attention, the support, and the resources it deserves. It has taken years for the importance of reading to rise to national attention. I give our President and the First Lady tremendous credit in focusing national attention on the importance of reading.  I believe we are about to take a great leap forward for this Nation toward increasing literacy. The amendment I put forth merely strengthens the provisions of the reading initiative in this important legislation. It will ensure that we have access to the information we need to determine whether this program is a success.  The bottom line: If we act swiftly and effectively to teach reading in the early grades, we will provide our children with the solid foundation they need for future academic success.  The Reading First initiative gives meaning to our commitment to leave no child behind by making certain that every child can read. This is critical because our Nation is in the midst of a monumental global change. Unlike previous generations who came of age when the United States was primarily an agricultural or manufacturing based economy, this generation coming to age now will need reading skills more than ever.  Information processing has become a required skill for so many jobs. That is why reading is so important. It is the basic building block for participating fully in our society. In this country of opportunity and promise, we owe it to our children to make sure they learn to read and learn to read well.  In closing, I thank the leaders of our committee and the National Center for Learning Disabilities, as well as the Department of Education and White House officials for working together with us to improve the Reading First initiative in this legislation.  