President, I thank the Senator from Vermont for his kind words about the amendment I offered to extend the protections of chapter 12 of our bankruptcy code to our fishermen so that a fisherman can be treated the same way as a farmer is treated. I appreciate his efforts to clear the amendment, which is a bipartisan amendment, on his side of the aisle.  I also commend the Senator from Vermont for the amendment he just proposed that safeguards the names of minor children in bankruptcy proceedings.  Last weekend, I had a discussion with a member of my staff who is responsible for Cumberland and York Counties. He told me of our office's attempts to assist women who are legally establishing new identities in order to avoid being pursued by a violent ex-spouse or former boyfriend. He told me the Social Security Administration, for example, is very helpful once these women have gone to court and legally changed their names for these very good reasons and helping them to get new Social Security numbers. But he mentioned to me that oftentimes the violent former spouse or boyfriend pursues these women using other public records. For example, when they get a new driver's license in the State of Maine, Maine has the requirement that the State where they previously held a driver's license be notified. That creates a paper trail by which the former spouse can pursue the woman who is trying to get a fresh start for herself.  It occurs to me while listening to the comments of the Senator from Vermont that the bankruptcy proceedings could also be a way that this information is disclosed, and that in cases where parental rights have been terminated this would be a means of a former spouse tracing the children to which he no longer has any parental rights.  There are a number of other examples where children can be preyed on by predators who gain access to this information. But I wanted to share the experience that I had this last weekend with my staff's efforts to assist abused women in starting new lives through legally assuming a new identity.  I commend the Senator from Vermont for his efforts. I look forward to working further with him on this issue.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  