President, I rise to applaud the managers of this bill, Senators Hollings and Gregg, for focusing on a problem that simply has not received the attention it deserves in recent years. I am referring to the disturbing lack of Immigration and Naturalization Service inspectors at the land ports of entry that line our borders with Canada and Mexico. Based on an analysis of workload and workforce needs, the INS estimates that our 104 land ports of entry are staffed at a mere 49 percent of their optimal level, leading to long lines and exhausted, overworked inspectors.  The situation in my home State of Maine is even more alarming. Maine's 12 land ports of entry are staffed, on average, at 41 percent of their optimal level. This means that 71 INS inspectors must perform the work of 174 men and women. To put the problem in perspective, I point out that, last year, Maine's 71 INS border staff inspected approximately 6.75 million people who passed through our land border ports of entry in 3 million passenger vehicles, 400,000 commercial trucks, and thousands of buses and trains.  Moreover, many of these inspections are far from routine. Since 1996, the Portland, ME district of the INS--which includes 14 land border points of entry in Vermont and one in New Hampshire--has confiscated over 2,500 fraudulent documents and apprehendedhundreds of narcotics and alien smugglers, over 8,200 criminal aliens, and approximately 4,000 aliens who were the subject of lookouts by the INS and other agencies. Last year alone, the Portland district office apprehended 4 terrorists.  These figures underscore the critical need for additional land border inspectors to protect the integrity of our borders and the safety of those who currently man them. This latter point is perhaps best illustrated by the situation at the border port of entry in Coburn Gore, Maine. Coburn Gore should be staffed by 12 INS inspectors. Instead, it has two. Together with two Customs Service inspectors, they man the port of entry 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. Most of the time, Coburn Gore is manned by only one inspector. Think about that. A single inspector must not only keep traffic moving but must also decide when and whether to conduct a time-consuming secondary inspection when suspicion is raised. Not surprisingly, traffic sometimes backs up to the Canadian border. And when assistance is needed, a call must be placed to the State Police barracks in Skowhegan, the nearest sheriff's office in Farmington, the nearest Border Patrol office in Rangeley, or the nearest land border port of entry in Jackman, each of which is located at least an hour's drive away.  For years, all available INS resources have been allocated to increase the number of Border Patrol agents stationed on our southern border. At the same time, the number of land border inspectors actually has decreased slightly. I am therefore very pleased that Senators Hollings and Gregg have allocated $25.4 million to hire 348 land border inspectors to, in their words, ``begin the long process of aligning manning with workload requirements.'' Eighteen of these new inspectors would be located in Maine, and would increase the number of INS inspectors stationed at land border ports of entry in my home State by 25 percent. Significantly, the bill would mean two new inspectors for Coburn Gore.  On August 31, I wrote to Attorney General Ashcroft asking him to support the increase in land border inspectors including in this bill but, unfortunately, excluded from the House version.  It is cruelly ironic that today, in the aftermath of the worst terrorist attack the world has ever witnessed, news reports have indicated that some of the terrorists responsible may well have entered our country through one or more of Maine's understaffed land border ports of entry.  The INS and Customs Service inspectors on our northern border work hard and long to protect our safety. It is disturbing to learn how often they encounter terrorists and other criminals seeking to gain entry into the United States. Yet it is comforting to know how often these criminals are apprehended before they can accomplish their goals.  As skilled and as vigilant as they are, our border inspectors need more help, and that is why I commend the Senator from New Hampshire and the Senator from South Carolina for their work. I strongly support the provisions in this bill that will put more inspectors where they are urgently needed on our borders.  Thank you, Mr. President.  