President, I commend my friend and colleague from Arkansas for offering this important amendment. It will allow self-employed Americans to deduct the full amount of their health insurance premiums.  As we proceed with consideration of legislation to protect patients' rights, legislation I believe every Member of this body, in one form or another, wants to see passed, we should also be considering ways to expand access to health insurance coverage for millions more Americans by making health insurance more affordable.  We know that at a time of almost unprecedented prosperity in this country, we have 43 million Americans who lack health insurance. Just think of the impact of an economic downturn and escalating increases in health insurance costs. It will only expand the number of uninsured or underinsured Americans. That is why I support the amendment that has been offered by the Senator from Arkansas.  As President Clinton's own Advisory Commission on Consumer Protection and Quality noted in its report: ``Costs matter--health coverage is the best consumer protection.''  Simply put, the biggest single obstacle to expanded health care coverage in the United States is costs. While American employers everywhere are facing huge hikes in their health insurance premiums, these rising costs are particularly problematic for small businesses, and they are most problematic for self-employed individuals who have to purchase health insurance on their own without a subsidy from an employer and without the benefit of a group health plan rate.  Since most Americans get their health insurance through the workplace, it is a common assumption that people without health insurance are unemployed, but the fact is that most uninsured Americans are members of families with at least one full-time worker. Eighty-five percent of Americans who do not have health insurance live in a family with a full-time worker. Most of these uninsured workers are self-employed or they work for very small businesses that simply cannot afford to provide health insurance as much as they would like.  Our amendment will help make health insurance more affordable for these Americans by allowing those who are self-employed to deduct 100 percent of the cost of their health insurance premiums. Since some 35 million Americans are in families headed by self-employed individuals, this will be of enormous help to them. Five million of those 35 million are uninsured.  Establishing parity in the tax treatment of health insurance costs between self-employed individuals and those working for large businesses is also a matter of equity. I have never thought it was fair that a corporation can deduct 100 percent of its share of the health insurance premiums that it pays for its employees, but a person who works for himself or herself can only deduct a portion of that cost.  This is a matter of equity, but it would also help to reduce the number of uninsured but working Americans. Our amendment will help make health insurance more affordable for the 82,000 people in my home State of Maine who are self-employed. They include our lobstermen, fishermen, farmers, hairdressers, electricians, plumbers, and the owners of many of the small shops that dot communities throughout our State.  We are a State of self-reliant people. We are a State where there is a large number of self-employed, and they deserve to deduct the cost of their health insurance premium just as a large corporation can write off that cost.  This is a particularly important amendment when we are looking at a bill that by every estimate is going to drive up the cost of health insurance. This is just a modest effort to provide some assistance to help offset the escalation in health insurance rates that this bill, unfortunately, will produce. This is a reasonable amendment. It deserves bipartisan support.  Finally, I am a bit puzzled by some of the statements that have been made by those on the other side of the aisle. During consideration of the budget resolution earlier this year, I offered an amendment to make sure we set aside funds in the budget resolution to provide for 100-percent deductibility for health insurance for the self-employed and also to help our small businesses that are struggling with the cost of health insurance by giving them a tax credit.  That amendment was opposed by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Had it been accepted--it was narrowly defeated by only one vote--wewould have had a better chance of holding those important provisions in the tax bill when we went to conference, but it was opposed by my friends from the other side of the aisle.  I find it ironic to hear today the argument that we should have done it earlier, we should have done it on a different bill when, in fact, our attempts to do so were defeated during the course of the budget resolution.  This is an excellent amendment. I am puzzled why there would be any opposition to it. Surely we ought to be able to agree that self-employed individuals, those hard-working men and women across America, should be able to deduct the full cost of their health insurance. It is the right policy, it is the fair policy, and it would help expand access to needed health insurance for millions of American families. I hope there will be a strong bipartisan vote for this very important amendment.  Again, I commend my friend from Arkansas for his leadership in bringing forth this very important amendment on this bill.  I thank the Chair.  