Just as in Arkansas, many of the students in Maine grow up in families that have not had experience with higher education. The TRIO programs are vital in raising the aspirations of these students. Senator Lincoln has consistently fought to raise the aspirations of high school students, inspiring kids to strive for their full potential. It has been my pleasure to work with her, and I look forward to continued cooperation on behalf of TRIO.  I would also thank Senators Specter and Harkin for their commitment to education funding. Under their leadership, the committee has produced a Labor-HHS-Education bill that provides a $6.3 billion increase in education spending for next year, including substantial investments in Reading First, Title I, Pell Grants, and rural education. The investments outlined in this bill will build upon the progress ofthe last few years and help us ensure that all students have an opportunity to achieve.  Although the bill does not provide the amount we had hoped for to fund TRIO, it does appropriate a considerable increase of $75 million, which will be very helpful.  The five TRIO Programs--Educational Opportunity Centers, the Ronald E. McNair Post-baccalaureate Achievement Program, Student Support Services, Talent Search and Upward Bound--work with young people and adults, from the sixth grade through college graduation. Over 1,200 colleges, universities and agencies offer almost 2,500 TRIO Programs, serving over 740,000 students throughout the United States, Puerto Rico, and the Pacific Islands. These programs have enjoyed broad-based support on both sides of the aisle and in local communities for over 30 years.  Father James Nadeau, a native of my hometown in Aroostook County, is a graduate of the Bowdoin College Upward Bound program. His story tells why the TRIO programs are so important. His parents did not have the opportunity to pursue an education beyond the eighth grade. Father Jim's participation in Upward Bound changed his life and opened up a world of opportunity to him.  Beginning in 1977, Father Jim spent three summers enrolled in Upward Bound and then attended Dartmouth College and studied in France and Scotland. Subsequently, he studied for 5 years at the Gregorian University in Rome and received two graduate degrees in theology. His ministry has spanned from Mother Teresa in Calcutta to school children in Portland, Maine and continues to affect lives all over the world. He is an excellent role model for the youth of Maine and remains a terrific example of the success of the TRIO programs. There are many similar stories of TRIO graduates in all professions and walks of life. These are stories of successful, educated individuals who were introduced by a TRIO program to the endless possibilities that become attainable through education.  Nationally, the current funding level for TRIO only allows approximately 6 percent of the eligible population to be served. Many students in my own state would not go to college without these important federal programs. In Maine, 15 TRIO programs serve 5,509 young people and adults and I have been very impressed by the impact these programs have on aspirations. Many Maine students have told me that the TRIO programs gave them the confidence and encouragement they needed to succeed in higher education.  As we complete the appropriations process, I would ask that we place a continued emphasis on the important federal responsibility to expand access to postsecondary education. It is critical that we reach our target of serving at least 10 percent of the eligible population over the next 5 years. I urge the chairman and ranking member to continue their support of TRIO by protecting the proposed appropriation in conference committee. I also ask that TRIO receive an increased appropriation, should discretionary funds become available. For example, if IDEA is funded with mandatory funds during the ESEA reauthorization process, I hope that TRIO will be one of the programs that benefits. On a related note, I should point out that Chairman Harkin has been a leader in the effort to secure mandatory funding for IDEA and I commend his commitment to that crucial issue.  In closing, the TRIO programs promote opportunity to education and the possibility of upward mobility in this Nation, and they must be strengthened.  