President, I am pleased to join with several of my colleagues, including Senators Bond, Hutchinson, Mikulski, Ensign, Snowe, Cochran, Gordon Smith, and Santorum, in introducing this amendment to eliminate the automatic 15-percent reduction in Medicare payments to home health agencies now scheduled to take effect on October 1 of next year.  Our amendment will create a reserve fund of $13.7 billion that can be used solely to eliminate the 15-percent reduction in payments to home health agencies now scheduled to go into effect on October 1, 2002. Our amendment contains a safety mechanism that protects the Medicare HI trust fund for each year covered by the budget resolution. In other words--I want this to be clear--the Medicare trust fund will not be used to pay for the elimination of the scheduled reduction in home health payments.  Health care has gone full circle. Patients are spending less time in the hospital, more and more procedures are being done on an outpatient basis, and recovery and care for patients with chronic diseases and conditions have increasingly been taking place in the home. Moreover, the number of older Americans who are chronically ill or disabled in some way continues to grow with each passing year as our population grows older.  As a consequence, home health care has become an increasingly important part of our health care system. The kinds of highly skilled and often technically complex services that our Nation's home health nurses provide have enabled millions of our most frail and vulnerable elderly individuals to avoid hospitals and nursing homes and stay just where they want to be--in the comfort, security, and privacy of their own homes.  The rapid growth in home health spending, from 1990 to 1997, understandably prompted the Congress and the Clinton administration, as part of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, to initiate changes that were intended to slow the growth in spending and make this important program more cost effective and efficient. Unfortunately, these measures have produced cuts in home health spending far beyond what Congress ever intended.  According to estimates by the Congressional Budget Office, home health spending dropped to $9.2 billion in the year 2000, just about half the amount we were spending in 1997. This is at a time when demand and the need for home health services have only increased. On the horizon and very troubling is an additional 15-percent cut that would put our already struggling home health agencies at risk and would seriously jeopardize access to critical home health services for millions of our Nation's seniors.  The Medicare home health benefit has already been cut far more deeply and abruptly than any other benefit in the history of the Medicare program. It is now abundantly clear that the savings goals set for home health in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 have not only been met but far surpassed. The most recent CBO projections show that the post-Balanced Budget Act reductions in home health services will amount to about $69 billion between fiscal years 1998 and 2002. This is more than four times the $16 billion that the CBO originally estimated for that time period and is a clear indication that the Medicare home health cutbacks have been far too deep.  Moreover, the financial problems home health agencies have been experiencing have been exacerbated by a host of ill-conceived regulatory requirements imposed by the Clinton administration. As a consequence of these burdensome and costly regulations, as well as the reductions in reimbursements, approximately 3,300 home health agencies have either closed their doors or stopped serving Medicare patients.  Moreover, the Health Care Financing Administration estimates that 900,000 fewer home health patients received services in 1999 than in 1997. That is 900,000 frail, elderly, ill individuals who have lost their access to home health services.  This startling statistic points to the central and most critical issue: Cuts of this magnitude simply cannot be sustained without ultimately harming patient care.  The impact of these cutbacks has been particularly devastating in my home State of Maine. The number of Medicare home health patients in Maine dropped by 23 percent in just 2 years' time. That translates into more than 11,000 home health patients no longer receiving services. There was also a 40-percent drop in the number of home health visits in Maine and a 31-percent cut in Medicare payments to home health agencies in the State.  Keep in mind, Maine's home health agencies were already very prudent in their use of resources. They were low-cost agencies in the beginning. They simply had no cushion to absorb this cut. Indeed, these cutbacks cut to the bone and are harming care in the State of Maine.  Last year I had the opportunity to meet and visit with a number of home health patients and nurses throughout my State. I heard heartbreaking stories about the impact of Medicare cutbacks and how regulatory restrictions have affected both the quality and the availability of home health care services, jeopardizing the health and well-being of numerous senior citizens. For example, a nurse told me of the tragic story of one of her patients, an elderly Maine woman who suffered from advanced Alzheimer's disease, pneumonia, and hypertension, among other illnesses. This patient was bedbound, verbally nonresponsive, and had a series of other troubling health problems, including infections and weight loss. This woman had been receiving home health services for approximately 2 years. During that time, due to the care of the skilled and compassionate home health nurse, her condition had stabilized.  Unfortunately, the care provided to this patient had to end when the home health agency received a Federal notice indicating that this poor woman no longer qualified for home health care.  Mr. President, less than 3 months later this woman died as a result of a wound from an untreated infection in her foot. One cannot help but speculate that this tragedy might well have been prevented had this woman continued to receive home health care.  This is only one of the heart-wrenching stories that I have heard from both patients and dedicated home healthnurses throughout the State of Maine. I am, therefore, extremely concerned that there is yet another cut in home health care looming on the horizon, that an additional automatic 15-percent cut is scheduled to go into effect on October 1 of next year. This cut would sound the death knell for many of our already struggling home health agencies, and it would further jeopardize access to critical home health services for millions of our Nation's seniors.  Since we have already surpassed the savings target set by the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, further cuts simply are not necessary.  Mr. President, the fact that Congress has delayed the automatic 15-percent cutback for 3 straight years demonstrates that the cut is not justified, it is not warranted. To simply keep delaying this cut 1 year at a time, year after year, is to leave a ``sword of Damocles'' hanging over the heads of these home health agencies. It makes it impossible for them to plan how they are going to serve their patients. It causes them to turn down patients who are complicated and costly to serve because they can't count on the reimbursement. This further cut is not needed, and it should be eliminated altogether once and for all.  Mr. President, the amendment we are introducing today will enable us to eliminate this cut once and for all. It will provide a needed measure of relief and certainty for cost-effective home health care providers across this country that are experiencing serious financial difficulties that are inhibiting their ability to deliver much needed care, particularly to those chronically ill elderly with complex care needs.  I urge all of my colleagues to support my amendment. I reserve the remainder of my time.  