President.  Mr. President, first let me start by commending the chairman of the committee, Senator Jeffords, and the ranking minority member, Senator Kennedy, for their extraordinary work on this important legislation. They have shown real leadership in pulling the Senate together on what I believe may well be the most important legislation we consider this year; that is, the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.  My amendment would make a series of improvements to an extremely important component of the bill, and that is Reading First. I have worked with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle as well as with the administration, the Secretary of Education, and the President to ensure that both the Early Reading First and the Reading First initiatives are truly focused on our goal of helping every child to learn to read.  We can do so much more to ensure that every child learns to read. Reading First is based on the principle that the best way to ensure that no child is left behind is to teach every child to read.  Reading First encourages States and school districts to take a preventive role when dealing with reading programs.  It would provide assistance to States and school districts to establish reading programs for students in grades kindergarten through the third grade to better ground specifically based reading research in order to ensure that every student can read at or above grade level by the end of the third grade.  It would provide assistance to States and school districts to better prepare our teachers who are on the front line and who are so important in this crusade.  It would give them professional development and other support so that teachers can identify specific reading barriers facing the students and have the tools that they need to assist their students in learning to read.  Reading experts tell us that children learn to read in many different ways. This isn't a case where one approach serves the needs of every student. Some students may need to put their fingers on their mouths when they say certain words to understand the sounds that make up those words. Others may need to clap out the syllables to understand how words are constructed.  These are examples of the kinds of teaching tools that Reading First will promote and that will assist teachers in learning.  The program would also provide assistance to States and school districts in selecting and developing diagnostic reading assessments that document whether children are learning and will also help us to assess the effectiveness of the Reading First Program.  Reading First would require us to make a real commitment. We should not require students to fail before providing assistance. And, yet, that is often what we do.  The most common intervention is placement in special education which for most children is simply not a solution. Special education services are not designed to solve a children's reading disability, and for the most part they do not. Our Early Literacy Program is well documented. Approximately 2.8 million students in the United States have been identified as having a learning disability. Of those, 90 percent have trouble reading. The good news is with proper, effective, and early intervention a learning disability can be treated, and children with reading disabilities can have the potential to achieve their full potential. The bad news is that most States do not now have the resources to establish the kinds of reading programs and early interventions that are most effective.  Reading First would address this problem. It provides a national focus on early reading intervention. It simply does not make sense to wait until the third grade to test a child's reading ability, find out that that child's reading skills are far below his or her peers', and know that the chance of that child learning to read by grade level by the end of elementary school is less than 25 percent.  By contrast, if a child is tested and receives help in kindergarten or first grade, that child has a 90- to 95-percent chance of becoming a good reader.  Since reading is researched more easily and effectively during the early years, identifying children who have problems with reading and providing them with the help they need early on is very effective.  Reading First is a comprehensive approach to promoting literacy in all 50 States. It will support the efforts of States such as Maine that have already made great strides under the Reading Excellence Act in promoting reading and literacy.  The Reading First initiative would provide $1 billion per year--that is triple our current commitment--to States and school districts to establish and enhance reading partnerships and to develop early literacy professional development programs for teachers.  We know that other than involved parents, a good teacher, with proper literacy training, is the single most important prerequisite to a student's reading success. We also know that reading is the gateway to learning other subjects and to future academic achievement. That is why it is so important that this bill make such a national commitment to reading programs.  The amendment I have proposed improves upon the Reading First section of the bill in a number of ways.  First of all, it would improve the targeting of funds so that more would be allocated to those local schools that have the most schoolchildren who are reading below grade level.  Second, it would clarify that each State's educational agency would be responsible for administering the program.  Third, it adds greater detail to the criteria that will be used to award competitive grants to States by specifying that a State must be able to demonstrate improved reading achievement in those schools that are receiving Reading First funds.  It would require the Secretary to minimize the amount of new paperwork for States that have already applied for and received a grant under the current Reading Excellence Act.  It would increase accountability by requiring States and local school districts to demonstrate improved reading achievement in schools that are receiving Reading First funds.  And it would require that, in carrying out the evaluation of this program, the Secretary assess whether it is having an impact on the identification and referral of young students to special education services under IDEA.  Let me just elaborate on this latter point. I firmly believe if we invest in early reading programs, and identify children who are having difficulty in learning reading early on, that many of those children will not need special education. The reason this is important is, once a child becomes part of special education, the chances of that child ever leaving special education are less than 5 percent.  We know that if we intervene early, 90 to 95 percent of children with learning disabilities can be helped. But if those children become part of the special education system, the chances of their leaving special education are less than 5 percent.  This is an investment that makes sense.  President Bush deserves enormous credit for placing reading at the top of our education agenda and for being willing to work with us--with Members on both sides of the aisle--to hammer out the best possible legislation.  Mr. President, I know the Senator from Rhode Island wanted 5 minutes to comment on this legislation. My statement is quite lengthy. What I would like to do is ask unanimous consent to be able to yield 5 minutes to the Senator from Rhode Island and then reclaim my time so that I can complete my statement, if that is acceptable to the managers of the bill.  