 In drafting the Interior appropriations bill for fiscal year 2002, the managers have demonstrated, once again, their commitment to promoting conservation. I am particularly pleased that the bill funds Forest Legacy at $65 million--the most that has ever been allocated for this important and growing program--and I am grateful for the support Chairman Byrd and Senator Burns have given to projects in my Sate this year and in years past.  Neither the Interior appropriations bill that passed in the house nor the Senate bill voted out of committee included funding for the Tumbledown/Mt. Blue conservation project in the western mountain region of Maine. Because of the importance of this project to my State, I proposed an amendment to the bill to dedicate Forest Legacy fund to the Tumbledown/Mt. Blue initiative. Chairman Byrd and Ranking Member Burns have graciously agreed to accept a modified version of my amendment, which will earmark $1 million for the project.  The western mountain region of my State is a beautiful area that has long been valued for recreation, natural resources, scenic values and productive forest lands that fuel Maine's forest product industries. These traditional uses, which would be protected in perpetuity by this conservation project, are of tremendous value to the local communities and the region's economy.  Recent changes in land ownership and land use has led to local concern that the character of the Tumbledown/Mt. Blue area will be permanently altered. This has prompted the State, local businesses, and conservation groups to promote a long-term conservation vision for the region that will prevent this forested landscape from being converted as a result of development pressures. Making this conservation vision a reality entails the acquisition of 31,240 acres around Mt. Blue State Park and along Tumbledown Mountain through fee and easement purchases.  Funding the Tumbledown/Mt. Blue Conservation project will enable the State to protect critical properties adjacent to the park and some of Maine's most scenic areas--including Tumbledown Mountain, Jackson Mountain, Blueberry Mountain, and trailheads leading to these peaks. I would also proudly point out to my colleagues that Mt. Blue State Park is one of Maine's most popular recreation spots and was recently voted by Outdoor magazine as one of the ten best family vacation areas in the country. The area contains rugged summits, alpine ridges, and wetlands, as well as habitat for the federally listed bald eagle and one of Maine's only successful peregrine falcon nesting terrorities.  I am pleased to say that several landowners within the project area are ready now to put their resource lands into a conservation plan that will permanently protect and allow public access to recreation lands, scenic areas, and trailheads leading up Tumbledown, while providing for sustainable harvesting on the more productive and less environmentally sensitive forested areas. This is a locally driven win-win approach to resolving the various concerns that arise out of changes in the region. I applaud the many individuals and groups that have invested time in bringing this project about. It is heartening to know how deeply they care about their community, and I appreciate having this opportunity to determine my support for their efforts.  Last year, because of the generous funding level the Interior Subcommittee was able to provide the Forest Legacy Program, $1.17 million was allocated to the Mt. Blue/Tumbledown Mountain project for the first phase of acquisition. This year, to complete the project another $4 million is needed. I am concerned that unless we make funding progress in fiscal year 2002 with the willing sellers now in place, Maine will lose a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to protect a truly wonderful resource.  I want to thank very much the Senators from West Virginia and Montana for their willingness to work with me and Senator Snowe on this critical important project.  