President, I rise today to recognize the remarkable public service of the Honorable Arthur M. Levitt, Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the longest-serving chairman in the history of the SEC. Mr. Levitt will be departing the Commission soon with a proud legacy of accomplishment--a legacy that has made his tenure as Chairman one of extraordinary distinction as well as one of unusual duration.  Correctly seeing his position as a stewardship for the public good, Chairman Levitt has consistently set aside partisan concerns to advocate tirelessly on behalf of the individual investor. He has also implemented changes that have strengthened the public's trust in U.S. securities markets.  Chairman Levitt was first appointed to a five-year term in 1993, and was reappointed in 1998. No stranger to economic issues and the American securities market, he previously had served as Chairman of the New York City Economic Development Corporation, as well as Chairman of the American Stock Exchange. In addition, Mr. Levitt owned a newspaper that is very familiar to those of us who work on Capital Hill: Roll Call.  During his eight-year tenure, Chairman Levitt has consistently worked to deliver the important message that investors must use the increasing amounts of information available to them to do more research before investing. He traveled extensively across the country to spread this message, holding 43 Investors' Town Meetings. At these events, Chairman Levitt took pains personally to educate investors about their rights and their obligations, while giving them the tools they need to invest wisely and to protect themselves from securities scams.  On one particularly memorable occasion in 1998, Chairman Levitt was scheduled to speak at an Investor's Town Meeting in Bangor, Maine. When bad weather thwarted his efforts to reach Bangor and the nearly 600 Maine citizens awaiting him, Chairman Levitt improvised, answering all of the questions from the audience by phone in what may have been the biggest conference call in the history of the State. In Maine, we truly appreciate a person's ability to overcome the elements.  Chairman Levitt also brought his expertise to Capitol Hill, testifying in 1997 before the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which I chair, about problems in the micro-cap markets--including penny stock fraud--and providing investors valuable insights on how to avoid falling victims to the predators who lie in wait for the unwary. Chairman Levitt testified before my Subcommittee again in 1999, this time on the risks associated with day trading. Investor alertness and diligence have been his watchwords, and his advice in this regard has been consistently sound.  A strong proponent of technological advances, Chairman Levitt worked to promote the use of technology not only in securities transactions, but also in helping inform and educate investors through the Internet. Under his guidance, the SEC's first Web site went online in 1995. Today, it provides valuable information and services--including access to the Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval database (also known as ``EDGAR''), which contains a large volume of information about public companies, including corporate annual reports filed with the SEC and disclosures of purchases and sales by corporate insiders. The SEC's Web site also has an Investor Education and Assistance service, which advises investors on how to invest wisely and avoid fraud, answers the public's questions, and reviews investors' complaints.  Chairman Levitt has truly been a man for his time. With Americans flocking to take part in what has been the longest bull market in U.S. history, he championed the right of the small investor to a level playing field with the big institutions. Last year, for example, the SEC approved the adoption of a regulation on Fair Disclosure, which requires companies to disclose material, nonpublic information--such as earnings results and projections--simultaneously to Wall Street analysts and the public. This new regulation makes significant strides toward bringing individual investors into the information ``loop'' on a timely basis.  In addition, Chairman Levitt oversaw the SEC's adoption in 1998 of the Plain English Rule, which requires that public companies and mutual funds prepare the cover page, summary, and risk factor portions of their prospectuses in clear, concise, and understandable English. The Plain English Rule finally makes prospectuses accessible to those outside the small circle of securities lawyers and market professionals accustomed to reading them.  Chairman Levitt has worked to ensure that the small investor gets the best available price. In 1997, the SEC adopted its Order Handling Rule, which places individual investors' bids on an equal footing with those of professional traders on the NASDAQ. This Rule is designed to prevent collusion among dealer and to promote competition in the market. At the same time, Chairman Levitt has overseen the SEC's vigorous efforts to root out Internet securities fraud and bring the perpetrators to justice.  Protecting investors' rights and rooting out securities fraud have long been among my primary interests, and I have been both delighted and very fortunate to be able to work toward these ends with an SEC Chairman who shares a powerful commitment to these goals. Mr. President, while small investors are losing a true friend at the SEC, I am confident that the benefits he brought them will endure for many years to come.  Mr. President, I wish to thank Chairman Levitt for shepherding the securities market into the 21st Century, and ensuring that America's thriving markets are open to all investors, big and small, and are worthy of the public's confidence. I offer him my very best wishes for his future undertakings.  