President, I thank the Senator from Wisconsin for his very gracious comments. We would not be where we are today without his tenacity in pushing for true campaign finance reform.  I want to respond, also, to the comments made by the Senator from Connecticut and the Senator from Michigan and thank them for their support of the Wyden-Collins proposal. Senator Dodd and Senator Feingold also raised a very important point, and that is, the deluge of negative attack ads discourages people from voting and really turns off the American public. This is exacerbated by the fact that a lot of times it is not evident who is sponsoring these ads, who is behind these charges and allegations that are hurled particularly in the final days of the campaign.  I believe the Snowe-Jeffords amendment will help in that regard and that the amendment Senator Wyden and I are sponsoring today will make very clear that when a candidate launches a negative ad attacking his opponent, that candidate will have to take responsibility for that ad.  It is important to note, however, that there is nothing wrong with a candidate running an ad that discusses policy differences. Indeed, that is valuable to the political discourse and debate. And, indeed, as Senator Levin pointed out, there is nothing in our amendment that prevents a candidate from running an irresponsible attack ad that perhaps is a vicious attack on an opponent's character. But if that is done--in either case--the candidate has to take responsibility for the ad.  Under our proposal, the candidate's picture would appear at the end of the ad and the candidate would have to have a statement saying he or she approved the ad in order to get the lowest broadcast rate. So we are not, in any way, attempting to regulate speech or attempting to impose our ideas of what constitutes an appropriate ad. Rather, all we are doing is saying that if a candidate runs an ad that talks about his opponent, he has to own up to that ad. He has to clearly state that he paid for the ad, that he is responsible for its content.  I think that would have the very beneficial effect of making candidates think twice before hurling accusations that perhaps are exaggerated or unfounded against an opponent. I believe it would help elevate the political debate and it would help curb some of the egregious negative ads that offend all of us.  So I thank the Senator from Michigan, the Senator from Connecticut, and the Senator from Wisconsin for their support of this proposal. In particular, I thank my colleague from Oregon for the opportunity to work with him to craft what I think is a reasonable proposal, a modest but important first step that will help improve the quality of our campaigns.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  