President, I rise today to discuss the importance of energy policy to our national security and to urge my colleagues to speed passage of the Department of Defense Authorization bill.  A sound energy policy is critical to our Nation's security. The United States is currently 56 percent dependent on foreign oil. By 2020, this number could rise to 70 percent. At that time, over 64 percent of the world's oil exports will come from Persian Gulf nations. I shudder to think what could happen if we allow ourselves to not only become so dependent on foreign oil, but also for our nation to become so dependent on such an unstable part of the world.  Senator Chuck Schumer and I have spent a great deal of time developing a balanced, bipartisan energy plan which both increases supply and decreases demand. Our plan would increase American self reliance by reducing the need for energy imports. Our plan would also benefit consumers by reducing energy prices. We have a lot of good ideas, and, at the right time and on the right vehicle, we would like the opportunity to have them considered by the Senate.  However, now is not the right time and the Defense Authorization bill is not the right vehicle. Our first priorities must be to provide assistance to victims, to prevent future attacks, and to punish those responsible for the horrible acts of terror that occurred on September 11. A sound energy policy is critically important to the long-term viability of our national defense, as well as to virtually every segment of society. We cannot, however, respond to terrorist attacks by rushing through a controversial energy bill that will affect the course of domestic policy in the United States for decades to come.  Indeed, California has shown us what can happen when poor energy policies are hastily adopted. Californians will suffer from excessive energy prices for years upon years as a result of a poorly conceived energy plan. We should not risk similarly burdening all Americans by hastily attaching energy legislation to a defense bill.  Issues of timing and appropriateness aside, some of the energy proposals that have been heralded as necessary in the wake of the terrorist attacks of September 11 are in fact poor energy policy and poor environmental policy. I find particularly disingenuous the argument that we need to make an immediate decision on opening the coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil drilling.  Drilling in ANWR will not provide any oil in time to help fuel our forces fighting the scourge of terrorism. If we were to open ANWR to oil drilling today, it would still take up to 10 years for the oil to make it to market. Furthermore, according to a report by the US Geological Survey, there is only about a 6-month supply of economically recoverable oil in ANWR. Clearly, 6 months of oil 10 years from now won't do much to help America respond to the terrible tragedies of September 11.  We can achieve greater and more immediate energy security by increasing our energy efficiency. According to one scientist who testified before the Senate Government Affairs Committee last year, the United States could cut reliance on foreign oil by more than 50 percent by increasing energy efficiency by 2.2 percent per year. This is a much greater benefit than the few percent improvement that drilling in ANWR would provide, and the benefits could start almost immediately--not in 10 years. I note that the United States has a tremendous record of increasing energy efficiency when we put our minds to it: following the 1979 OPEC energy shock, the United States increased its energy efficiency by 3.2 percent per year for several years. With today's improvements in technology, 2.2 percent is easily attainable.  In addition, Senators Feinstein, Snowe, Schumer and I introduced legislation earlier this year that would save consumers a million barrels of oil per day and billions of dollars by increasing CAFE standards for SUVs. That legislation would do far more to increase our energy security than would drilling in the Arctic.  We should also do more to promote alternative fuels. According to an analysis prepared by the Department of Energy, if only 10 percent of the gasoline in American cars were replaced with alternative fuels, the price of oil would fall by $3 per barrel and Americans would save over $20 billion a year, in addition to greatly improving our energy security.  The chair and ranking members of the Energy Committee, Senators Bingaman and Murkowski, have put a tremendous amount of effort into developing comprehensive energy proposals. Each of their proposals contain many, many excellent provisions. I would like to thank them and all members of the energy committee for their hard work. However, I must emphasize that their work is too important, and the implications for the entire Nation too significant, to be hurriedly attached to another bill without adequate time for debate.  We need to adopt balanced legislation to increase our energy security, but we need to do so in a rational manner. Energy security is too important not to be addressed on its own merits by the full Senate. Furthermore, our defense needs are too important not to allow the Defense Authorization bill to go forward. Senators Levin and Warner have worked extremely hard on that bill, and have put together a bill that is critical for the defense of our Nation. I implore all of my colleagues, please, for the good of America, speed passage of the Defense Authorization bill.  