President, I will be brief because I see the Senator from Massachusetts also desires to speak. First, I thank my colleague and friend from Wyoming for his extraordinarily generous comments and also for his excellent statement. As a former State senator, he has a great deal of experience in this area. As a businessman, he knows what it is to provide health insurance and to try to provide good benefits for his employees. I am grateful for his support.  Very briefly, I want to respond to a couple of comments that have been made tonight. The former chairman of the Finance Committee, Senator Grassley, talked about the burden on HCFA. I think this is very important because the McCain-Kennedy bill--and, unfortunately, the amendment offered by my friend from Louisiana continues this problem--is expecting that HCFA is somehow going to be able to step into the role of insurance regulator, which is something the States have performed well for more than 50 years.  Look at what would be required under the Breaux-Jeffords amendment. Let me read you one part of the burden on the Secretary under the provisions called ``Petition Process'':       Effective on the date on which the provisions of this Act      become effective, as provided for in section 401, a group      health plan, health insurance issuer, participant,      beneficiary, or enrollee may submit a petition to the      Secretary for an advisory opinion as to whether or not a      standard or requirement under a State law applicable to the      plan, issuer, participant, beneficiary, or enrollee that is      not the subject of a certification under this subsection, is      superseded under subsection (a)(1) because such standard or      requirement prevents the application of a requirement of this      title.  In other words, this sets up a process by which the Secretary of HHS is going to be inundated with requests for advisory opinions from anyone who is covered under a State-regulated insurance plan who wants to know whether or not a certain provision of that particular State's laws is superseded by the Federal law. This is just not workable. There is just no way that HCFA is going to be able to take over these responsibilities.  My friend from Louisiana drew the analogy with the State Children's Insurance Plans. I am very proud of that program. I was one of the original cosponsors of the legislation that the Senator from Massachusetts and the Senator from Utah proposed to create this important program to expand access to insurance to low-income children. But these are not analogous situations. We are not talking about a federally funded health program. We are not talking about that. We are talking about the regulation of health insurance.  The Federal Government is not providing funds for this. The Federal Government is not involved in this traditionally. This is entirely different from pointing to a Federal program that happens to be administered by the States but which is federally funded where, of course, it makes sense for the Federal Government to set standards. So it is two entirely different matters.  Finally, I make the point that one should look--and I encourage the Senator from Louisiana to look--at the provisions of his State's laws on consumer and patient protections. They are not identical to the standards in the McCain-Kennedy bill. For example, when you look at the Louisiana law dealing with emergency room access, we find that Louisiana has a law, but that it is crafted in a different way than the McCain-Kennedy bill. So now we have to decide, is it substantially compliant with the provisions of the bill, which would be the standard the Senator from Louisiana would have? It differs in some respects--on reimbursements, on how much is covered, on poststabilization care.  If the State of Louisiana crafted a law dealing with emergency room access, as they have, why should we second-guess that law? Why should we substitute our judgment for the judgment of the good people of the State of Louisiana?  I remind my colleagues that the States have not fallen down on the job. There are more than 1,100 patient protections out there far beyond the confines of this bill.  Unfortunately, while the Breaux-Jeffords amendment is an improvement over the underlying bill, it is still fatally flawed. I urge my colleagues to vote no on the Breaux-Jeffords amendment and yes on the Collins-Nelson amendment.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  