President, I am pleased to join my colleague, Senator Warner, in introducing this proposal. Senator Warner deserves credit for focusing our attention on the selfless efforts of teachers, and on the financial sacrifices they make, to improve their instructional skills and the classrooms where they teach. As President Bush has put it, ``Teachers sometimes lead with their hearts and pay with their wallets.''  Our amendment expresses the sense of the Senate that Congress should pass legislation providing teachers with tax relief in recognition of the many out-of-pocket, unreimbursed expenses they incur to improve the education of our children. Our amendment is targeted to support the expenditures of teachers who strive for excellence beyond the constraints of what their schools provide. Yet our amendment is broad enough to embrace a number of different approaches to supporting our teachers through the tax code.  Earlier this year, I introduced the Teacher Support Act of 2001, which is supported by good friends, Senators Kyl, Landrieu, and Cochran.  Our bill has two major provisions. First, it would allow teachers and teacher's aides to take an above-the-line deduction for their professional development expenses. Second, the bill would grant educators a tax credit of up to $100 for books, supplies, and equipment that they purchase for their students.  According to a study by the National Education Association, the average public school teacher spends more than $400 annually on classroom materials. This sacrifice is typical of the dedication of so many teachers to their students.  So often, teachers in Maine and throughout the country spend their own money to better the classroom experiences of their students. I recently met with Idella Harter, president of the Maine Education Association, who told me of the books, rewards for student behavior, and other materials that she routinely purchased for her classroom. One year, Idella saved all of her receipts from purchases of classroom materials. She started adding up all thereceipts and was startled to discover that they totaled over $1,000! She said that she decided she better stop counting at that point.  And Idella is not alone, Maureen Marshall, who handles education issues in my office, taught public school for several years in Hawaii and Virginia. In her first year as a teacher, she spent well over $1,000 of her own money on educational software, books, pocket charts to assist with language arts instruction, and other materials. And yet, because of her tax situation, she could not deduct these expenses from her taxable income.  The ultimate beneficiaries of efforts to provide financial assistance to our teachers are our students. Other than involved parents, a well-qualified teacher is the most important prerequisite for student success. Educational researchers have demonstrated the close relationship between qualified educators and successful students. Moreover, educators themselves understand how important professional development is to maintaining and extending their levels of competence. When I meet with teachers from Maine, they repeatedly tell me of their need for more professional development and the scarcity of financial support for this worthy pursuit.  I greatly admire the many educators who have voluntarily financed additional education to improve their skills and to serve their students better and who purchase books, supplies, equipment and other materials that enhance their teaching. By enacting modest changes to our tax code, we can encourage educators to continue to take formal course work in the subject matter that they teach and to attend conferences to give them new ideas for presenting course work in a challenging manner.  I hope that, by adopting this amendment, which is particularly fitting on National Teacher Day, we will pave the way for passage of meaningful tax relief for teachers later this year. I think we should make it a priority to reimburse educators for a small part of what they invest in our children's future.  