President, I rise today to support S. 1438, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002. This bill provides our armed forces the tools necessary to protect, serve, and defend the United States of America and our allies. Recent events underscore the critical importance of this bill: as the country mourns those lost in last week's terrorist attacks, our armed forces must stand at the ready.  This bill has many laudable initiatives, including several efforts from all three of the subcommittees on which I serve: Seapower, Emerging Threats and Capabilities, and Personnel.  In the area of Seapower, our subcommittee was faced with the difficult task of balancing the competing priorities of: new construction of ships for our naval fleet; sustaining our current platforms and weapons systems; and investing in the weapons systems and platforms of the future. I am pleased that this bill takes important steps to ensure that our naval forces can continue to command the seas and project power ashore while sustaining a viable industrial base to support our future national security needs.  The bill approves more than $9 billion in funding for such major programs as three DDG-51 Arleigh Burke class destroyers, one SSN-774 Virginia class attack submarine, and one T-AKE auxiliary cargo and ammunition ship. It is critical that the U.S. Navy's destroyer program sustain a viable production rate to ensure a smooth transition from the current DDG-51 Arleigh Burke destroyer program to the future land attack destroyer program, DD-21, which will form the backbone of our future fleet.  The bill further authorizes advance procurement funding for four LPD-17 amphibious transport dock ships and the LHD-8 amphibious assault ship. Full funding of $643.5 million for the continued research and development for the DD-21 Zumwalt land attack destroyer program is also included in this bill. This is particularly important in light of the House's unfortunate decision to cut the DD-21 authorization for the coming fiscal year.  DD-21 will be vital to assure and sustain access to areas of U.S. interests overseas. It will do so very efficiently, with a target crew size of less than 100 and other design innovations that result in significant life-cycle cost reductions over the current destroyer program. The U.S. security strategy to defeat adversaries that seek to deny us access to littoral regions of the world will be critically dependent on U.S. ships that are harder to target and attack, and on weapons systems that can deliver combat power ashore.  The Seapower Subcommittee also allocated substantial resources to strengthen aviation assets in the areas of airlift, as well as for patrol, reconnaissance and surveillance platforms. The bill authorizes nearly $90 million in additional funding to sustain readiness for C-17 maintenance trainers and improved shipboard navigation radars, among other items. Additionally, the bill provides more than $170 million to improve the ability to meet non-traditional threats, including $96 million for P-3 modifications to increase the capability of the P-3 aircraft to support operations in littoral environments. These modifications to the P-3 aircraft will ensure that the aging P-3 aircraft can continue to respond relevant to the changing threat and operational environment.  The Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities has spent a great deal of time this year analyzing the military's ability to meet non-traditional threats. This bill continues to improve the ability of U.S. forces to deter and defend against a very real, asymmetrical and growing terrorist threat. Tragically, we have learned just how real the threat has become. The threat is not ``emerging''; unfortunately, it's real and present.  In light of the recent terrorist attacks and testimony of the military regional Commanders-in-Chief, I believe that we must do more in the areas of force protection, antiterrorism, counter-terrorism training, and research and development in order to protect U.S. forces against weapons of mass destruction, and to help them support domestic efforts to manage the deadly consequences of terrorist attacks on our homeland.  The awful events of September 11th should highlight the urgency of ensuring preparedness in this arena. In this new ``war'' against terrorism, such programs are our front lines.  The Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee sought to improve capabilities to meet non-traditional threats by encouraging the development of technology for the detection, identification, and measurement of weapons of mass destruction agents, investing in research initiatives that will detect biological and chemical weapons, and funding the terrorism readiness initiatives of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  This bill demonstrates our commitment to reexamine and bolster our efforts to combat terrorism and to extend the Defense Department's emphasis upon force protection overseas to include better protection at home as well. One of the first hearings held by the Senate Armed Services Committee this year, for example, focused on ``lessons learned'' from the attack upon the destroyer USS Cole, which had killed 17 sailors. Tragically, we will now have many more lessons to learn.  The Subcommittee on Emerging Threats also has been examining the role of civil support teams in dealing with terrorist attacks and upon broader issues of how we should prepare for ``homeland defense.'' This work has been eye-opening, and the tragic events of the past few days underscore, as perhaps nothing else could, how important it is to support the Defense Department's efforts in these areas.  I am pleased with the work of our Personnel Subcommittee as well. The bill we are considering fully funds the Tricare for Life, TFL, initiative authorized in the FY 2001 National Defense Authorization Act, while also improving the compensation and quality of life of U.S. forces and families. The committee added $700 million to the budget request to improve compensation and quality of life, including additional funds to reduce service members' out-of-pocket housing costs, to increase higher education opportunities, and to provide personal gear to improve the safety and comfort of U.S. forces in the field.  Effective January 1, 2002, every service member will receive a pay raise of at least 5 percent, and personnel in certain pay grades will receive targeted pay raises ranging between 6 and 10percent. These will be the largest increases in military pay since 1982. Further, the bill supports the budget request of $17.9 billion for the Defense Health Program, which represents a significant increase in order to meet rising costs of medical care and increased benefits for military retirees.  While it is our responsibility to exercise our best judgment regarding the security of our Nation, we must do so while considering the administration's current priorities, as well as the emergent needs of our sailors, soldiers, airmen, and marines. In this time of constrained resources and limited budgets, every initiative needs to be carefully considered in the wake of traditional and non-traditional threats.  With that said, it is my belief that we in Congress, and this administration have some very tough choices to make, not only in the areas of missile defense and the new war on terrorism, but also in developing a integrated national security strategy, force structure, and future investments critical to our armed forces. Such fundamental decisions should be made first, and we should move forward to the evaluation of where and how our force structure should be supported.  While the debate continues on how to transform our armed forces, and the committee takes action to support our armed forces and the administration's priorities, I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge and thank Chairman Levin and Senator Warner for their tireless efforts to tackle these very tough issues and produce an authorization bill that funds a number of critical priorities and provides support for the men and women of our armed forces.  I wish to make a few points in response to the speech given by my distinguished colleague from Arizona earlier today on the issue of base closures.  Many of us have made the argument that it makes far more sense to determine our force structure, particularly in light of the new emphasis that must be placed on homeland defense before we proceed with closing installations that may well prove to be needed later on.  But it isn't just those of us serving in the Senate who support Senator Bunning's amendment who feel that way. Let me quote from an answer that our Secretary of the Army, Thomas White, gave to a question regarding base closures put to him by Senator Dorgan at a hearing before the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee in June. Senator Dorgan gave an excellent speech on this issue earlier. Secretary White said:       I think that the cart's a little before the horse. The      first thing we have to nail down is what the national      military strategy is . . . in accordance with the QDR      process. That's step one.       Step two is sizing the force against the strategy, and that      will flow out of the exercises currently ongoing.       And the third step will be what's the most efficient basing      for that force, and only at that stage of the game, when we      try to figure out the most efficient way to base the force      and to support it from a business perspective, will we get      into which infrastructure is excess or not. This has got to      be a strategy driven exercise.  Ironically, Secretary Rumsfeld, in arguing for base closures, also makes the point that:       Our future needs as to base structure are uncertain and      strategy dependent.  This is the wrong time. We face tremendous challenges. We should not be embarking on a whole new round of closing and downsizing base installations until we know what our needs are. And then, Mr. President, we should not be using the discredited BRAC process.  My colleague from Maine, Senator Snowe, and I have extensive experience with the BRAC process. We have found it to be unfair. We have found it to be inconsistent in its application.  If the Pentagon identifies bases that are truly excess, that are not needed--and I recognize there is excess capacity--then the Pentagon should identify those bases and put it in the budget. Why should we put every community across this country that hosts a base through the uncertainty, the worry, and the expense of hiring consultants to make the case for the retention of their base? That just does not make sense.  We are experiencing this right now in Maine the Pentagon's closure of a base in Winter Harbor. We wish that this Navy installation, which has been there for more than 70 years, were going to remain open, but, unfortunately, its mission has become obsolete. What the Maine congressional delegation is doing is working with the local communities, with the Park Service, and with DOD, on a transition plan so it can be effectively reused. We do not need to endure the uncertainties of a politicized BRAC system.  Finally, I want to respond to the comments made by the Senator from Arizona about the need for improved housing for our troops. I could not agree with him more. I have visited our troops stationed at the DMZ in Korea. I was shocked and appalled at how bad the housing was for our brave men and women who are serving there on the front lines. We do have to do better. But that is a completely separate issue from the issue of whether now is the time to embark on base closures.  Now is not the time--now is the worst possible time--to divert the energies of the civilian and military leaders of the Pentagon into an exercise of closing bases that may well prove to be needed later. Now is certainly not the time to create concern and chaos and confusion in every community that has proudly hosted a military installation and is supporting our men and women in uniform. Now is certainly not the time to embark on another round of base closures when all of our energies must be focused on the overriding goal of crushing the international network of terrorist organizations that have so harmed our Nation and its citizens.  I urge support for the amendment offered by the Senator from Kentucky.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  