President, I am very pleased that President Bush today has sent forth to the Congress a package of education reforms that carries through on his promise to make improving the education of our children his top priority. I believe the program he has proposed sets forth the basis for a bipartisan reform bill that I hope we will very shortly consider.  Last August, President Bush traveled to Maine with, Roderick Paige, now his Secretary of Education, and met with educators from my State. I was extremely impressed with his heartfelt commitment to improving the education of all the children in America, and with the progress that he has made in the State of Texas on what is perhaps the greatest challenge our country faces; that is, narrowing the achievement gap between disadvantaged, low-income children and their more advantaged peers.  We know today that 70 percent of the fourth graders in the highest poverty schools cannot read at the basic level. That is both shameful and unacceptable, and it is a compelling reason why I so strongly support the President's pledge to leave no child behind. I am particularly pleased that his education package contains two provisions that will be very helpful to my home State of Maine.  I am very proud of Maine's public schools. We do very well in providing a quality education for all of our children. But we, like the Presiding Officer, have many school districts that are very small. They find it very difficult to cope with the rules, redtape and paperwork that apply to literally hundreds of Federal programs. The President's proposal would allow school districts to consolidate many of these programs and use the money for their most pressing needs. One school may need to hire more math and science teachers. Another may need to have computers in the classroom. Still another may need to provide a new program for gifted and talented programs. Yet another may have new construction needs. By allowing more flexibility in the use of Federal funds, President Bush has sent a strong signal that he trusts parents, teachers, and local school boards to know what is best for their students and give them the flexibility they need while holding them strictly accountable for improved student achievement. Isn't that what really counts?  We want to be certain that our children are learning. What we don't need is too much or our educators' attention diverted to whether or not they filled out some Federal form correctly. I am very pleased that is an important focus of President Bush's election package.  I am also delighted that he has included legislation authored by Senator Kyl of Arizona and myself that will allow teachers to have a tax deduction of up to $400 to help defray the costs when teachers, out of their own pockets, buy supplies for their classrooms. We all know teachers do this every day. Indeed, according to a study by the National Education Association, the average K-12 teacher spends $408 annually on classroom materials. By enacting our proposal, we can send a message of appreciation to teachers who are so dedicated to their students that they reach deep into their own pockets to buy supplies to enhancetheir classrooms. We ought to help these dedicated professionals defray the costs associated with such classroom expenses.  I would like to see that bill broadened to allow all teachers to deduct the costs of professional development courses they undertake at their own expense. I know in the State of Maine we have many dedicated teachers who, at their own expense, pursue their education to make them even better teachers. I think we should help defray those expenses as well.  I look forward to working as a member of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, with the Presiding Officer, Senator Judd Gregg who has been such a leader on this issue, our distinguished chairman, Jim Jeffords, and with many on both sides of the aisle who are committed to the goals and the challenges the President has set forth for us today. The President has challenged us to ensure that every child in America, no matter where she lives or the income level of her family, will have the very best public education possible. I intend to answer the President's challenge.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield any remaining time of my 5 minutes to Mr. Gregg, the Senator from New Hampshire.  