Our amendment will give true deference to State laws and the traditional authority of States to regulate insurance while ensuring that each State addresses the specific patient protections provided in this legislation.  We should pass a strong, binding Patients' Bill of Rights. We should pass a bill that holds HMOs accountable for promised care and that ensures that patients receive the health care they need when they need it. However, we should do so in a responsible way that does not add excessive costs and complexity to an already strained health care system.  Congress should act to provide the important protections that consumers want and need without causing costs to soar and without preempting State insurance laws. We can do so by passing a carefully crafted bill.  I strongly believe we should not preempt or supersede but, rather, build upon the good work the States have done in the area of patients' rights and protections. States have had the primary responsibility for regulating insurance since the 1940s. For more than 60 years, States have been responsible for protecting insurance consumers. As someone who has overseen a bureau of insurance in State government for 5 years, I know firsthand that our States' bureaus of insurance do an excellent job of protecting consumers' rights.  One of the myths in the debate on this legislation is that unless the Federal Government preempts State insurance laws, millions of Americans will somehow be unprotected in their disputes with HMOs. That simply is not true. For example, as this chart demonstrates, the States have been extremely active in passing patient protections. In fact, they have been way ahead of the Federal Government and they have acted without any prod or mandate from Washington. Look at this activity: 44 States have dealt with the issue of emergency room access; 49 States have passed laws prohibiting gag clauses in insurance contracts that restrict what a physician can tell a patient. Whether it is access to OB/GYNs, continuity of care, or many of the other issues such as internal or external appeals or patient information, the States have been extremely active in this area. Every single State has acted to pass some sort of patient protections.  As is so often the case, it has been the States that have led the way. They have been the laboratories for insurance reform. Moreover, we know one size does not fit all. What may well be appropriate for one State simply may be unworkable or unneeded or too costly in another. What may be appropriate for California, which has a high penetration of HMOs, may simply not be necessary in a State such as Alaska or Wyoming where there is virtually no managed care. In such States, a new blanket of heavyhanded Federal mandates and coverage requirements simply drives up costs that impede rather than expand access to health insurance. That is why the National Association of Insurance Commissioners and the National Conference of State Legislators are very concerned about the language in the McCain-Kennedy bill. The language in that bill will force all States to adopt virtually identical Federal standards.  I recently received a letter from the president of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. She writes that States have faced the challenges and produced laws that balance the two-part objectives of protecting consumer rights and preserving the availability and affordability of coverage. For the Federal Government to unilaterally impose its one-size-fits-all standards on the States could be devastating to State insurance markets.  I think we should heed that caution. I think we should heed that warning. The Federal Government does have an important role to play in regulating the self-funded plans under ERISA. That is where our effort should be focused.  States are precluded from applying patient protections to these federally regulated plans, and that is why we need a Federal law to ensure that consumers, enrolled in insurance plans beyond the reach of State regulators, have strong patient protections. But the Federal Government should not be in the business of second-guessing and overriding and preempting the carefully crafted patient protections that have been negotiated by our State legislators and Governors to meet the needs of their States' citizens. States which seized the initiative and acted on their own should not have to revise their carefully tailored laws simply to comply with a one-size-fits-all Federal mandate.  Under the McCain-Kennedy bill, the Federal Government would preempt existing State laws unless the State has enacted protections that are ``substantially equivalent to and as effective as'' the Federal standard.  A reasonable person's interpretation of that standard is the States will have to pass new laws wiping out their carefully crafted work, that are virtually identical to the standards in the McCain-Kennedy bill.  The approaches taken by the 50 States to the same type of patient protection vary widely, and with good reason in many cases. Why should States that have already acted on their own to provide strong, workable patient protections have to totally change and make extensive changes in their laws? That is why the National Council of State Legislators supports the Collins-Nelson amendment. It is extremely important to State legislators that theydo not have to spend valuable time recrafting and rewriting and reenacting laws already on the books that meet the needs of their citizens.  In a recent letter to Senator Nelson and myself, the National Council of State Legislators wrote:       [We] support this amendment. States are best situated to      provide oversight enforcement of the patient and provider      protections established in this legislation. The record of      the states is strong. We are looking for an approach that      supports the traditional role of States in the regulation of      insurance and that recognizes the differences in State      insurance plans and provides a mechanism for States to      protect those markets.  Again, let me be clear. There is a role for the Federal Government, and that is to make sure that those plans, regulated under ERISA, beyond the reach of State regulators, include patient protections. That is why we need a Federal law to accomplish that goal.  It is all well and good and appropriate if Congress decides it wants to impose a specific requirement or mandate on these federally regulated insurance plans. But the Federal Government needs to be careful in respecting the good work the States have done.  Moreover, let's look at the practical consequences of what would happen under the McCain-Kennedy bill. If a State fails to revise its laws to conform to the Federal standard, under the McCain-Kennedy bill the Health Care Finance Administration, HCFA, would displace the State as the enforcer of insurance patient protection.  Talk about a right without a remedy. If there is no enforcement, there is no protection, and experience has already shown that HCFA is completely incapable of carrying out this responsibility.  The Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee on which I serve has held yearly hearings to examine the problems that HCFA has experienced as it has attempted to implement and enforce the 1996 Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. There are many GAO reports. This one is entitled: Progress Slow In Enforcing Federal Standards in Nonconforming States. That is because HCFA is totally ill-equipped to take on this task.  Our States' bureaus of insurance know how to do the job. They have been doing it for 60 years, and they have been doing it well. Consumers should be very concerned, since HCFA has already proven that it is not capable of enforcing existing Federal insurance standards in States that don't conform. In fact, HCFA has shown it cannot even assess the degree of compliance with those Federal laws, where HCFA does play a role. We should be very concerned that we are proposing an empty promise.  The States have the systems, the infrastructure necessary to receive and process consumer complaints in a timely fashion and to hold insurers accountable to ensure that they comply with State laws. To me, the bottom line is very simple. My constituents would much rather call the bureau of insurance in Gardiner, ME, than have to deal with the HCFA office in Baltimore if they have a problem with their insurance.  Another problem of the McCain-Kennedy approach is that it would create a dual enforcement structure that would be extremely confusing for consumers and, frankly, completely unworkable. Under this bill, if some State laws met the new standards but others did not, who would be the regulator? Would it be HCFA or would it be the bureau of insurance? Would it be HCFA for some parts of the insurance contract and the bureau of insurance in the State for other parts of it?  This simply does not work. We would be creating a situation where a patient may have to go to a State bureau of insurance for questions or problems associated with certain patient protections and then try to deal with HCFA if the patient has problems or questions with other parts.  Therefore, Senator Nelson and I, supported by a number of our colleagues, are offering an amendment that will give true deference to State laws and the traditional authority of States to regulate insurance. At the same time, we will ensure that each State considers and addresses the specific patient protections proposed by this legislation.  First, our amendment would grandfather all State patient protection laws that are in place prior to the effective date of this act. That is October 1 of next year. A State would just certify to the Secretary of HHS that it has addressed one or more of the patient protection requirements to be in compliance with the law. This provision would also give States that have not considered these patient protections an incentive to act before the effective date to avoid Federal intrusion and challenges to their laws.  Second, if by the effective date a State has been certified as compliant with all the patient protections in the legislation, it will immediately become eligible for funds from a new patient quality enhancement grant program. States that are not in full compliance by the effective date of the legislation would be required to meet a higher standard in order to be eligible for funds under this new program. If a State has not acted by the effective date, it would have to certify to the Secretary, for each of the remaining protections, that either the State has enacted a law that is ``consistent with the purposes of the Federal standard'' or decline to enact a law because the adverse impact of the law on premiums would lead to a decline in coverage or simply because the existence of a managed care market in the State is negligible; it is just not relevant to that State.  Our amendment would recognize the States are the experts in this area. They have led the way. Consumers are best protected if we continue to respect the work that the States have done and give deference to the State's traditional authority to regulate insurance.  I reserve the remainder of my time but yield to the Senator from Nebraska, my principal cosponsor, who is a true expert in this area. He knows more than any other Senator. I hope my colleagues will listen very carefully. It has been a great pleasure to work with him on this issue about which we both care a great deal.  