President, Americans woke up this morning a sadder and angrier people. It is very difficult to wrap one's mind around the terrible tragedy this country suffered yesterday, and still harder to comprehend what must have been in the hearts of the people willing to commit such atrocities against their fellow human beings. It is very hard even to find the words to speak about it.  But speaking about it is something that we must do. The American people and the government of the United States of America must today speak with crystalline clarity. The families and friends of those killed or wounded in these awful terrorist attacks must know that the prayers of every American, and of millions upon millions of people around the world, are with them this day. The heroic firefighters, police officers, rescue workers, National Guardsmen, doctors, nurses, and volunteering citizens who are even now struggling to find and save the lives of surviving victims must know that our hearts and deepest gratitude are with them in their vital work. Our commander-in-chief and all the men and women of our armed forces, our law enforcement community, and our intelligence agencies must know that we stand behind them as perhaps never before in my lifetime, as they set about with grim resolution to ensure that justice is done to those responsible.  And the evil people who planned and committed these atrocities, and those who may have aided and abetted them, must know that far from paralyzing the American people and dividing us fearfully against each other, what they have done instantly is to unite us into one people. We awoke this morning united in the solidarity of grief and commitment to our fellow-citizens, and utterly single-minded in our determination to remain unbowed and to see justice done.  These, then, are the messages that we must send today--and that we must keep sending with relentless determination in the difficult weeks and months ahead. America lost a measure of innocence yesterday, a degree of that special separateness that has helped to keep our land of liberty safe from some of the storms that have long battered other peoples in an often turbulent world.  We are clearly not as separate, nor as safe, as once we thought. But no one should doubt our resolve and our resilience. It is in moments like this that the special character or our great Republic can and should shine through with particular brilliance. It shines through in our sacrifices in helping our fellow citizens in terribly trying times. It shines through in our commitment, even in adversity, to the bedrock values that make our system of government worth protecting even as these values draw the murderous ire of twisted souls whose only answer to the discourse of liberty is a vocabulary of violence, terror, and death.  As we rescue survivors and comfort the bereaved, we also will set about finding those responsible. We must respond to these horrors in ways befitting our voice as a free and united people. But let there be no doubt. Respond we must, and respond we shall.  As difficult as it is to find a voice to talk about the horrors we experienced yesterday morning, I believe that by finding our voice amidst such shock, rage, and pain, we reaffirm our most cherished principles. With God's help, we will persevere, find comfort in our grief, and find strength in the days ahead.  