I would like to conclude my statement.  We do need strong remedies to prevent HMOs from denying needed care. There is no dispute over that point. All of us are deeply troubled by cases in which an HMO has acted in a way that was not in the best interest of the patient. That is not what this debate is about. The debate is about the best way to solve those problems, to ensure that every patient gets the care that he or she needs when they need it. That is what the debate is about.  That is why a strong, independent, and binding appeals process is critical to ensure that patients get the care they need when they need it; that they get the care they were promised. They should not have to hire an attorney and file a lawsuit to get the health care they need. They just can't sue their way to quality care. That is why the key is to make sure that we have an appeals process that is binding, that is independent, and that will force the HMO to provide the care that has been promised.  I am particularly concerned that the liability provisions in the McCain-Kennedy bill, as currently drafted, could well discourage employers that currently voluntarily provide health insurance to 172 million employees and their families from continuing to offer coverage. While the McCain-Kennedy bill claims to protect employers, the fact is, as I read the bill, they would be subject to both new Federal and State lawsuits authorized under the bill.  Under the McCain-Kennedy bill, a trial lawyer just needs to allege that an employer directly participated in a medically reviewable decision to force that employer to court. The direct participation standard in S. 1052 does not shield employers from being sued. It simply gives them a defense that they can raise in court. Being subject to such lawsuits will be particularly hard, potentially ruinous for small business owners who cannot afford the tens of thousands of dollars they would have to spend on attorney's fees to fight these kinds of cases in court.  Many Maine employers have expressed their serious concerns about the liability and scope provisions of the McCain-Kennedy bill. I met, for example, with the assistant director of human resources at Bowdoin College who talked about how moving to a self-funded ERISA plan enabled the college to continue to offer affordable coverage to Bowdoin employees when premiums for their fully insured plan skyrocketed in the late 1980s. Since they were self-funded, they were actually able to lower their premiums for their employees and at the same time enhance their benefit package with such features as well-baby care, free annual physicals, and prescription drug cards with low copayments. They told me that a proposal such as the one before us today could seriously jeopardize their ability to offer affordable coverage for their employees.  Similar concerns have been expressed by the Maine Municipal Association, L.L. Bean, Bath Iron Works, and many other very responsible Maine employers that care deeply about providing the best possible health insurance for their employees.  Even though S. 1052 is certain to drive up health insurance costs, it also does nothing to expand access to affordable health insurance. In fact, by driving up costs, it jeopardizes health insurance coverage for people who already have it and puts the cost further out of reach for those who lack it now.  As we proceed with our consideration of legislation to protect patients' rights, we should also be considering ways to expand access to coverage for millions more Americans by making health insurance more affordable.  As the Presidential Advisory Commission on Consumer Protection and Quality noted in its report which was done for President Clinton, I note: Costs matter. Health coverage is the best consumer protection.  As we proceed in this very important debate, I hope we can continue to work to improve S. 1052 so that it truly protects patients without jeopardizing their insurance coverage and without wiping out the good work of the States.  I was encouraged today by a conversation with Senator McCain in which he indicated that he is very open to resolving some of the problems I have raised in my statement. I hope that we can work together, and at the end of the day I hope we can approve, by an overwhelming vote, a responsible Patients' Bill of Rights that will help ensure that patients receive the care they need, when they need it, without having to resort to hiring an expensive lawyer and filing a lawsuit. That should be a goal that should unite us all.  I look forward to the upcoming debate. I think it is an important one. I hope we can come together on a bipartisan bill that the President will sign, that will make a real difference in the health care for America's patients.  