President, I first commend the Senator from Connecticut for his extraordinary efforts. He has such a commitment to improving the education of disadvantaged children. He has been a leader in this effort, and I am very honored and pleased to join him tonight as his principal cosponsor of a very important amendment.  We talked a great deal during the past few days about what the proper role is for the Federal Government with regard to education. We all agree that States and local communities have the primary responsibility for education, but since the mid-1960s, when the Federal Government first passed the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, the role of the Federal Government has been to promote educational equity, to try to narrow that persistent and troubling achievement gap between disadvantaged children and their peers. That is the reason the Federal Government is involved at all in education. It is to help with the education of the poorest children in this country, to help ensure they have the same opportunities as children from more affluent families.  Title I authorizes Federal aid to State and local education agencies for the education of these disadvantaged children. Title I grants are used to provide supplementary educational and other services to low-achieving children attending schools with relatively high concentrations of pupils from low-income families.  Much has been made of the fact that more than $120 billion has been poured in to title I programs over the past 35years with not much to show for results. I understand that argument, and I am concerned that we have not made more progress in providing educational opportunities to disadvantaged children, but I firmly believe that is about to change.  We are not talking about putting considerably more money and doing things in exactly the same manner. We are not talking about pouring more money into a failed system. Instead, what we are putting forth with this bill is a new approach, a reformed system, a system that sets forth the goal of leaving no child behind, including and especially those children from disadvantaged families.  We are talking about having accountability, of holding schools responsible for what really counts, and that is improving student achievement. We are changing the focus from regulations and rules to results. We are asking the right questions. We are asking the question, ``are our children learning?'' And not, ``Was that form filled out correctly?'' That is a fundamentally different approach to education policy.  With the leadership of President Bush and the Members on both sides of the aisle, the Senate has produced landmark legislation, the BEST Act, legislation that I believe may well be the most important bill we consider this year. It is legislation that I believe will help turn around many failing schools across America.  With this act, we are making a fundamental change in our expectations for our schools. We are rejecting what President Bush has so eloquently called the soft bigotry of low expectations. But along with reforming the system, as we are imposing these new requirements and holding schools accountable for improved student achievement, we need to provide some assistance with the financial aspects of reform.  The amendment I have cosponsored with Senator Dodd will do just that. Our amendment authorizes the Federal Government to provide the poorest schools in our country with significant additional funding over the next 10 years. Our effort would set the goal of fully funding title I programs by the year 2011.  We may not be able to do it. We may not be able to produce the appropriations over the next 10 years that match these authorization levels, but shouldn't we set forth the goal of doing so?  Shouldn't we challenge ourselves, just as we are challenging schools, parents, teachers, administrators, school boards, and students all over this great Nation to increase their standards, to set high standards for our children, and to hold schools accountable for improving student achievement?  Shouldn't we, too, set high standards for ourselves? Shouldn't we challenge ourselves to meet the goal of fully funding title I?  That is what our amendment proposes.  We should be troubled by the growing achievement gap between disadvantaged students and their peers. Recent test results suggest we are going in the wrong direction, that the students who are performing the worst are actually getting worse. We cannot accept that. We have to make the difference.  The system has failed to narrow this persistent and troubling achievement gap over the past 35 years. That is why we need the fundamental reforms included in this legislation. But it is also why we need to put more resources into the system to support these new reforms.  We have set these challenging goals for the schools of America. Let members set an equally challenging goal for ourselves to fully fund title I. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and to join with the Senator from Connecticut and with me in setting this goal for America's schools.  I yield the floor.  