President, today the Senate is going to be voting on the motion to instruct conferees for the National Defense Authorization Act to backfill the military construction money the President stole from our troops to pay for his wall--a wall that he gave his word Mexico would pay for.  This is very, very troublesome. I say this as both dean of the Senate and as President pro tempore emeritus. In that role, I have arguably supported and voted for more funding for our military and their families than any Senator--Republican or Democrat--in this Chamber, but on this one, I will urge a ``no'' vote.  As Members of the Senate--there are only 100 of us to represent 350 million Americans--we have a profound responsibility to support those who sacrifice everything for our country. We should not let this be a partisan issue. As I said, I voted for more funding for our troops than any Member of this body. From the soldier we have sent across the globe to the military family left at home, we--all 100 of us--have a responsibility to these men and women, regardless of our politics and our ideology. It is that responsibility that has drawn me to the Senate floor today. I cannot and will not support this motion.  There is $6.1 billion. Let me say that again. There is $6.1 billion--that is $2.5 billion from the Department of Defense and $3.6 billion from military construction projects--that President Trump has stolen from the men and women of our military in fiscal year 2019 alone, just that one year, to pay for his ineffective, vanity wall--a wall that he boasted to the press last week was the ``Rolls-Royce'' of walls.  But just like every Rolls-Royce in the middle of the desert, Trump's wall is nothing more than outrageously expensive and completely useless. Experts agree that a wall will do nothing to address the humanitarian crisis along our southern border.  Families fleeing violence in their home countries--fleeing murder, rape, and other crimes--are openly turning themselves over to Border Patrol officials. They are not trying to sneak across the border. It is a lot different than absconding across the border in the middle of the night.  What has $6.1 billion in stolen funds purchased for the American taxpayers?  Here is the money that was taken away from our military: Children continuing to go to a middle school in Kentucky every day that Pentagon officials have described as ``deficient, inadequate, and undersized''--we took money from that to pay for the wall. Buildings that do not meet the military standards for fire safety or management of explosives, putting American lives at risk--we took money from correcting that to pay for the wall. And there are numerous cases of infrastructure problems that are detrimental to our military's readiness and DOD's national security mission. That is not even mentioning the military housing with mold issues, inadequate daycare facilities for the children of military families, and all the 127 military construction projects President Trump canceled--not delayed but canceled--to pay for his Rolls-Royce of a wall in the middle of the desert.  The $6.1 billion for a Rolls-Royce in the middle of the desert is an even heavier burden for our military families to bear. Outrage does not even begin to describe how I feel about President Trump's actions.  Today, we are being asked to somehow cover up his theft, cover up the fact that he broke his word about Mexico, and cover up the fact that this is a vanity project. We are being asked to give our constitutional blessing to President Trump's contorting the law beyond recognition.  I believe that the Senate is the conscience of the Nation. Contorting the law to undo congressional funding decisions by fiat is not following our conscience, and I will not stand for that.  We are being asked to take the first step to approve $3.6 billion in emergency spending to replace part of what the President stole. Let's make another thing clear. This spending is on top of the discretionary caps agreed to by Congress and the President. So we are being asked to finance this coverup on our children and grandchildren through deficit spending.  I would say this to the President: I believe you said that Mexico was going to pay for your wall, not our troops, not their families, and not future generations of American citizens.  If this were not troubling enough, last week, the press reported in the Washington Post that the Trump administration does not even intend to use this funding to replace what they stole. ``The plan is to sell it as replenishment money for the Defense Department for the $3.6 billion they took this year,'' said one administration official. ``Then, once they got it from Congress, they would take it again.''  What is the saying? Fool Congress once, shame on you. Fool Congress twice, well, shame on us. Congress got fooled once. Are we just going to stand by idly and allow Congress to be fooled again?  I have heard a lot of speeches on this floor, and politicians often wax poetic about their love of our troops. Yet this body--100 Members of this Senate, the body that should be the conscience of our Nation--has done nothing to constrain this President's ability to continue to steal from those troops. We have done little more than shrug at this abuse of our constitutional authority. We have just looked away from the egregious treatment of our troops as a little more than a piggy bank for the President's political pet project. I don't stand for that. I am not going to support that. I will not abandon our profound responsibility to support those who sacrifice everything for our country.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  