President, the reality, of course, is that apprehensions at the southwest border have dropped 75 percent since 2000. The reality is that many of the southern border communities have violent crime rates that are lower than our national average. The reality is that the vast majority of the drugs that are apprehended at the border are seized at the ports of entry, and a wall would do nothing to stop this. The President is either out of touch with reality, willfully ignoring it, or not even reading the material he gets from his administration.  Presidents do have emergency powers, but they should be invoked only in true times of crises. It is an abuse of power to invoke these authorities simply as a political step to energize a President's base. It is an abuse of power to invoke these authorities to fulfill a cynical campaign promise he never should have made. The President knew he would never keep his word or the promise he had made that Mexico would pay for this border wall.  When Congress enacted the National Emergencies Act of 1976 to convey these powers to the President, it assumed whoever sat in the Oval Office would have enough respect for the office and the power being conveyed not to abuse it. President Trump has failed that test. Since 1976, Presidents of the United States--Republicans and Democrats alike--have upheld and passed the test. President Trump has failed the test. Look what he wants to do. The President wants to raid money that is meant for military housing and military base improvements to pay for his wall. This is at a time when studies are coming out that show how our men and women in the military are being housed in inferior or dangerous conditions. Sometimes the buildings have mold and decay, and it affects their health. The buildings are rat invested and roach infested, but the President wants to take the money away from them to build a wall that we do not need. The President has repeatedly decried the amount of drugs coming across our border. But now he wants to raid money that Congress has appropriated for proven drug programs and counter-drug programs to pay for his wall.  Let me repeat that. In order to build a wall that would do very little to stop drugs from coming across our border, President Trump wants to take money away from law enforcement programs that actually prevent drugs from coming across our border or from programs that enhance military readiness. I wish I were making this up. It sounds like something you hear on a comedy program, but it is not comedy, it is reality, and I have to ask, what is going on?  In the days and weeks ahead, the President's emergency declaration--which amounts to an end run around both the Constitution and Congress--is going to be challenged, and it should be. Over the past 2 years, we have seen the erosion of our institutional checks and balances in the face of creeping authoritarianism. The time has come for Congress and members of the President's own party to take a stand. Are we a democracy, or are we an authoritarian government? It is a pretty basic question.  I have been here with every President since President Gerald Ford. They upheld the Constitution, Republicans and Democrats, and they believed in the separation of power. All of them did. We simply cannot afford to now remain silent in the face of such an unprecedented violation of the separation of powers.  It is interesting. As I sit here, I remember some of my Republican friends--and they are my friends--when President Obama was President. They shouted from every rooftop about the lurches of an imperial Presidency. In every Executive order, they saw a threat to Congress's power. In every speech, they surmised the machinations of a lawless strong man--a man Donald Trump claimed wasn't born in the United States. Now, when they are faced with a President who is literally using his Executive powers to fund what Congress specifically would not, my Republican friends should echo the same concerns.  I am glad that some in the Republican Party have begun expressing their reservations about President Trump's national emergency declaration. Certainly a number of Republicans who serve in national security positions who signed on to the materialI have put in the Record did. But fleeting comments to reporters in the hallway are meaningless unless they are willing to follow up their words with their votes.  Today, the House will vote to disapprove the President's declaration. I believe that joint resolution of disapproval will pass the House. In short order, the Senate will have to vote on it. That is going to be the true test. That will be the metric history uses to determine whether Republicans are willing to put our country, our Constitution, and Congress itself over party.  While the President's emergency declaration stumbles its way through the courts, I hope my Republican friends take a moment to take stock of where we are. President Trump will be just a blip in our Nation's history. But for the sake of appeasing a man who hundreds of times made a foolish campaign promise, never grounded in reality, will they forever change the course of the separation of powers in our country? For the sake of appeasing a President who detests any limits or checks on his authority, will they forever diminish the role of Congress as a coequal branch of government? We are the longest surviving democracy on Earth today because there are checks and balances.  I am reminded of words of caution written by George Washington, our Founding Father and our Nation's first President, in his Farewell Address. The words are as true today, and we read this Farewell Address every year on the floor of the Senate. Here is what President Washington wrote over 223 years ago:       It is important, likewise, that the habits of thinking in a      free Country should inspire caution in those entrusted with      its administration, to confine themselves within their      respective Constitutional spheres; avoiding in the exercise      of the Powers of one department to encroach upon another. The      spirit of encroachment tends to consolidate the powers of all      the departments in one, and thus to create whatever the form      of government, a real despotism. . . . If in the opinion of      the People, the distribution or modification of the      Constitutional powers be in any particular wrong, let it be      corrected by an amendment in the way which the Constitution      designates. But let there be no change by usurpation; for      though this, in one instance, may be the instrument of good,      it is the customary weapon by which free governments are      destroyed.  That is what George Washington said. He warned us against despots. Remember, this was a man who could have remained President for life, and he voluntarily stepped down after a second term. He was a man who did that because he wanted democracy to thrive.  He spoke of the three coequal branches of government--the executive, the legislative, and the judiciary--and he was reminding us that if you let one encroach upon the other, you start down the path of despotism. We don't need that in this country, especially in this age. We don't.  We know what despots are like. We see them around the world. We see them in South America today, in one country in particular. We see them in North Korea, where the despot had his uncle executed, his own brother murdered, and thousands of people are imprisoned, starved, and dying. A despot who continues to build nuclear weapons to keep himself in power even as his people die of starvation. In a democracy, that doesn't happen. We have checks and balances for a reason.  I am going to vote aye on this joint resolution of disapproval. I urge all Senators to do the same. Have checks and balances.  I remind the President to treat emergency declarations the same way they have been treated since 1976, the way--certainly in my experience--Presidents Ford, Carter, Reagan, both Bushes, Clinton, and Obama did. That preserved democracy. Was it frustrating to each of them at times? Of course it was. I remember long discussions with President Ford, President Carter, President Reagan, President George H. W. Bush, President George W. Bush, President Clinton, and President Obama. They would say: We want to do this. A number of us had to say: You don't have the authority to do that. And they realized that.  It is not the person who holds the office. It is not the Presiding Officer. It is not me. It is not the other 98 Members of this body. It is not the President of the United States. It is not the Members of the House. It is not the members of the courts. What rules this country is our Constitution. We are a democracy. We must keep it as a democracy. Look what happens in those countries where they ignore democracy and have despots. In Venezuela, people are going without food and medicine. In the Philippines, where there is a despot, there have been murders of people who are just under suspicion, encouraged by him. We have seen the deaths of thousands of people in North Korea because of a despot who does not care and has no sense of morality.  America is so much better. Follow our Constitution. Obey our Constitution. Realize there are checks and balances. Have both Republicans and Democrats stand up and join. Remember what George Washington said. It was good advice back then; it is good advice today.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  