' We will vote on a cloture motion to proceed to H.R. 3055.  I understand that once we are on the bill, Chairman Shelby is going to offer a substitute amendment that will include four bills that were reported from the Appropriations Committee with every Republican and every Democrat voting for them--the Agriculture bill, the Interior bill, the Commerce-Justice-Science bill, and the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development bill.  I know that some feel that sometimes the Congress gets so polarized that we could not have a unanimous vote that the Sun rises in the east, but this was a case where we did in our committee, which has representatives of all wings of the Republican Party and all wings of the Democratic Party. We all voted aye, and I would urge Members to vote aye.  I am pleased that the substitute package will not include the Military Construction and the Veterans Affairs bill, and let me explain why.  The underlying House vehicle we are moving to contains the House version of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill, but the Senate Appropriations Committee has not yet considered this bill. We have not had debate in the committee. We have not had a vote on it in committee. It would be premature to bring it to the Senate floor.  It is an important bill. It is an important bill that I have always supported because it funds critical programs, particularly for our veterans. But President Trump wants to insist on using the bill to take funding from our troops and their families to fund his ineffective wall--a wall that he gave his word Mexico would pay for--and that is unacceptable.  Look at the people who are affected by the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill. Let's not get them tied up in a Presidential campaign promise. Let's look at the military families who are now living in substandard housing. Let's look at the veterans who are not getting the care they need. Let's have a clean bill.  Had the bill with the President's wall been in this--the American people would be paying for it and not Mexico, as the President promised--I would have been unable to support the cloture motion.  I am going to have more to say about each of the four bipartisan bills included in Chairman Shelby's substitute when we turn to them. Hopefully we can by tomorrow. Each one funds programs that are important to the American people and our economy. They make critical investments in affordable housing, infrastructure, rural development, our farming communities, our small businesses, and our environment. They are good bills. I was glad to work with Senator Shelby so we could have these bills before the Senate. They speak to real needs of the American people.  Now we have only 4 short weeks before the continuing resolution we are operating under expires. Four weeks can go by very quickly around here. We need to do our work. We need to do it quickly. We should be able to enact all 12 appropriations bills into law. I was going to say the Senate deserves no less, but it is the American people who deserve no less. So I will continue to work with Senator Shelby and others, both Republicans and Democrats alike, to get these bills done.  We have a vote coming up soon.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  