 Sometimes casting a vote on the Senate floor is just a matter of course. It is something we do routinely, often without considering the impact of that vote on the Senate as an institution, let alone our constitutional Republic as we know it, but this week's vote on President Trump's national emergency declaration is different. It is a pivotal moment in this body's history. It is a stress test of the very notion of separation of powers. The Constitution speaks of Congress as being a coequal branch of government. Well, this is going to be viewed as a moment when Congress either asserted itself as a coequal branch of government or surrendered as a subordinate to the will of a President who now claims his powers are absolute.  This is a President who has said out loud that the Constitution gives him the right to do ``whatever I want asPresident.'' It makes one wonder if the President has ever actually read the Constitution of the United States. This President is attempting to ignore the explicit will of Congress by simply declaring a national emergency to fund his ``big, beautiful'' wall. That is after, time and time and time again, he gave us his word that Mexico would pay for the wall.  For 3 years, he failed to convince Congress that the wall was a good idea. Even when his own party controlled both the House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate, his tweets and tantrums could not convince enough Members that his cynical campaign promise was worthy of tens of billions of dollars of taxpayers' money. He could not convince anybody, Republican or Democrat, that he was telling the truth when he said Mexico would pay for it.  So when Congress did not comply, he directed his yes-people to tell them he could fund his pet project, nonetheless, by declaring a national emergency out of thin air and stealing the money from our troops and their families.  He even admitted his national emergency declaration was a matter of political expediency rather than justified by facts. I remember him standing in the Rose Garden. He said he did not ``need'' to invoke a national emergency; he could ``build the wall over a longer period of time,'' but he just wanted to do it ``faster.'' Once again, the whims and tweets of the President were used to trample our Constitution.  President Trump's declaration of a national emergency to build his wall should offend all 100 Senators--Republicans and Democrats alike--in this body. First and foremost, he is using it to steal $3.6 billion from critical military construction projects that would benefit our men and women in uniform and their families. This impacts 127 military construction projects, including a child development center, an elementary school, a fire and rescue station--all falling victim to his fixation on the wall. He is telling the families of our military who are living in substandard housing--some of it with mold and other damaging health conditions--that, no, you are not going to get that money you need to fix that up. I am going to put it toward my wall.  We already ask our military families to sacrifice so much to keep our country safe. Now they have to sacrifice, yet again, and to what end? To keep this President's ego safe.  Furthermore, I would note that his national emergency declaration is a transparent end-run around Congress's constitutional power of the purse. Article I, section 9 of the Constitution, which I doubt the President has ever bothered to read, states that Congress--and Congress alone--decides how to spend Americans' hard-earned tax dollars. That has been the case from the time of the founding of this country until today. It is one of the most critical checks and balances in our constitutional system. In our democracy, Presidents must respect--and normally do--the appropriations decisions of Congress but, for the first time, not this President.  I was here when Congress enacted the National Emergencies Act of 1976. When we passed it then, we assumed that any President would have enough respect for the office to invoke the extraordinary powers granted under it judiciously and only in times when there was, in fact, an emergency to be addressed.  But not this President. Where the world sees women and children seeking refuge at our southern border, he sees criminals and terrorists invading our country. Where the world sees declining border crossings--crossings have dropped steeply since June--he sees an escalating border crisis that only his wall can fix. Facts may not matter to a President willing to invent a hurricane path with a sharpie marker, but they should matter to us. We must not allow this President to invoke such sweeping powers--powers we granted to him for real emergencies--simply to address some emergency he has concocted in his head.  So this week I hope all Senators, no matter what their political background is, will think carefully about their vote on the President's national emergency declaration. I hope each of us thinks long and hard about what it would mean for our role as a coequal branch, for the separation of powers, for the Constitution, which has protected our country all these years, and what would it mean if we fail to reject this naked power grab by President Trump.  In March, 12 of my Republican friends joined Democrats in rejecting the President's emergency declaration, forcing him to override our vote with a veto. I hope every one of us tonight will go home and read the Constitution and realize what we must do. I hope more Republicans will join Democrats this time in voting aye on the joint resolution of disapproval. We must send this President a veto-proof message that Congress will rise above party to protect what is most precious in our American democracy; the Senate will stand for the Constitution above all else; that the Senate will be the conscience of the Nation, as we should be.  I yield the floor.  