President, today I am proud to honor the contributions of farm to school programs around the country by introducing a resolution that designates October as ``National Farm to School Month.'' I am glad Senators Collins, Brown, and Perdue joined me in introducing this resolution.  Under a provision I authored in the 2010 Healthy and Hunger-Free Kids Act, farm to school programs across the country have thrived. Grants have been awarded in all 50 States and the District of Columbia to support programs in more than 43,000 schools. We have learned that one of the best ways to help students make healthy choices is to teach them about their food and how it is grown. Making that connection makes a difference.  We all know that hungry children cannot learn. Studies have shown that healthy nutrition in a young person's diet is crucial to cognitive ability and better health in the long run. Food insecurity and obesity rates are still too high in this country, resulting in poor health and learning and behavioral difficulties at school. The school meal program has made tremendous strides in recent years to ensure not only that children have access to meals throughout the school day but that those meals are nutritious. The Farm to School Program has given children and schools across the country the tools to craft farm-fresh, healthy, and delicious meals that students enjoy.  In Vermont, I have seen firsthand how farm to school efforts have better connected children with the food in their cafeteria. Students participate in school gardens, sustainability projects, and taste tests for new school menu items. Earlier this month, I was glad to visit St. Albans, VT, to announce grants that will enhance classroom curriculum to help children become familiar with local food and how to eat healthfully.  Ensuring children have enough food to eat is an issue that unites us all. There is simply no excuse that in the wealthiest, most powerful Nation on Earth, people go hungry. Small changes in eating habits by childrenwill result in lifelong health benefits for generations to come. The Farm to School Program empowers children and their families to make healthy choices now and in the future. I am glad all Senators joined us in recognizing the importance of this program and recognizing October 2019 as National Farm to School Month.  Mr. McCONNELL. I know of no further debate on the measure.  