President, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their votes. Even though the final vote might be 5 months late, today is a good day for the Congress, for the Senate, for the American people, and for the Nation.  I have said from the beginning--a position I have taken in all of my decades in the Senate--that any disaster supplemental that passes this Chamber cannot pick and choose which American citizens to help in their time of need. We are all Americans. The American community bands together to support one another when disaster strikes, regardless of where we are from, what our politics are, or what our beliefs are. That is the American way, and it is the role of the Congress to make sure that it is done.  I am glad to stand on the Senate floor today, and I am glad to be here with my dear friend, the senior Senator from Alabama and the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Senator Shelby, to support what is a bipartisan, bicameral disaster supplemental appropriations bill.  Think of what we have done. This bill will provide long overdue aid to the people of California, Georgia, Florida, Nebraska, Iowa, North Carolina, South Carolina, Hawaii, Texas, Missouri, Alabama, and Puerto Rico just to name a few. Some of these people--they are all American citizens--have been trying to put their lives back together for nearly 2 years--since August of 2017.  It provides $19.1 billion to help communities in these States and Territories to rebuild stronger than they were before. It includes more than $2.4 billion in community development block grants, more than $1.6 billion for the Federal Highway Administration to rebuild roads and bridges, and more than $3 billion to support our Nation's farmers who lost their crops and livestock in the storms. It also provides more than $3 billion to rebuild our military's storm-damaged infrastructure.  It has been no secret that how to help the American citizens of Puerto Rico has been at the heart of our dispute on disaster aid, but I am pleased to report that the bill provides much needed assistance to these Americans, including $605 million for the Nutrition Assistance Program, and $304 million in community development block grants to help the island meet the FEMA match requirements.  One thing that we learned when Tropical Storm Irene struck Vermont is that you have rebuild better than you were so you are stronger when you face the next storm. We have included language that requires FEMA to rebuild the island stronger and better than it was before to help mitigate the damage of a future storm. We did this in certain areas in Vermont, and it made all the difference in the world.  This supplemental will unlock billions of dollars that Congress had previously appropriated for Puerto Rico and other communities across the country that the Trump administration has held back in the Treasury.  We reached this agreement because the Republicans and the Democrats came together across the aisle. It is a strong bipartisan agreement. It reflects that we are one Nation in times of need and that all Americans can count on each other. I was happy to see the strong support from the Senators here, but our work is not yet done.  Now we have to address the humanitarian crisis at our southern border. We have to help those who are fleeing from violence and persecution in their own countries. The President has requested $4.5 billion. Some of this money is badly needed. There is no dispute about that, and I will support the part that is badly needed.  Everyone in this Chamber knows these are difficult issues that are often made more difficult given the President's rhetoric and extreme policies. Difficult issues take time. Let's lower the rhetoric, and let's do as we have done here--work together. We have been working day and night to strike a compromise on the President's request. We are close, but we are not there yet. Even as of late, late last night, we were still working on that. When we return, I hope we can negotiate a bipartisan agreement to provide additional humanitarian assistance.  To reach this agreement today, many of the Senators--and I mentioned, of course, Senator Shelby, my friend, as chairman--and I, as vice chairman, worked together. So did many others, but none of us could do it without the dedicated staff that was involved. I could go home at 9 o'clock and 10 o'clock at night, but they were still there. I am talking about both the Democratic staff and the Republican staff. So I asked my Appropriations chief of staff, Chuck Kieffer, to give me a list.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record at the end of my remarks the list of names of both the Democratic staff and the Republican staff who worked so hard on this.  I said on a personal basis earlier that I remember when Tropical Storm Irene hit Vermont and how totally discouraged I was by the damage. Yet, within hours, I had texts and emails from Senators in this body--Republicans and Democrats alike. They said: When we were hit by a tornado, by flooding, by an earthquake--whatever it might have been--Vermont stood with us, and we will stand with Vermont.  That is what we are as the United States of America. The Senate did what it should do today. The Senate acted as the conscience of the Nation. We stood together to help all Americans.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:List Submitted for the Record by Appropriations Committee Vice Chairman    Leahy of Staff for H.R. 2157, the Supplemental Appropriations Act       Charles E. Kieffer, Chanda Betourney, Jess Berry, Jay      Tilton, Hannah Chauvin, Dianne Nellor, Jean Toal Eisen, Erik      Raven, Doug Clapp, Ellen Murray, Scott Nance, Chip Walgren,      Drenan Dudley, Reeves Hart, Rachael Taylor, Alex Keenan,      Jason McMahon, Tim Rieser, Dabney Hegg, Christina Monroe,      Catie Finley, Shannon Hines, Jonathan Graffeo, David Adkins,      Carlisle Clarke, Hamilton Bloom, Brian Potts, Tyler Owens,      Andrew Newton, Adam Telle, Erny Lesofski, Laura Friedel,      Sarah Boliek, Patrick Magnuson, Paul Grove, Clare Doherty.  