President, as someone who has been here for some period of time, I was glad to see Republicans and Democrats, both in the House and the Senate, come together in the past few weeks, especially this week.  We ignored the distractions and tweetstorms coming from the White House. We reached an agreement to fund our government and make responsible investments for the American people.  Not one of us--none of the final four who did the negotiations, sitting in that room, felt that this was an agreement that any one of us would have individually written.  There are things in this bill that I support and things I disagree with, but that could be said by all four of us, Republicans and Democrats. You try to find as much common ground as you can. Everybody had to give something, but we ended up with a bipartisan compromise. We had to deal with facts that are based on reality, not rhetoric based on political fantasy.  Democrats have always supported border security, but we support smart border security, targeted strategies that address the real problems facing us at our southwest border. That is what we tried to accomplish here. We stood together. We rejected the toxic and hate-filled immigration tweets coming from the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue.  The agreement does not fund President Trump's wasteful wall. After all, he gave his solemn promise to the American public that Mexico would pay for it, so let them work on that. It does not fund President Trump's requested deportation force, and it rejects the unjustified and dramatic increase in the detention bed levels the President would have used to enforce his extreme immigration policy.  But just as important as what this agreement rejects is what we were able to accomplish.  We invested hundreds of millions of dollars in new technology to stop the flow of illegal drugs through our ports of entry. All Republicans and all Democrats supported that. We provide funds to hire more judges to address the immigration backlog in our country. We provide more than half a billion dollars to support Central American countries, addressing the root causes of undocumented migration. We included $400 million to improve medical care and address the humanitarian concerns at the border. Every one of us has seen enough of what is going on there; we are trying to show that America--the greatest Nation on Earth, also the wealthiest and the most humanitarian--will address it.  This is what a compromise looks like. This is how the American people expect our government to function--not by tweets but by reasonable, reality-based compromise.  Unfortunately, often lost in this debate over border security were the more than 800,000 public servants and their families who were held hostage by the Trump shutdown for weeks. They once again lived in fear and uncertainty that their next paycheck may not come because the President chose to use them as hostages. This agreement ensures that these public servants remain on the job doing the important work of the American people through the end of the fiscal year, and also all those who are not on a government payroll but support all our different Agencies that were involved in this. They weren't paid either.  This agreement funds nine Federal Departments. Keep in mind--it is not just the borders; it is nine Federal Departments and their related Agencies. I will give a couple of examples. It increases funding for the Environmental Protection Agency. It supports our national parks. It rejects the anti-science know-nothingism of the administration by supporting research and our dedicated scientists.  This is extremely important to me because Senator Crapo and I wrote the last Violence Against Women authorization. We wrote the expansion of that law. Our bill today provides the highest funding level ever for the Office on Violence Against Women to support programs that prevent domestic violence. It also provides more than half a billion dollars to combat the opioid crisis. In my earlier career, I saw too many deaths because of the violence against women. I saw too many deaths of young people from drug overdoses, and the numbers have only dramatically increased from the days when I was a prosecutor. Supporting the Violence Against Women Act brought Republicans and Democrats together.  The agreement invests in rural America, secures our interests abroad, rebuilds our highways, and supports public housing.  This week, four of us met--first in Chairman Shelby's Appropriations Committee office and then later into the evening several times in my office here in the Capitol. Senator Shelby,Representative Lowey, Representative Granger, and I proved that we can set aside the political struggles in Washington to find a path to progress for the American people--two Republicans and two Democrats who are four of the most senior Members of the House and the Senate. I thank them for their effort.  If I can go to a personal matter for just a moment, I want to thank Senator Shelby for his friendship and his partnership. Senator Shelby and I come from different parts of the country. We are much different politically, but he is one of the closest friends I have here. He and his wonderful wife, Dr. Annette Shelby, my wife Marcelle, and I have traveled to so many places together. Some were very grim areas of this world. But we understand how grownups have to act in the Congress and how they have to work together. We worked together with our House counterparts--the senior Democrat and senior Republican in the House--on this conference. We worked together. We didn't pass just Homeland Security; we passed all 12 appropriations bills on a bipartisan basis. I hope we do the same thing for fiscal year 2020. I hope that we can begin very soon, with Senator Shelby and me working together, to pass the fiscal year 2020 bills. We passed the ones last year out of our committee virtually unanimously. We were able to get Members of both parties to join us. I thank him.  I also thank the Appropriations Committee staff on both sides of the aisle for their hard work. I joke that Senators are merely constitutional impediments to their staff. Evening after evening, sometimes into the wee hours of the morning, weekend after weekend, I saw dedicated men and women in the Appropriations Committee staff working line by line to try to get us through this.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a list of their names be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Charles E. Kieffer, Chanda Betourney, Jess Berry, Jay      Tilton, Hannah Chauvin, Dianne Nellor, Adrienne      Wojciechowski, Teri Curtin, Jean Toal Eisen, Jennifer Eskra,      Blaise Sheridan, Jordan Stone, Ellen Murray, Diana Gourlay      Hamilton, Reeves Hart, Scott Nance, Chip Walgren, Drenan E.      Dudley, Rachael Taylor, Ryan Hunt, Tim Rieser, Alex Carnes,      Kali Farahmand, Dabney Hegg, Christina Monroe, Jordan Stone,      Shannon H. Hines, Jonathan Graffeo, David Adkins, Margaret      Pritchard, Carlisle Clark, Patrick Carroll, Elizabeth Dent,      Hamilton Bloom, Amber Beck, Allen Cutler, Matt Womble, Sydney      Crawford, Andrew Newton, Lauren Nunnally, Brian Daner,      Courtney Bradford, Adam Telle, Peter Babb, Chris Cook,      Thompson Moore, Christian Lee, Leif Fonnesbeck, Lucas Agnew,      Emy Lesofski, Nona McCoy, Clare Doherty, Gus Maples, Rajat      Mathur, Jason Woolwine, LaShawnda Smith, Robert W. Putnam,      Christy Greene, Blair Taylor, Jenny Winkler, Hong Nguyen,      Clint Trocchio, George A. Castro, Elmer Barnes, Penny Myles,      Karin Thames, Shalanda Young, Chris Bigelow, Anne Marie      Chotvacs, Johnnie Kaberle, Gerry Petrella, Meghan Taira.  