 We are concerned about the housing crisis, about the rising cost of fuel and gas, about the rising cost of health care. The economic crisis that is facing many people today was reflected in the economic numbers we have seen coming in over the last quarter. We came back here a month ago united to make sure we did what everyone agreed to--a temporary, targeted package to get money back into the economy quickly. Today, we are about to do that.  But I have to say--and I heard my colleague from California say it--the Speaker of the House did a good job in the limited amount of time with the agreement she had to do to get a package here. The Senate, in doing its job of looking at it carefully and asking, What do we need to do to improve this to make sure it works, was highly commendable.  The package we voted on last night had a number of very important provisions: extension of unemployment insurance; LIHEAP for millions of families who are very concerned about being able to heat their homes; the energy package that my colleague, Senator Cantwell, worked hard to put in to stimulate jobs and bring jobs in critical regions of the Nation and deal with the energy crisis as well. We are all disappointed on this side that but for one vote those would be part of this package which would then go back to the House and, we would hope, be signed by the President. But because we were stymied by one vote, we are here today saying: What can we do?  We are delighted that our Republican colleagues have come with us to say we can do better, and we added money to make sure millions of seniors as well as thousands of disabled veterans would be part of this economic stimulus, families that are really struggling today.  We did agree with the Republicans, and I commend our leader, Senator Harry Reid, as well as Max Baucus, the minority leader, as well as Senator Grassley, who have worked hard over the morning hours to come to this. But I would say to the Senator from Tennessee, we can express our disappointment that but for one vote, we feel we could have had a better package. But we are pragmatic on this side. We believe we need to move forward. We know we cannot face days and days of delay. We know we need to get this done, and we have come together with Democrats and Republicans to move a package that I believe is in the best interest of the country at this time.  This is not the end of this debate. This is our answer to get quickly a short economic stimulus. But we are committed on this side--and with a number of Republican Senators who joined us last night in that vote--to continue to work to do a long-term economic stimulus.  This crisis started with a housing issue that became the face of this crisis as millions of homeowners were losing their homes across the country and facing foreclosure. We are committed to continue to move forward to address that housing crisis in a smart, pragmatic way to make sure we can do everything to help those families and to get this economy back on its feet. We are committed to work with our colleagues from Michigan and California and other States that are facing high unemployment to get extended unemployment insurance benefits for those families that are now facing a very real crisis in their homes and with their ability to put food on the table. We are committed to continue to try to get that one last vote for an energy package that will mean our jobs will be brought here to the United States to create new alternative energy that will help not only job creation but our energy crisis as well.  I commend all of us for coming together and, in a few short minutes, voting to pass quick, temporary relief that is well needed but also a commitment from all of us to continue to work to make sure we address the long-term economic stimulus as well.  I yield the floor.  