 President, over the course of this past week, I have come to the Senate floor every singleday to sound an alarm about the misguided and potentially dangerous decision to outsource a major piece of our aerospace industry to Europe.  I have talked about the dismay Boeing workers felt in my home State of Washington when they learned the Pentagon had decided to award a contract to build the next generation of aerial refueling tankers not to Boeing but to a French company, Airbus.  I have talked about my shock that we would award Airbus this contract, given the EU's lengthy history of subsidizing these planes in order to create European, not American, jobs.  I have talked about the fact that Airbus is being less than open about how many U.S. jobs it will really create in this country.  All of these are reasons to be deeply troubled about this decision. But today I want to address yet another concern; that is, the ability to control our national security once we have effectively turned over control of our military capability and technology to a foreign government. This is an issue we all need to take a good hard look at.  America's global military strength is built on our ability to use military might anywhere in the world, at a moment's notice. Our aerial refueling tankers are the critical link that allows the U.S. Air Force to stretch across the globe. From Fairchild Air Force Base in my home State of Washington to the Far East, from Andrews to Baghdad, our bombers and our fighters can fly farther and faster because our tankers, which supply fuel in midair, are always there to support them.  Tankers, in fact, are so important to our military that Army GEN Hugh Shelton, who is the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, once said the motto of the tanker and airlift forces should be: ``Try fighting without us.''  Until now, the technology that powered these critical planes rested in the hands of Boeing and its American workforce, who have been building them for more than 50 years now.  Until now, our tankers have been built by manufacturers, by designers, and by engineers who have been able to pass on those skills and technology that 50 years of experience brings, and who are bound by law from selling that technology to countries that sponsor terrorism. Well, last Friday, that ended. Last Friday, the Air Force made a decision that will enable a company that is controlled by a foreign government to develop and share that technology. Are we going to look back on this decision and say this is the moment when we threw open the doors to our military technology? Are we going to allow our tankers, a linchpin of our national defense, to be the first domino to fall?  I have said this before. With one contract, we could wipe out what it has taken our Nation 50 years to build up: an experienced and exceptional aerospace industry. Once it is gone, we are not going to get it back. We will not get it back. Once we lose the ability to produce military technology right here at home, we begin to lose control over our Nation's defense.  This decision effectively gives foreign governments control over aspects of our own national security. In this case, we are giving up control and $40 billion to the European Aeronautical Defense and Space Company called EADS. That is the company that has made no secret of their desire to dismantle our American aerospace industry. In fact, this decision can be seen as a $40 billion investment in the military research budget of EADS and Airbus.  So we are allowing Airbus to take over a cornerstone of our military technology, and we are actually paying them to do it. While that certainly doesn't make sense, the fact that this deal could allow Airbus to share American technology with whomever they please is just plain dangerous.  