 President, last week the Defense Secretary took historic action by forcing out both the Air Force Secretary, Michael Wynne, and its Chief of Staff, Michael Moseley. It was the first time ever that a Defense Secretary has simultaneously dismissed a service secretary and a service chief, and he did so after finding systemic problems in the Air Force that led him to have a serious lack of confidence in their leadership and oversight.  I have come to the floor today because Secretary Gates's move raises red flags about many of the Air Force's recent actions, including the decision to award a $35 billion contract to build the next generation of aerial refueling tankers to the European company Airbus instead of Boeing. This is one of the largest contracts in history, and it is critically important. Our tankers refuel planes and aircraft from every single branch of our military. As long as we control the technology to build them, we control our skies and we control our own security. So I was astounded when the Air Force announced in February that it would award this contract to Airbus, and here is why.  Airbus and its parent company, European Aeronautic Defense and Space, or EADS, have made no secret of their desire to dismantle the U.S. aerospace industry, and we have seen time and again that Europe is willing to try anything in order to do that. EADS is so flooded with subsidies from the European Union that we, the United States, have accused the EU of illegal business practices before the World Trade Organization. EADS has lied repeatedly about its contribution to the U.S. economy, and EADS has given us more than one reason to question how hard it will work to protect our security interests.  Given this history, I have asked repeatedly over the last 3 months that Air Force leaders explain how they came to their decision. After all, the Air Force is well aware of these concerns, and I believe the American taxpayers deserve answers. But I have been stonewalled again and again. As the Pentagon moves to restore its leadership in the Air Force, I hope we will finally get some answers.  Let me begin today by talking about the unfair trade practices that led the United States to challenge Europe at the World Trade Organization.  Back in 1970, several European governments created Airbus to challenge our country's aerospace dominance. But unlike Boeing, which is a private business operating in a free-market system, Airbus followed the corporate welfare model. Europe views Airbus as a jobs program, and it is willing to provide subsidies no matter what, even if they lose money and even if their products fail. That means Airbus can grow without having to assume the same kind of risk American companies do.  