Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Let me just speak for a moment to my friends who may feel they can somehow rationalize voting ``yes'' on Gilman-Pelosi and ``yes'' on the underlying pro-life amendment. Please do not. It is not honest law making. If you are against pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into the abortion industry overseas, the only honest vote is ``no'' on Gilman-Pelosi and ``yes'' on Smith-Barcia-Hyde-Oberstar.  Today, Mr. Chairman, the pro-life laws and policies of almost 100 countries that restrict abortion are under siege and the engine driving this global pro-abortion push are the nongovernmental organizations funded by the U.S. Government. Our amendment permits the flow of funds only to those organizations that provide only family planning and not abortion. The innocent children are not put at risk. Who we subsidize, not just what, but who we subsidize does matter and who we give millions of dollars to does matter.  Mr. Chairman, the simple fact of the matter is the long-standing law that no U.S. funds can be directly used for abortion was found to be incomplete. It was like Swiss cheese. The organizations were doing abortions on demand and yet seemingly adhering to the letter of the law with regards to the Helms amendment. That is why we have the Mexico City policy. We do not want to put these unborn children at risk.  Let me be very clear on this. The effect of the Gilman-Pelosi amendment is that even if a foreign nongovernmental organization performs abortion on demand, even if they perform abortions on demand at any stage of the unborn child's development, even if they perform abortions on demand on teenagers without parental knowledge or consent, they still could get huge Federal grants so long as they say they are not promoting abortion as a method of family planning, whatever that is.  To add insult to injury, the phrase ``promote'' is not defined. I asked some questions earlier, define it very clearly like our amendment does, and the answers were not very enlightening. To adopt Gilman-Pelosi is to sacrifice clarity for vagueness, and the consequence will be that the administration will have breathtaking latitude to find that even the most aggressive abortionists in the world are eligible for funding.  The Smith-Barcia language is straightforward. It is absolutely transparent. It establishes a wall of separation between abortion and birth control. By contrast, the Gilman-Pelosi language intentionally blurs the line of demarcation between abortion and contraception and keeps the abortionists overseas on the Federal dole.  Let me make this very clear, Mr. Chairman. The pro-life vote is no on Gilman-Pelosi. This is no compromise. The Gilman-Pelosi amendment is clearly a killer amendment. I urge a ``no'' vote on it.  Let me just remind Members, the 7 sponsors of this amendment, with all due respect, are like a who's who of the abortion rights in this Congress. They all voted against the partial-birth abortion. To suggest that somehow this is a pro-life compromise simply does not have any currency to it. Please vote ``no'' on the first amendment, ``yes'' on the second.  