Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, during the last session of Congress, the House voted six times to restrict aid to foreign organizations that perform or promote abortions overseas. We also voted to restrict aid to the U.N. Population Fund unless the UNFPA, the U.N. Population Fund, ended its participation in the forced abortion program in the People's Republic of China.  Mr. Speaker, there is evidence, I think, looking at today's vote and talking to a large number of Members, that there still are a large number of Members who are still committed to the sanctity and preciousness of human life and said that they would vote yes--yes.  I happen to disagree that that was the way to go, but we now have H.R. 581 on the floor and there is an opportunity to manifest ourselves and put on the record very clearly and unambiguously that we want to release the funds for family planning, we want to release the $385 million that otherwise would wait until July 1, but we want to do it with principle. We want to make sure that the money only goes to those organizations that will erect a wall of separation between family planning, which is preventive, and abortion, which takes the life of a baby.  Mr. Speaker, I think more and more Members in the partial birth abortion debate that we had last year began what I truly believe to be an awakening about the gruesomeness of abortion. Abortion takes the life of a baby, whether it be dismemberment of an unborn child's body or chemical poisoning by way of injection or the suction machines which decimate the infant, abortion is violence. It kills babies. Whether it be illegal or legal abortions, the net effect on the child is always the same, one dead baby.  I think our aim in Congress and our aim in humanitarian efforts ought to be to eradicate abortion, to make the world abortion free. Family planning certainly plays a part in that. That is why my legislation and Mr. Oberstar's legislation and Mr. Hyde's legislation, H.R. 581, makes it very clear that we front-load the family planning money.  There is no waiting for it. The Clinton administration can have every dime, $385 million, and that is a lot of money, to be used for family planning on March 1. The President will actually get more in our legislation, not more in the cycle of the appropriations, but more quicker as a result of this legislation if he accepts this rather than the resolution just passed.  What is the Mexico City policy? Just let me remind my colleagues that yes, there is such an amendment known as the Helms amendment. It says that we will not directly fund abortion overseas. But we found in the early 1980's, and I have been here for 17 years, I would remind my colleagues, we found in the early 1980's that that law was not preventing the promotion and performance overseas of abortion by these international organizations. They very simply took our money which we were providing, put it in one pocket, provided an accounting saying that if they did not spend it, then it freed up megadollars in their other pocket to be used for the performance of abortion.  Paper and accounting tricks does not, if you are talking about human life being destroyed, really does not cut it. We are fooling ourselves if we think we are mitigating the promotion of abortion with this approach. It has not worked. It is only half a loaf. We need, if we are serious about making the world abortion free and not promoting abortion, take that other step and reestablish the Mexico City policy.  In sum, what the Mexico City policy will do is say we will not contribute to those organizations that perform abortion except in cases of rape, incest, and life of the mother. It also says that we will not provide moneys to those organizations that lobby for or against abortion. It is abortion neutral in that regard.  If you are doing family planning, you should not also be wearing that other hat of being the abortionist organization in that given country. This is very, very significant, Mr. Chairman, in light of what these groups are actually doing on the ground day in and day out.  In the last debate I pointed out that there is a document, and this is one of many, but this document in particular is the abortion manifesto of the family planning groups. It is called Vision 2000: A Strategic Plan. This Vision 2000,adopted in 1992 and agreed to by the 140 Planned Parenthood affiliates around the world, states, and I quote, and it says it throughout the document but this is one direct quote: The IPPF will ``bring pressure on governments and campaign for policy and legislative change to remove restrictions against abortions.''  This is the abortion lobby in the developing world. We ought to be very careful about to whom we contribute if that is what they are doing, if we care about abortion promotion. If we do not care about it, if we think that is fine and dandy, then you should not be for our bill but if you do care about abortion promotion, look at the consequences, giving money to these organizations means that, yes, they provide family planning, but they also promote abortion very, very aggressively.  Let me also point out that this particular policy known as the Mexico City policy, where did it gets its name, at a conference on population at Mexico City in 1984, has worked, and worked extremely well. During the 9 years that it was in operation, more than 350 family planning organizations and providers accepted the Mexico City clauses and said that they would divest themselves of abortion and be exclusively family planners.  That is what we are all about here, honesty, transparency, no hidden agendas. If family planning is your game, that is what you get the money for, that is what your organization should be all about. But these organizations like to fudge that line of demarkation and say that abortion is just family planning after a conception has occurred and they try again to make no distinction, or very little distinction, between the two.  I urge Members, because this will be the beginning of a long fight in the 105th Congress on this. Yes, the Clinton resolution passed today. That will not be the end of it, I can assure you. We will be back on the authorizing bills, we will be back on the appropriations bills when the fiscal 1998 and the 1999 funds come up, and again we are going to continue with this 1997 effort as well. I hope that by the end of this Congress, every Member of this Chamber whether they are pro-abortion or pro-life will be fully aware of what these organizations are doing.  The Trojan horse is this. They say they are all about family planning, they get into the country, they start networking, their real agenda is abortion. They say it in Vision 2000. I urge Members to become acquainted with it intimately so that they know to whom we are giving. They are acting as surrogates for the Clinton administration in bringing down the right-to-life laws.  We need to stand up for those innocent children in these developing countries, provide humanitarian aid. And I take a back seat to no one on providing child survival aid and all kinds of other aid. I offered the amendments in the mid-1980's to provide money for immunizations, oral dehydration, and other kinds of helps. That is what it is all about. Family planning is a part of that, but not when it is linked with abortion.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  