Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me this time.  This is a vote on the rule to allow H.R. 581 to be considered by the House. This is legislation that would provide additional monies beginning March 1 for family planning, and it would front-load $385 million, metering, which is an 8-percent-per-month payout that is in the current law, and would be continued even if the Clinton resolution is adopted by the Senate. This gets rid of metering completely. So all of the money would be available.  Importantly, this legislation will also provide important pro-life safeguards so that the entities and the organizations that we contribute to do not continue their crusade with our money in one pocket and their money in the other pocket to bring down the right-to-life laws in the various countries.  Let me again remind Members that almost 100 countries around the world protect their unborn babies from the cruelty of abortion on demand. And let me remind Members again, abortion takes the life of a baby, whether it be suction abortions or dismemberment, where the babies' arms and legs are torn off. These are unpleasant realities, but they are the reality of what abortion does to unborn babies.  We have to make the world abortion free, not provide free abortion. The pro-abortion organizations, like the International Planned Parenthood Federation, based in London, and others, are absolutely vociferously committed to providing abortion overseas on demand. It is against the cultural values and the moral values of these countries. That does not matter. Their own literature is replete with admonishments, and it pushes and promotes their organizations to try to bring down these laws regardless of what the local populace thinks.  It is the ugly American all over again when we are part of that, trying to impose our cultural values upon these particular people. Human rights ought to be for the unborn and for all people.  It seems to me that birth is an event that happens to all of us. It is not the beginning of life. Human rights are indivisible. Life is a continuum. To say that everyone after birth has human rights and those before do not is contrary to reality and science. And again, these organizations are trying to promote an antithetical view with regard to human rights.  Let me also remind my colleagues that the Organization of American States has a human rights document that recognizes the right to life from the moment of conception. These organizations are working against that basic human right, and I think we should be very careful about to whom we contribute.  This rule allows H.R. 581 to come up for a vote. It is fair. Then we can have our debate on the merits. I think that is as it should be. Vote for the rule.  