Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I urge a yes vote on the amendment that has been offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Kennedy] which states in a very strong way that it is the sense of Congress that the United States should not give military assistance and arms transfers to the Government of Indonesia until that Government complies with a few basic human rights benchmarks. I would like to commend the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Bereuter], the chairman of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, for his perfecting amendment to put us on record in roundly condemning all violence, no matter who commits it. Violence is not an acceptable means to any end. I want to commend my friend for offering that perfecting amendment.  Mr. Chairman, for over 20 years, international human rights advocates have been calling attention to abuses by the Indonesian Government and its occupation of East Timor. Over the years the United States has provided countless millions of dollars worth of military assistance and arms transfers to the Government of Indonesia. There have been no reliable safeguards to ensure that this assistance and these transfers did not facilitate the ongoing brutality. Indonesia's Armed Forces invaded East Timor in 1975 only weeks after East Timor had attained independence from Portugal. Since then the Indonesian Army has carried out a campaign of what amounts to ethnic cleansing against the Timorese through a program of forced migration.  Persecution has been particularly harsh against the Christian majority. More than 200,000 Timorese out of the total population of 700,000 have been killed directly or by starvation in forced migrations from their villages since the Indonesian invasion. There are recent reports of renewed campaigns of repression of Catholics in East Timor. These reports include atrocities such as the smashing of statues of the Blessed Mother. The campaign has also been directed personally against the Catholic Bishop Belo, along with the independence leader Jose Ramos Horta. Bishop Belo's phones are tapped, his fax machine is monitored, his visitors are watched, and his freedom of movement is restricted. But Bishop Belo persists in his courageous efforts to defend justice, peace, and the preservation of the dignity of his people. Recently, he set up a church commission to monitor human rights abuses there and a radio station to disseminate information and news.  There have also been reports of renewed military activity by pro-independence guerrillas in East Timor. I want to make it absolutely clear that violence is unacceptable no matter who commits it. In this respect, again the Bereuter perfecting amendment strengthens the Kennedy amendment and makes it a resolution worthy of support by this body.  