Mr. Speaker, let me just thank the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Burton] for his leadership in bringing this very important resolution to the floor, and especially thank the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hyde] for those very eloquent remarks spoken a moment ago in remembering Mother Teresa.  Mr. Speaker, as I think we all know, in Matthew's Gospel, the 25th chapter, in speaking about the Last Judgment, Jesus said:       When the Son of Man comes in His glory, escorted by all the      angels of heaven, He will sit upon His royal throne and all      the nations will be assembled before Him. Then He will      separate them into two groups, as a shepherd separates sheep      from the goats. The sheep He will place on His right hand,      the goats on his left.       The King will say to those on the right, come, you have My      Father's blessing! Inherit the kingdom prepared for you from      the creation of the world. For I was hungry and you     gave me food. I was thirsty and you gave me drink. I was a      stranger and you welcomed me; naked and you clothed me. I was      ill and you comforted me, in prison and you came to visit me.       Then the just will ask him: ``Lord, when did we see you      hungry and feed you or see you thirsty and give you drink?      When did we welcome you away from home or clothe you in your      nakedness? When did we visit you when you were ill or in      prison?''       The King will answer them, ``I assure you, as often as you      did it for the least of my brethren, you did it for me.''  As we all know, Mr. Speaker, Mother Teresa took these words from our Lord, Jesus Christ, literally, in pouring out her heart and her soul for the least of our brethren. Mother Teresa saw the downtrodden and the disenfranchised as Christ himself, and she believed that every act of mercy toward those less fortunate was for the Lord.  That is why she clothed, fed, and housed the sick and dying around the world. That is why she loved what the world considered to be the unlovable. That is why Mother Teresa was the most outspoken woman in the world in the defense of unborn children.  Mr. Speaker, at the 1994 National Prayer Breakfast, Mother Teresa addressed thousands of political leaders, including President Bill Clinton, Vice President Gore, and their wives. Few could listen to Mother Teresa and not be moved to believe that in this very small, frail, humble woman, there stood a powerful messenger, a prophetess, sent by God, to directly speak to a President and a Nation, and, yes, a world that had lost its moral compass.  She said, ``Please don't kill the child,'' she admonished all those assembled, and looked directly at the President of the United States and said, ``I want the child. We are fighting abortion with adoption, by care of the mother and adoption of the baby.''  Mother Teresa stated, ``The greatest destroyer of peace today is abortion, because it is a war against the child, a direct killing of an innocent child.''  She then urged all Americans and diplomats to more fully understand the linkage of abortion with other forms of violence, and she said, ``Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching its people to love, but to use violence to get what they want.'' ``That is why,'' to continue the quote, ``the greatest destroyer of peace and love is abortion.''  Unfortunately, there are those, and this is usually behind closed doors, but there are many who have ridiculed Mother Teresa for doing what is right. Sometimes it comes to the surface. It especially came to the surface after she received her Nobel Peace Prize and spoke so eloquently in defense of the unborn.  I will never forget reading a particular attack against Mother Teresa by William Hamilton, Planned Parenthood Federation of America, one of their top leaders, and he said, and I do not think we should put this under the table, because this is all part of the record.  Mr. Hamilton said on behalf of Planned Parenthood:       Spare us the preachings of Mother Teresa against abortion      and the advancement of women. Allow us to cling to the      romantic notion of a tiny 74-year-old woman doing good work      in the slums of Calcutta, and not think about the destructive      views that she represents.  According to Mr. Hamilton and Planned Parenthood, Mother Teresa's belief that abortion kills children and is anti-child, her belief that every child is precious and sacred and made in the image and likeness of God, is somehow destructive. Some can smirk when you say that, but that is what she would say. We need to defend these little innocent children.  As I am sure Mother Teresa would agree, it is Planned Parenthood's agenda of aborting over 230,000 little babies in this country every year, and countless more abroad, that is what is destructive.  Upon receiving her Nobel peace prize in 1979, Mother Teresa characterized abortion as the worst evil in the world because of its violence.  Undoubtedly, Mother Teresa's defense of the right to life of every human being, whether it is the child yet to be born, or the life of the poor whom she met in the streets of Calcutta, Rome, or anywhere else in the world, kept her focus on the work which she was chosen for by God.  I think by now we all know by way of background that Mother Teresa was born one of three children of an Albanian builder on August 27, 1910, in Macedonia. At the age of 18, she joined the Loreto Sisters, and soon thereafter, on January 6, 1929, arrived in Calcutta, India, to teach at a school for girls.  On September 10, 1946, on a train ride to Darjeeling, where she was to go on retreat to recover from a suspected bout of tuberculosis, she received her calling from God to care for the sick and the dying, the hungry, the naked, the unborn, and the homeless, to be God's love in action. And that was the beginning of the Missionaries of Charity.  In 1952, Mother Teresa and her Missionaries of Charity began the work for which they have been noted ever since, opening the first Home for the Dying in the city of Calcutta.  The Missionaries of Charity grew from 12 to thousands, reported to be over 5,000 nuns by 1997, in over 450 centers being run around the world. Mother Teresa created many homes for the dying and unwanted, from Calcutta, to New York, to Albania.  She is one of the pioneers of establishing homes for AIDS victims, and for more than 45 years she has comforted the poor, the unwanted, especially speaking out on behalf of babies yet unborn.  In closing, as we continue to fight for, and this is a worldwide struggle, the plight of the so-called throwaways, the unwanted, the unborn, the poor, the dying, those who are ``inconvenient'' and others in the world's needy, the words of Mother Teresa should ring in our ears.  She said, ``At the end of our lives we will not be judged by how many diplomas we received, how much money we made, or how many great things we may have done or think we have done. We will be judged by 'I was hungry and you gave me to eat, I was naked and you clothed me, I was homeless and you took me in,' our Lord's words.  ``Hungry, not only for bread, but hungry for love. Naked, not only for clothing, but naked for human dignity and respect. Homeless, not only for the want of a row of bricks, but homeless because of rejection.''  Mr. Speaker, this resolution puts us on record and says that we care about this great woman, and, hopefully, her words, her life, will enlighten all of us as we go about the people's business in this body.  Mr. Speaker, in a parable about the Last Judgment, as recorded in the 25th chapter of Matthew's Gospel, Jesus said:       When the Son of Man comes in his glory, escorted by all the      angels of heaven, he will sit upon his royal throne, and all      the nations will be assembled before him. Then he will      separate them into two groups, as a shepherd separates sheep      from goats. The sheep he will place on his right hand, the      goats on his left. The king will say to those on his right:      ``Come. You have my Father's blessing! Inherit the kingdom      prepared for you from the creation of the world. For I was      hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me      drink. I was a stranger and you welcomed me, naked and you      clothed me. I was ill and you comforted me, in prison and you      came to visit me.'' Then the just will ask him: ``Lord, when      did we see you hungry and feed you or see you thirsty and      give you drink? When did we welcome you away from home or      clothe you in your nakedness? When did we visit you when you      were ill or in prison?'' The king will answer them: ``I      assure you, as often as you did it for the least of my      brethren, you did it for me.''  As we all know, Mother Teresa took these words from Our Lord Jesus Christ literally in pouring out her heart and soul for the ``least of our brethren.'' Mother Teresa saw the downtrodden and disenfranchised as Christ Himself and she believed that every act of mercy toward those less fortunate was for the Lord. That's why she clothed, fed, and housed the sick and dying around the world. That's why she loved what the world considered the unlovable. That's why Mother Teresa was outspoken in her defense of unborn children.  At the 1994 National Prayer Breakfast, Mother Teresa addressed thousands of political leaders, including President Bill Clinton, Vice President Gore, and their wives. Few could listen to Mother Teresa and not be moved to believe that--in this small, frail, humble woman--there stood a powerful messenger, a prophetess, sent by God, to directly speak to a President and nation that lost its moral compass.  ``Please don't kill the child,'' Mother Teresa admonished, looking directly at the President of the United States. ``I want the child,'' she went on to say, looking directly at the abortion President. ``. . . We are fighting abortion with adoption, by care of the mother and adoption of the baby . . .''  Mother Teresa further stated that ``the greatest destroyer of peace today is abortion, because it is a war against the child, a direct killing of an innocent child . . .'' She then urged all Americans and diplomats to more fully understand the linkage of abortion with other forms of violence: ``Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching its people to love, but to use violence to get what they want. This is why the greatest destroyer of love and peace is abortion.''  Unfortunately, there are those who could only ridicule and demean Mother Teresa for doing what is right. I will never forget reading the attack on Mother Teresa by William W. Hamilton, Jr. of Planned Parenthood Federation America in 1985. (Washington Post, June 29, 1985, p. A21). The top Planned Parenthood official stated:       . . . [S]pare us the preachings of Mother Teresa against      abortion and the advancement of women. . . . Allow us to      cling to the romantic notion of a tiny, (woman) . . . doing      good work in the slums in Calcutta and not think about the      destructive views she represents.  According to Mr. Hamilton and Planned Parenthood, Mother Teresa's belief that abortion kills children and is antichild and that children are precious, sacred, and made in the image and likeness of God, is somehow--destructive. As I am sure Mother Teresa would agree, it is Planned Parenthood's agenda of aborting over 230,000 children a year in the United States alone and countless move abroad which is destructive. Upon receiving her Noble Peace Prize in 1979 Mother Teresa did what was probably incorrect and characterized abortion as the worst evil in the world.  Undoubtedly, Mother Teresa's defense of the right to life for every human being--whether the life of a child yet to be born or the life of the poor whom she met in the streets of Calcutta, Rome, or anywhere else in the world--kept her focused on the work which was chosen for by God.  Mother Teresa was born Agnes Gonxa Bojaxhiu, the youngest of three children of an Albanian builder, on August 27, 1910 in Skopje, Macedonia. At the age of 18, she joined the Loretto Sisters and soon after, on January 6, 1929, arrived in Calcutta, India, to teach at a school for girls. On September 10, 1946, on a train ride to Darjeeling where she was to go on retreat to recover from suspected tuberculosis, Mother Teresa received her calling from God to care for the sick and the dying, the hungry, the naked, the unborn, the homelss--to be God's Love in action to the poorest of the poor. That was the beginning of the Missionaries of Charity.  In 1952 Mother Teresa and her Missionaries of Charity began the work for which they have been noted ever since, opening the first Home for the Dying in the City of Calcutta. The Missionaries of Charity grew from 12 to thousands--reported to be over 5,000 nuns in 1997--in over 450 centers being run in 125 countries. Mother Teresa created many homes for the dying and unwanted from Calcutta to New York to Albania, She was one of the pioneers of establishing homes for AIDS victims. For more than 45 years, Mother Teresa comforted the poor, the dying, and the so called unwanted around the world.  In closing, as we continue to consider the plight of the unborn, the poor, the dying, and the world's needy, these words of Mother Teresa should remain in the forefront of our minds:       At the end of our lives, we will not be judged by how many      diplomas we have received, how much money we have made or how      many great things we have done. We will be judged by ``I was      hungry and you gave me to eat. I was naked and you clothed      me. I was homeless and you took me in.''       Hungry not only for bread--but hungry for love. Naked not      only for clothing--but naked for human dignity and respect.       Homeless not only for want of a row of bricks--but homeless      because of rejection. This is Christ in distressing disguise.  