Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Crane], my good friend, for yielding.  Let me just say, and to pick up on what the gentleman from California [Mr. Cox] just pointed out about the number of detention orders, the number exceeds 27 and is growing. But there is a real problem, and this is addressed in the bill, asking the President to look at it very carefully, to renegotiate the memorandum of understanding that we currently have in existence.  Most people would find it almost ridiculous that we have to give specific information first, and remember, this is a closed country. We do not have access to the Laogai, we do not have access to these prison camps, but we have to almost find some way to ascertain whether or not there is a violation going on with specific information. The Chinese then, under the MOU, investigated themselves and gave us their findings. So we have the alleged perpetrator investigating themselves and then they come back to us. Then, we have 60 days that we have to wait to actually make a site visit and very often it far exceeds 60 days.  Let me give one example that was cited very recently by our Commissioner of Customs, George Weise. He pointed out in his testimony on March 21, 1997, that on March 11, 1996, the Chinese Ministry of Justice notified the custom attache that she be allowed to visit the Changsha Laogai machinery factory. He points out in his testimony that the request to go to that factory began in 1992. Four years to finally have site access to a prison camp that is not unlike the one that is to my left that was found to be in violation of our code and thankfully, there is a detention order on the pipes coming out of that detention camp.  Mr. Speaker, we need to renegotiate that MOU. I have been over there, I have talked to the customs people. They cannot get access. They run into roadblocks, they run into bureaucratic snafus over and over again, and then somehow, the administration comes up, and my friend the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wolf] said the Bush administration was just like this.  My good friend from Virginia said a moment ago, we do not have access to these prison camps. The Bush administration were the ones who actually negotiated the MOU, and then they come up to our hearings and they say, look at this. We had this fine statement of principles, memorandum of understanding and that defies all kinds of good will as if the Chinese dictatorship is cooperating with us.  Nothing could be further from the truth. They are not. It is a sham. We try to make the sham work. That is why we get a few detention orders, but it is about time we enhanced our access, hopefully unfettered access. But I do not think that is going to happen any time soon. We need to tighten this MOU.  This resolution calls on the President to look into that, and hopefully he will realize it is bad business and certainly a violation of human rights to allow slave-made goods to come to our shores, especially when we are talking about religious prisoners and human rights activists who are being tortured and used in ways that none of us would see as civilized.  So I hope my colleagues support this legislation.  