Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume  Mr. Speaker, just let me remind Members that, when Mr. Clinton sent up his 1994 rewrite of the Foreign Assistance Act, he intended and it was in the bill to absolutely repeal the Helms amendment so that direct funding would be used to pay for abortions overseas. So the administration on numerous occasions has signaled that they are every bit in favor of promoting abortion overseas.  As I said earlier in debate when they failed in that effort, we did not do plan 2, and that was to enlist the support of surrogates, namely groups like International Planned Parenthood Federation, based in London, and others to promote abortion for that under this subterfuge of saying that it is not our money. Well, we are giving to a group that is again promoting aggressively the abortion on demand.  And just to show how far down it gets, we recently came across a manual that was put out in the Dominican Republic by the affiliate of the IPPF, which is based in London, and it said this. It is called the Sex Education Manual, and the chapter on abortion makes it clear to the teachers at the end of the lesson that the students should, quote, become aware of the need to change the Dominican Republic's legislation on abortion.  So not only do they lobby legislators and governments and health officials again, and we empowered this group to be the bully on the block, but they also get into the schools and try to indoctrinate these children to bring down their right-to-life laws, and this is being replicated in every one of these countries.  Mr. Speaker, I have a copy of the manual if anybody wants to see it.  Let me also point out and use this chart to do so that the legislation that is pending before the House will provide more family planning money than the resolution just passed, not more over the cycle of an appropriations, but more up front. And that is very important. The Clinton finding earlier this month essentially said that, if the money does not come now, it is money denied, and that means terrible things will happen.  Mr. Speaker, if that be true, then the more up front the better. Our legislation, the Smith-Oberstar bill, provides $410 million in fiscal year 1997 for family planning. Three hundred and eighty-five is for the family planning account, 25 for the United Nations Population Fund. The administration's request, 240 in fiscal year 1997. So we push out the door with our legislation more money for family planning. It is in the bill.  Please, I urge Members and friends just to read it.  The previous speaker said that the intent of what we are trying to do is to defund family planning. Nothing could be further from the truth. The plain language of the bill makes it clear we are putting more money, not less.  The argument was made back in 1984; I will never forget it, when the Mexico City policy was first put into effect, that the nongovernmental organizations, the NGO's, would never accept it. Well, friends, 350 and upward of 380 family planning organizations signed on the dotted line and said they would divest themselves from abortion and just do family planning. Only the International Planned Parenthood Federation of London and only Planned Parenthood Federation of America stood out and said we are so committed, so obsessed with promotion abortion overseas that we would loose the money rather than take the money and divest themselves of abortion.  So this will be a vote on abortion today. It is pro-family planning, and it is indeed both pro-life and pro-family planning.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  