Mr. Speaker, let me respond briefly to my good friend, the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Livingston] who talked about ``stalemate.'' I would suggest to my colleagues that stalemate in the progression of legislation to save the lives of innocent children from the violence of abortion is always preferable over capitulation. Preservation of both childrens' lives and mothers' lives is of infinite importance. Inconvenience--even hardship in legislation--pales to insignificance in the equation.  Let us make no mistake about it, abortion is violence against children. Dismemberment, chemical poisoning, there is no other way to construe it; abortion is violence against kids.  In response to my dear friend from Alabama [Mr. Callahan], his bill subsidizes the overseas abortion industry, the very people who are killing babies and trying to bring down the right-to-life laws of sovereign countries. So I do not think we can pretend to believe that the Helms law passed in 1973 is sufficient. The reason why the United States embraced the Mexico City policy in the first place back was because the Helms amendment was inadequate and loophole ridden.  Finally in response to Ms. Pelosi, the Vice President Al Gore clearly stated, and I have the transcript, when asked what the administration is doing in the area of global warming, launched into gloating about the demise of the pro-life Mexico City policy by Executive order. It is right here in black and white. Mr. Gore blames the babies of the poor for the consumption excesses of the rich and powerful. He makes them do the dying to advance an opinion on global warming. Mr. Gore's message is clear. Let us rid the planet of billions of people in South America, Central America, Africa, and Asia. Sorry, but I truly believe his views to be racist and elitist. Someday soon the people of these developing nations are going to fully recognize that to some, their presence on Earth is regarded as something bad. People aren't pollution--every child has just as much right to be here as my kids--or Al Gore's kids.  