Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend for yielding.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in reluctant opposition to the amendment of my good friend from Maryland. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support the goals of the Bartlett amendment. I believe the United Nations has strayed too far and too often from its original purposes. It is too big, it spends too much, and many of its programs and specialized agencies truly are out of control. And, yes, we Americans have been paying far more than our fair share of U.N. expenses. This situation clearly needs to be fixed, and it needs to be fixed now.  Mr. Chairman, the way to fix this program is to guarantee that not a penny will be spent to settle the dispute over U.N. arrearages until and unless the problems are fixed to the satisfaction of Congress.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in reluctant opposition to the amendment by my good friend from Maryland.  Mr. Chairman, I strongly support the goals of the Bartlett amendment. I believe the United Nations has strayed too far and too often from its original purposes. It is too big. It spends too much. Many of its programs and specialized agencies are out of control. Some of these programs do far more harm than good--such as the United Nations Population Fund [UNFPA] activities in support of the Chinese Government's coercive population control system, and other programs that come down against innocent human life, against the traditional family, against the values of most Americans and against the values of the moderate and conservative majorities in almost every country in the world. And, yes, we Americans have been paying far more than our fair share of U.N. expenses. This situation needs to be fixed, and it needs to be fixed now.  Mr. Chairman, the way to fix this problem is to guarantee that not a penny will be spent to settle the dispute over U.N. arrearages until and unless the problems are fixed to the satisfaction of Congress. Unfortunately, the pending amendment provides no such guarantee. The bill as written, however, goes a long way toward doing so. It provides that none of the U.N. money can be spent without authorization by Congress. And when we bring back a conference report on the Foreign Relations authorization bill, it will condition any resolution of the arrearages issue not only on reimbursement of future U.S. expenses in supportof peacekeeping, but also on a reduction in U.S. dues--which are currently at an outrageous 25 percent--on reduction in the size of the U.N. bureaucracy, and on getting both the United Nations and the United States out of international programs that threaten traditional values and innocent human life.  If we can't get those conditions, we will not bring back a conference report, and not a penny will be spent on these arrearages. If the conference report on the authorization bill does not contain these strict conditions--if it does not genuinely reform the United Nations, save billions of dollars for U.S. taxpayers by solving the reimbursement problem and requiring other nations to pay their fair share, and get the United Nations and the United States out of programs that are destructive of traditional values and innocent human life--then I will urge my colleagues to vote against it.  Mr. Chairman, I would like to engage briefly in a colloquy with the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Rogers].  The bill, as currently written, would not authorize a single penny to be spent for U.N. arrearages unless Congress passes an authorization bill. I would like to ask the gentleman whether it is his firm intention to insist that the House and Senate conference on this bill not waive the authorization requirement for U.N. arrearages?  