Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 6 minutes.  Mr. Chairman, a ``Dear Colleague'' letter signed by my good friends and colleagues the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gilman], the gentleman from California [Mr. Campbell], and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Greenwood] came to my attention by a colleague who came this close to being deceived by it. The bold headline read and I quote from the letter, ``Gilman-Pelosi-Campbell-Lowey-Greenwood-DeLauro-Slaughter oppose abortion and support voluntary family planning.'' I looked at that headline again and again and thought, that looks just like one of my letters.  Did the leading activists in the abortion rights cause, did the seven Members whose abortion advocacy is so extreme that they are opposed even to the partial-birth abortion ban that was before this body recently, had they done an about face and joined the pro-life cause? Are the seven most pro-abortion Members of this House really offering a right-to-life amendment? I mean, that would be truly historic.  I do not think so. In judging their amendment, you might for starters afford them the same amount of credibility to offer a right-to-life amendment that you would give to me or to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hyde] or to the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Barcia] or to the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Oberstar] if we tried to convince you that we were offering a pro-abortion amendment. Somehow you would know that if you really wanted to promote abortion around the world, you should vote against an amendment by some of the most prominent pro-life leaders in the Congress no matter what we decided to call it. It would not pass the straight face test. And you would be right. And if you really want to protect unborn children, you will know enough to vote against this amendment, the so-called amendment offered by my friend the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gilman], offered again by some of the most prominent leaders of the abortion rights movement.  The ``Dear Colleague'' letter, and I say this with all due respect to its authors, simply does not tell the truth. Perhaps it is unwitting, but do not take my word for it. Look at the language.  It says, and I quote, that the ``Gilman-Pelosi-Campbell-Lowey-Greenwood-DeLauro-Slaughter amendment prohibits all U.S. funds from being spent on abortion or abortion counseling overseas.'' That is simply not true. Current law does that, but the plain letter of the language that is being offered says nothing of the kind. It was misleading, and at least one Member came to me suggesting that he had been misled by that.  Let me also point out, Mr. Chairman, the letter states that the Gilman, Pelosi and company amendment prohibits U.S. family planning assistance from going to foreign NGO's and multilateral organizations that promote abortion as a method of family planning.  My question is, would an abortion done for so-called health reasons, such as mental health, be considered or construed as an abortion done as a method of family planning? And of course we all know the answer to that. What about a woman whose birth control method has failed? It is interesting that Planned Parenthood itself says that no abortion is ever done as a matter of birth control. Adopt this amendment offered by my good friend the gentleman from New York, and you render the policy of the underlying language absolutely meaningless.  As it relates to the Mexico City Policy, and I would remind Members during the Reagan and Bush years, abortion as a method of family planning had a precise definition, the definition that is contained in our amendment, the Hyde - Barcia - Smith - Oberstar amendment, and that is no funding except in cases of rape, incest, or life of the mother.  My simple question to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gilman] today is, and I would ask him to respond if he would, is that his definition? That is the longstanding definition of the Mexico City Policy. Is that his definition, which again is clearly delineated in our amendment?  