I would hope the gentleman would define it in detail.  Let me just say that there is vagueness in the language that is contained before us promoting abortion as amethod of family planning. When we look at it, it is not even the worst thing about the so-called perfecting amendment. There is one point that there is no ambiguity about it. If the amendment is adopted, it will absolutely be legal for U.S. family planning grantees and contractors to perform abortions, as many as they like, under whatever circumstances they like overseas.  The Mexico City Policy I would remind Members had two important prohibitions to it. First, foreign organizations could not get U.S. family planning money if they performed abortions overseas except in rape, incest, and life of the mother situations. Second, they could not get the money if they promoted abortion overseas, again with the same three exceptions.  As I have pointed out, I believe that this amendment that is being offered by my friends on the other side of this issue is vague and it will give the Clinton administration a blank check to do whatever it wants to do in the area of promotion of abortion. But to take out the performance part, which this amendment guts, means that again they can perform abortions for gender selection or for any other reason and still get a fat payday from Uncle Sam.  The Smith-Barcia-Hyde-Oberstar amendment on the other hand is clear and nonambiguous. The pro-abortion killer amendment injects sweeping vagueness and gives the administration a blank grant of authority to pour hundreds of millions of dollars into the overseas abortion industry, which means in the end, Mr. Chairman, more dead babies and more injured mothers.  Let us not kid ourselves. The Gilman-Pelosi amendment is a killer amendment and if it were to pass today, and I do not think it will, but if it were I would ask every pro-life Member of this Chamber to vote no on the underlying amendment because I think that is better than adopting a sham.  Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to vote ``no'' on this perfecting amendment and yes on the underlying amendment. Let us erect that wall of separation between abortion and family planning and then the money can flow unfettered to those organizations that will no longer be in the abortion business.  