Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, let me just say again, nobody is holding this policy or family planning hostage to congressional politics. This has everything to do with the deep-seated and very strongly held belief that every human life is precious, born and unborn. We cannot and should never facilitate a policy that puts the unborn at risk of being killed by abortion on demand.  Let me also make the point, a clarification: We have heard on the other side how this is somehow a gag rule. The gag rule is a word that was coined during the title X debate dealing with abortion counseling. Abortion counseling is not covered by the Mexico City policy. It was not during the years that it was in effect, and I am amazed how that disinformation continues to persist both in the media as well as by Members who have been offering up positions on the other side of this issue.  Let me also point out, we do not concede that Mexico City policy would be unconstitutional if applied to United States domestic organizations. But a decision was made in the Reagan administration years ago, and it was fully litigated, that foreign nongovernmental oganizations would be the ones that would be affected, and it was upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court.  Finally, let me say that H.R. 581 is pro-life but it is also pro-family planning. One of the speakers on the other side was bemoaning the delay. OK, let us end the delay. Let us get all $385 million plus the 25 million for the UNFPA out the door by March 1. Only the Smith-Oberstar-Hyde bill does that. So if money delayed is money denied, our bill gets the money there sooner rather than later. But it does so in a principled way. It says that we are for family planning but we are not for abortion.  Let me also point out again who we subsidize does matter. We should not compartmentalize our view and say if they do this with our money that is OK and who gives a darn what else they do with the rest of their money. Abortion is child abuse. It kills babies. It is a violent act. Let us face that reality.  The partial birth abortion ban fight last year at least began forcing all ofus to look at abortion for what it truly is and at the methods of abortion for the cruelty that they represent toward children.  Who we subsidize does matter. The IPPF based in London, International Planned Parenthood Federation, has a strategic plan. They make no bones about it. It is right here in black and white. They want abortion on demand in every country of the world. They have action plans for every country of the world. Vote yes on H.R. 581.  