Mr. Speaker, today I am introducing legislation that will provide for and coordinate greater research efforts on Parkinson's disease. I am introducing this bill for two reasons.  First, I support expanding life-affirming research on Parkinson's. Increasing resources to find a cure is not only a compassionate response to the suffering experienced by over 500,000 Americans, but it is a wise and economical use of our nation's tax dollars. In addition to the human tragedy resulting from the condition, Parkinson's patient advocates note that this terrible disease costs our society some $25 billion a year in direct medical expenses and reduced productivity. Parkinson's is a progressive and debilitating disease that affects a large segment of our population. Therefore, the discovery of a cure or an effective treatment will pay dividends far in excess of the $100 million in authorized funds provided in this bill.  As you already know, Parkinson's disease results from a degenerative condition in the brain whereby nerve cells lose the ability to produce the neurotransmitting chemical dopamine. Common symptoms include tremors--particularly in the extremities--rigidity, loss of balance, and bradykinesia, or very slow movements.  Parkinson's disease is an incurable condition which afflicts roughly 1 in every 100 people over the age of 60. Existing treatments, such as L-dopa, a pharmaceutical substitute for dopamine, and pallidotomy, a surgical technique which can relieve symptoms, are not long-term solutions, and their effectiveness diminishes over time.  While new drugs, medical devices, and surgical techniques which offer symptom relief are all extremely important, a real cure requires the ability to halt the neurodegenerative cycle and repair damaged brain cells. This year, it is estimated that another 50,000 Americans will be diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.  Despite these troubling numbers, Parkinson's disease does not get the attention it deserves in our federal medical research institutes. Patient advocates correctly note that while federally funded medical research spends roughly $1,000 per person with AIDS, and $255 per person with cancer, Parkinson's disease receives only $21 per person in research from NIH. This does not mean that other, more prominently discussed, diseases and conditions should receive less, but it does mean that more Parkinson's research is desperately needed, and soon.  Second, I continue to have a serious concern that under the Morris K. Udall Parkinson's Research bill--H.R. 1260--introduced by our colleagues from Michigan and California, NIH could expand its research using tissue from intentionally aborted babies. As someone with a deep respect for life during all of its phases, I find the exploitation of these murdered innocents simply unethical. The end, even though I agree it is very worthy, does not justify immoral means.  The Parkinson's research expansion bill being introduced today by me and 12 of our colleagues addresses this concern. It authorizes the same research funding level as the Udall bill, but bars the use of these funds for research using tissue from aborted babies. Unlike the Udall bill, this legislation will ensure that 100 percent of the funds authorized for Parkinson's research are ethically unimpeachable and noncontroversial.  Let me be clear: Parkinson's research is vitally important and should be increased. However, unborn children should not be exploited in the process. In fact, were the Udall bill to come up before the House with the pro-life safeguards included in my legislation, I would enthusiastically support it.  Unfortunately, there is a well-founded concern with respect to the issue of fetal tissue research. In January 1993, one of President Clinton's first acts was to overturn a Bush administration policy prohibiting NIH funding of research involving the transplantation of fetal tissue from intentionally aborted babies. In June 1993, a new NIH bill specifically authorized NIH funding of human fetal tissue transplantation research using tissue from any source: ectopic pregnancies, miscarriages, and induced abortions.  Since 1993, there have been four awards by NIH for research on human fetal tissue transplantation, and every single one of them has been in the area of Parkinson's research. So the fetal tissue research issue is clearly relevant to a bill dealing with research to find treatments for Parkinson's disease.  Another reason pro-life people have reason to be concerned about the issue of fetal tissue research as it relates to Parkinson's is provided by an April 1996 article in The Washingtonian. In that article, Morton Kondracke writes that the ``fight over lifting a ban on federal funding of fetal-transplant research is what got Joan Samuelson into Parkinson's activism.'' Joan Samuelson, as you may know, is the president of the Parkinson's Action Network, which is the principal organization lobbying Members of Congress to cosponsor H.R. 1260.  Of course, there is nothing improper about people or organizations lobbying Congress to endorse fetal tissue research. If people disagree with my view on this issue, that is their right. However, many Members of Congress have been given the impression that there is absolutely no connection whatsoever between fetal tissue research and Parkinson's disease. To the contrary, my colleagues should understand that the forces urging them to cosponsor H.R. 1260 are substantially similar to the forces that lobbied Congress during the Bush administration to endorse fetal tissue research involving intentionally aborted unborn children. Many of the same players also opposed an amendment to the NIH reauthorization bill in 1993 which would have ensured that all of the safeguards recommended by an NIH advisory panel were in place before tax dollars were used for fetal tissue transplantation research.  In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, the legislation I am offering is identical to the Udall bill both in structure and in the funding authorization provided. The only differences between my bill and the Udall bill are: First, the title, to prevent confusion; and second, the pro-life protections contained in the bill. Everything else is identical.  Therefore, there is no debate over the commitment to fighting Parkinson's disease. There is no debate over funding levels. There is no debate over the structure of the new program. Indeed, if we could simply focus Federal funding toward the overwhelming majority of Parkinson's research that is uncontroversial, there would be no debate, and the expansion of Parkinson's research could begin almost immediately.