Mr. Speaker, on this 50th anniversary of Jackie Robinson's major league debut, I am proud to say that I am and always have been a fan of Jackie Robinson. Not just for his athletic prowess, but for what I believe is his greatest achievement: his ability to keep his eye on the goal of playing baseball and doing his best in the face of the catcalls, the hissing, and the jeers.  With all the societal pressures placed on him, Jackie Robinson breathed life to the idea of community and equality; and proved to his contemporaries that the only color that mattered to him was Dodger blue. But more importantly, he made sure he was judged not by the petty mans' standard of skin color, but by the higher standard of merit, performance, ability, tenacity, and perseverance.  No doubt, Jackie Robinson had tough times and dreary days throughout his career. His gift to baseball and, indeed, to America, was his sensibility to see past the setbacks, the biases, the bigotry, and the prejudices directed at him and focus on the enormous task of playing baseball, well, and proving that shades of skin color do not make the player or the man.  In high school, I was on the track and field team, and now, as many of my colleagues know, I play annually on the Republican baseball team. I cherish those times on the field. It's hard to imagine that, before Jackie Robinson broke the color barrier, so many were excluded from the opportunities and rewards that playing organized and professional sports provide us. Some of life's greatest skills--teamwork, stick-to-itiveness, determination, diligence and comradery--are learned and reinforced on the ball field, and to have excluded an entire race from our national pastime is unconscionable.  I have four children, Mr. Speaker, who, like myself, have a passion for sports. Every sport my children participate in, from baseball--that would be my son, Chris--to lacrosse--my daughter Melissa--to soccer--my son Mike and my youngest daughter, Elyse, is a lesson in unity and selflessness. And no one lived that lesson better than Jackie Robinson. With two out and one on in scoring position, and your teammate coming to the plate for the possible game winning RBI, you stand and root him on. And your teammate isn't Jackie, the African-American kid, he is Jackie, your friend, and the best darn player on the team.  Each time my children step on to a field with their teammates and I see the matching colors of their jerseys worn by a vibrant mix of ethnicity and race, I know that we are getting closer to an equal and unified society. I thank Jackie Robinson for breaking the color barrier and laying the foundation. Yet, I know Jackie Robinson would be disappointed in all of us if we didn't finish what he so courageously began. By remembering and honoring him today we rededicate ourselves and our nation to equality and liberty and justice for all.  