Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that today the House has finally taken long-overdue action to reauthorize the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (H.R. 1411).  In 1992, Congress enacted the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (P.L. 102-571) to authorize the Food and Drug Administration [FDA] to collect user fees from pharmaceutical companies to pay for more timely reviews of new, breakthrough drugs. It has been estimated that over $300 million in user fees have been collected under Public Law 102-571 to help finance safety and efficacy trials at the FDA. All of these user fees have been returned directly to the FDA, which used the money to expand its staff and cut review times for new drugs, thereby ensuring that patients ultimately benefit from the program.  H.R. 1411 also institutes a number of important reforms to the FDA to reduce drug review times and provide more information to patients and physicians in a timely manner. The net effect of this legislation will be to save and improve the lives of sick and injured persons across our nation.  But despite these much needed reforms to the FDA, there is much work that remains to be done. Specifically, I am concerned, like many Americans, about the FDA's plans to accelerate the elimination of metered dose inhalers [MDI's] that contain chlorofluorocarbons [CFC's].  As many of you know, on March 6, 1997, the FDA proposed a plan to phase-out the use of CFC's and MDI's, which are used by asthma and cystic fibrosis patients to breathe.  While I agree it is important to institute a transition strategy that will eventually eliminate CFC use, the advance notice of proposed rulemaking [ANPR] published by FDA on March 6 is deeply flawed and should be scrapped in favor of a plan that put patients--not international bureaucrats--first.  And it is Congress which must ensure that the interests of patients are in fact upheld throughout the formation of our country's MDI transition strategy. To that end, my colleague and friend from Florida, Mr. Cliff Stearns, and I have introduced legislation, H.R. 2221, that will temporarily suspend the FDA's ANPR until a new proposal can be crafted. It is our intention to offer our legislation as an amendment to H.R. 1411 had we been afforded an opportunity to do so.  Mr. Speaker, our legislation is necessary because the FDA's plan has numerous problems, including the fact that under the plan patients will have significantly fewer choices in asthma medications, which will leave some patients deprived of the medicines that need to breathe.  Specifically, FDA has classified most MDI-delivered respiratory medications into two therapeutic classes. One therapeutic class has five moieties, or drug types which are delivered to the lungs by the MDI, and other has seven moieties. A moiety refers to the drug's active ingredient, and for each moiety there are usually multiple generic versions produced and marketed.  According to the FDA proposal once two moieties are available in a non-CFC MDI form, all other drugs, including generics, in that therapeutic class will be banned. Thus, if you are a patient that relies on a moiety that is banned by the FDA policy, and the two non-CFC MDI's that remain on the market are unsatisfactory or unusable, your very life could be placed at risk.  As Congress continues to assess and debate the best way to craft a CFC transition strategy for metered dose inhalers, I would like to highlight the case of Tommy Farese, a 9-year-old boy from Spring Lake, NJ, who wrote to the FDA in April to oppose their plan. Tommy told the FDA that as someone who depends on Intal, Vanceril, and Provental every day to breathe, he does not want these medications taken away from him.  Under the FDA plan, the entire therapeutic class of drugs Tommy--and other like him--use to survive could be banned when two different non-CFC MDI moieties are marketed. However, if the first two non-CFC MDIs approved by FDA in a therapeutic class do not include the moieties for Intal and Vanceril, Tommy would lose access to the drugs he needs to physically breathe. Mr. Speaker, as the father of two daughters with asthma, I find any plan that could lead to such an outcome completely unacceptable.  Not surprisingly, the FDA's plan has generated a firestorm of opposition from patients, respiratory therapists, and physicians: nearly 10,000 letters in opposition have been received to date by the FDA. Those expressing their concerns about the FDA plan include: Dr. C. Everett Koop, Mothers of Asthmatics, the Joint Council of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology [JCAAI], the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, the American Medical Association, and the American Association of Respiratory Therapists.  In my view, any plan to remove safe and effective medications from the marketplace needs to place the interests of children like Tommy Farese first and foremost. Sadly, the FDA plans fails in this regard. Indeed, the FDA plan presumes that CFC-free inhalers serve all patient subpopulations--such as children and the elderly--equally well, despite the fact that children have special needs. Therefore, I call upon all Members to support H.R. 2221 and stop the FDA from implementing this terribly flawed and environmentally marginal proposal.  