Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me this time. I want to congratulate the distinguished gentlewoman for this legislation and her strong human rights leadership in this House.  H.R. 2358, Mr. Speaker, addresses the important question as to whether the cornerstone of our foreign policy should be the promotion of universally recognized human rights. Looking at the State Department budget, and my subcommittee oversees on the authorizing side the State Department budget, we see that the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor has 52 employees and a budget of just over $6 million. By way of contrast, the Public Affairs Office is about twice as large, with 115 employees and a budget of over $10 million. Even the Protocol Office has 62 employees, 10 more employees than the whole Human Rights Bureau. Each of the six regional bureaus has an average of 1,500 employees. These are the bureaus the Human Rights Bureau sometimes has to contend with in ensuring that human rights is accorded its rightful priority against competing concerns, and they have a combined budget of about $1 billion, or about 160 times the budget of the Human Rights Bureau.  This gross disparity in resource allocation is not only a poignant symbol of the imbalance in our foreign policy priority, it is also an important practical consequence. It has practical consequences. For instance, Washington officials from the regional bureaus develop their expertise by taking frequent trips to the regions in which they specialize. Officials in the Human Rights Bureau, however, below the rank of Deputy Assistant Secretary almost never have the budgets for such trips.  It is an unfortunate fact of life that we usually get what we pay for, and it appears that the American taxpayers are paying for more State Department protocol and public relations and less for human rights. By adding $2.2 million in each of the next 2 fiscal years for monitoring human rights in the People's Republic of China, this bill will help to redress the terrible imbalance in the current State Department budget.  Let me also point out, and I appreciate the earlier comments of the distinguished gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Gephardt], the minority leader, when he quoted from Wei Jingsheng, that great human rights champion in the People's Republic of China, who today is languishing in a gulag in Laogai because of his strong beliefs. I met with Wei when he was let out to try to procure the Olympics 2000 for the Chinese dictatorship. They thought that symbolic gesture would garner that for them. He was only out for a couple of weeks, several weeks. I met with him, talked to him for about 3 hours. Two weeks later or so he met with Assistant Secretary of State for Human Rights and Democracy John Shattuck. The next day after meeting with the point person for the Clinton administration on human rights, Wei Jingsheng was grabbed off the streets and thrown into prison, and he is there now, unfortunately suffering. We know that he has been beaten. At one point he was beaten so bad he could not even raise his head, and his sister and others who care deeply for him fear for his life.  We need greater monitoring. We need more surveillance to know what is going on. One or two people designated in Beijing or Shanghai or elsewhere is not adequate to the test.  Let me also say I am very appreciative to the gentlewoman from Washington, Mrs. Linda Smith, for her language that she has added to this bill with regard to the organs that are used from executed prisoners. Let me just say we have had two hearings on that in my subcommittee. It is a horrific reality. We need to rein in on it, and we need, I think, do everything possible to shut down that gruesome process.  