I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, I first of all want to thank the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Rogers] for again renewing current law to prohibit taxpayer funding for abortion on demand in Federal prisons. And so I rise in very strong opposition to the Norton amendment which would strip this prolife provision out of the bill and thus authorize public funding for abortion on demand.  It is worth noting that in 1995, the House considered this issue and voted 281-146 to defeat the Norton amendment, and I urge a ``no'' vote again today.  Mr. Chairman, it is about time that we face the fact that abortion is violence against children. It is hard enough that this child abuse is legal and that each and every day boys and girls are slaughtered by the abortionists, but do not force us to pay for it. Abortion methods are violent acts. It is violence against children. Abortion methods are not designed to heal, but to kill. Abortion treats pregnancy like a disease to be vanquished and turns babies into objects, expendable, throwaways, so much junk.  It has been pointed out that many women are incarcerated because of drug offenses. The logic of that argument is that the children of these women are somehow better off dead. All I can say is that is a very cynical view. Since when is being a victim of drug abuse a capital offense? Should children be brutally killed for the crimes of their parents or because they might have been injured by those crimes? Of course not.  Mr. Chairman, in our culture, abortionists sport white coats and a paper-thin facade of respectability, but the gut-wrenching reality is that abortionists dismember and poison babies for profit. They inject highly concentrated salt water and other poisons into the baby that lead to a very slow and painful death for those children. Abortionists routinely dismember children. They cut off their heads. They cut off their arms and legs. That is the reality. People can smirk and smile and think that that is not what happens, but that is what happens in an abortion.  A few days ago, Dr. Nathanson showed a film of a suction abortion. He is a former abortionist who did thousands of them. He showed this film, a laparoscopy caught on videotape, a baby being dismembered literally limb by limb. That is the ugly reality that so often is sanitized by the rhetoric of choice. Abortion, Mr. Chairman, is violence against children.  A few days ago, the world noted, Mr. Chairman, and many of us mourned, the passing of a woman of very deep compassion and love, Mother Teresa. I think many also remember that at the 1994 National Prayer Breakfast, Mother Teresa addressed thousands of people who were assembled, including President Bill Clinton and Vice President Gore. Few could listen to Mother Teresa and not be moved to believe that in this small, frail, humble woman there stood a very powerful messenger to directly speak to a President and Nation that had lost its moral compass.  Mother Teresa said, and I quote, ``Please don't kill the child. I want the child,'' she went on to say. ``We are fighting abortion with adoption, by care of the mother and adoption of the baby.'' Mother Teresa further stated, and I quote, ``The greatest destroyer of peace today is abortion, because it is a war against the child, a direct killing of an innocent child.'' She then urged all Americans and diplomats who were assembled to more fully understand the linkage of abortion with other forms of violence. She said, and I quote, ``Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching people to love, but to use violence to get what they want. This is why the greatest destroyer of peace and love is abortion.''  Mr. Chairman, the children of incarcerated women are of no less value than any other children. No child anywhere at any time, including unborn kids, is a throwaway. Being unwanted does not make you less human. It does not allow others to turn you into an object that could be killed with poison shots or by dismemberment of your body. The children of the incarcerated women are precious, and they deserve our love and respect; again, not dismemberment and poison shots. I urge Members of this body to vote ``no'' for taxpayer funding for abortion, to vote ``no'' on the Norton amendment.  