Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  First of all, Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Livingston] for his very humane and courageous leadership in ensuring that the legislation before the body today does not have an authorization to provide money to pay for abortion. The Livingston amendment, which is a continuous effort that has been made over the years going back to the early 1980's when I first offered this amendment to the Treasury-Postal bill, ensures that taxpayers and premium payers do not subsidize abortion on demand, and that is what the issue is before us today.  Let me make it very clear that taxpayers pay into this program approximately 73 percent of the total funding for our health insurance. The premium payers, and that is all of us, myself included, and my other colleagues, we pay the remaining 27 percent. But the major share, three-fourths of the money that goes into the Federal Employees Health Benefits Programcomes from the U.S. taxpayers, and they have shown consistently in every poll that they do not want to pay for abortions on demand.  The Hyde amendment and the vote that we had last week, one of the high water marks in terms of the votes that were garnered for the Hyde amendment, make it very clear that even people who take the other side of this issue recognize that there are many of us who conscientiously believe we should have no complicity in the killing or the maiming of unborn children.  Let me also say, Mr. Chairman, and this does afford us this opportunity, that when we talk about abortion, we very often sanitize it. We try to treat it euphemistically. Some people always like to refer to it as choice, but the bottom line is abortion is violence against children. It takes the life of a baby whether it be by dismembering that unborn child or by injecting poisons like salt poison into the baby's amniotic sac, which kills the baby in a very slow and a very painful way.  As we saw earlier in this session, Mr. Chairman, there are other hideous methods of abortion as well, like the partial-birth abortion. Yes, it was banned by the House and by the Senate. The legislation has not yet gone to the White House, but that, too, could be paid for under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program if we do not have this language contained within it.  Let me also point out to my colleagues that the language in the bill makes exceptions for rape, incest and life of the mother, but the majority of the abortions, the majority of those children who otherwise would have their lives snuffed out and subsidized by this body and by the premium payers, would not happen if this language stays in the bill.  I urge Members to vote against this amendment that has been offered. It would subsidize abortion on demand, no doubt about that.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  