Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bunning], for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, whatever decision we make today, the American people will see it as a decision about the role of morality in U.S. foreign policy, and they will be right. Mr. Speaker, this is a vote about whether a government which practices forced abortion and forced sterilization on a massive scale should be rewarded or punished. It is a vote about how a government treats its own people, especially people of faith, Catholic bishops, priests and Protestant ministers and Tibetan monks and nuns. This is a vote about a government that routinely uses slave labor and does so with impunity.  I have held six hearings in my Subcommittee on International Relations and Human Rights on various aspects of human rights in China. We heard from people who survived the Laogai, the gulag system, people like Harry Wu. And I can tell my colleagues, the victims are not in favor of continuing most-favored-nation status with China because they know a butcher when they see one.  Today's vote is about dying rooms and inhumane orphanages, where baby girls and handicapped children are left to die simply because they are unwanted by the dictatorship. Today's vote is about what happened in Tiananmen Square--because what was overt in 1989--the silence of dissent--is more covert and sophisticated today. But the repression remains pervasive and brutal.  Last December, Mr. Speaker, the President coddled the dictatorship's hit man General Chi Haotian, the Defense Minister for the People's Republic of China, and gave him the red carpet treatment. The man who ordered the massacre at Tiananmen Square was the President's honored guest and during his visit to the U.S. said ``nobody died'' at Tiananmen Square. Does anybody in this room believe that? Of course not. It is utter nonsense, an unmitigated lie; but that is what the Beijing dictatorship is all about--lies.  Let me just ask my friends and colleagues, how long are we going to continue this misguided strategy of constructive engagement? As the previous speaker pointed out, things have gone from bad to worse. During the China human rights period of time when President Clinton had his executive order in place, we saw a significant regression, not progress but regression in every category of human rights.  As a matter of fact, one of three human rights missions to the PRC, I was there at the halfway point during the life of the executive order. During the trip I met with Wei Jingsheng, the father of the democracy movement in the People's Republic of China. A couple of weeks later, he met with John Shattuck, Assistant Secretary of Democrat and Human Rights--Bill Clinton's point man on human rights. How did the Chinese Government respond to those meetings, especially to the one with Secretary Shattuck? They arrested Wei, the dictatorship put him in prison where he is today--another victim of this brutal dictatorship.  Let me also remind my colleagues that if they think trade will trigger democracy and respect for human rights--they are sadly mistaken. The government of China has gone from communism to fascism. And respect for human rights have deteriorated. Who is making big profits in the PRC? The generals and officers affiliated with the People's Liberation Army and those who are connected to the power structure of the dictatorship. And again, we have seen significant regression in the area of human rights.  On religious freedom, I beg to differ vehemently with Billy Graham and others and especially with his son Ned Graham, who have suggested we should continue most-favored-nation status as a way of assisting religious liberty. Nothing could be further from the truth. The only people that can practice their religion in the PRC today are those who are part of the official Communist controlled church, and that is it. Step outside the boundaries of the government church and the full weight of the totalitarian state is visited upon you.  If you're a pastor in the underground church--you go to prison. If you meet for Bible study in a setting not approved by Beijing, you are harassed--and you may go to a concentration camp. I met with Bishop Su of the Baoding Province. Bishop Su--who is part of the ``illegal'' Roman Catholic Church aligned with Pope John Paul II--celebrated mass for our delegation. What happened to him? He was arrested by the secret police and is now back in prison for meetings with us. Bishop Su is no stranger to persecution, having suffered more than 12 years for his faith. Now the bully boys have sent this good man back to the gulag. There is no religious freedom in the PRC. Let us stop kidding ourselves.  To those who think trade equals progress in human rights, can you at least provide some evidence of that? Let me remind members that there were business men during the Nazi years, in the 1930's, who went and traded with the Nazis. But at least they did not have the temerity to stand up and say somehow that human rights were going to break out because the trains were running on time..  MFN is empowering a brutal dictatorship. The oppressor is getting bolder and stronger. And meaner. The dictator will soon begin to project its power to its neighbors--the signs are all there. The dictatorship will soon leave a bristling blue water navy to project power and influence and to intimidate.  Let me just note at this point that my business friends are not adverse to using sanctions when intellectual property rights are involved. Hollywood will go to war to protect pirated movies and CD's. But they shrink like violets when people's lives are on the line. When people, when torture, when forced abortion and religious freedom are the issue--they walk away and spout ``constructive engagement.'' Vote for the Solomon resolution and against MFN for this dictatorship.  