Mr. Speaker, make no mistake about it, abortion is violence against children. The partial-birth method is an extraordinarily heinous manifestation of this violence. Today those who kill babies by jamming scissors in a baby's skull followed by insertion of a hose to suck out their brains have an unfettered license to kill.  Nurse Brenda Pratt Schaffer, who worked with the infamous Dr. Haskell, described the end of the life of one 6-month-old in this way, and I quote:  ``The baby's body was moving. His little fingers were clasping together. He was kicking his feet. All the while his little head was still stuck inside. Dr. Haskell took a pair of scissors and inserted them into the back of the baby's head. Then he stuck the high-powered suction tube into the hole and sucked the baby's brains out. I almost threw up,'' she said, ``as I watched him do these things.''  To mitigate this cruelty, Mr. Speaker, this cruelty to children, some States, about 15, have already enacted partial-birth bans into law but litigation has mostly precluded enforcement. Other States are considering such a ban. And in Florida, Missouri, and my own State of New Jersey, where at least 1,500 of these partial-birth abortions are done each year in northern New Jersey alone, the bills were sadly vetoed by our Governors.  Mr. Speaker, the United States needs a national law to ban this violence against kids. Today we can do that. Today we can revoke the license to kill babies in this fashion and protect at least some kids from this kiddie holocaust called abortion on demand. If the President vetoes the bill, he and he alone empowers abortionists to murder kids in this hideous way.  Let's not forget, Mr. Speaker, the leadership of the pro-abortion movement has been savvy in masking the violence and cruelty to baby girls and boys killed by abortion in general and this method in particular. But they have been exposed once again and by one of their own.  Members please recall that Ron Fitzsimmons, the ex-director of the National Coalition of Abortion Providers, has publicly confessed that he ``lied through (his) teeth'' when he told a TV interviewer, according to the New York Times, that partial-birth abortion was ``used rarely and only on women whose liveswere in danger or whose fetuses were damaged.''  According to the AMA News and the New York Times, Mr. Fitzsimmons now says that his party line defense of this method of abortion was a deliberate lie--and that in the vast majority of cases, the procedure is performed on a healthy mother with a healthy fetus that is 20 weeks or more along.  Most in the media believed and amplified as true the falsehoods and lies put out by Planned Parenthood Federation of America, the Alan Guttmacher Institute, the ACLU, NARAL, the National Family Planning and Reproductive Health Association, NOW, the National Republican Coalition for Choice, People for the American Way, Population Action International, Zero Population Growth [ZPG], to name a few signers of an October 25, 1995 letter to Members of Congress which stated:       This surgical procedure is used only in rare cases, fewer      than 500 per year. It is most often performed in the case of      wanted pregnancies gone tragically wrong, when a family      learns late in pregnancy of severe fetal anomalies or a      medical condition that threatens the pregnant woman's life or      health.  These groups lied to us. And it's not the first time these groups have lied to us. Dr. Bernard Nathanson, a former abortionist and a founder of NARAL has said lying and junk science are commonplace in the pro-abortion movement. It is the way they sell abortion to a gullible public. Dr. Nathanson said that in the early days, they absolutely lied about the number of illegal abortions; today, he says they lie about the link of abortion and breast cancer--there is a link; and they lie about the safety of abortion. And of course, the big lie on partial-birth abortion has been exposed. The procedure is not rare--it is common--and it is used with devastating consequences on perfectly healthy mothers and babies.  In the debate on partial-birth abortion last year, remember the big lie about how anesthesia kills the baby? That falsehood was exposed by the president of the American Society of Anesthesiologists, Dr. Norig Ellison, who explained before the Senate Judiciary Committee:       I believe this . . . to be entirely inaccurate. I am deeply      concerned, moreover, that the widespread publicity given to      Dr. McMahon's testimony may cause pregnant women to delay      necessary and perhaps life-saving medical procedures, totally      unrelated to the birthing process, due to misinformation      regarding the effect of anesthetics on the fetus. . . .  