Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This amendment is very simple. It is intended to stop the State Department from charging Americans twice for the same service.  The State Department has begun charging, as I think many of my colleagues know now, U.S. citizens $1.05 per minute for information about their U.S. passports. In order to get this information, they must call a 900 number that is run by a for-profit corporation. Americans who have already paid a $65 passport fee are now required to payfor information that used to be available for free.  Something, it seems to me, is very wrong with this picture, especially because passport applicants are already paying for more passport services than they are receiving. Let us face it, whether we think it is deserved or not, 900 telephone numbers carry certain connotations with the American public, from the racy to the ridiculous. That forum should not be used to sell information that should already belong to the American people.  Mr. Chairman, the idea behind a user fee such as the passport fee is that we are paying for what it actually costs the Government to provide us that service. The user fees should not be used for a profit engine, and passport applicants are supposed to get what they pay for. But the $65 fee that U.S. citizens pay up front for passport processing already more than covers the cost of passport services that they receive from the State Department.  A while back, the Department conducted a fee study to justify the latest increase in the passport fee to $65. But the study, in fact, did not justify that amount. The Department did its best to attribute every possible cost to passport users. It even went so far to factor in the proportional cost of U.S. overseas consular services which might be used by American travelers. But even then, the total was nothing close to $65. The Department has been at a loss to know what to do in response to that finding, so they have not released it to the public.  Let me say again, this is a kind of double taxation. We have had numerous complaints in my State, particularly in my counties of Monmouth, Ocean, Mercer, and Burlington. As a matter of fact, the county clerk in Ocean County was the one who brought this to my attention some time ago. So this is in response to that criticism of the people from those counties.  