Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma [Mr. Largent] for his courage in offering this motion along with the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hyde].  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Largent-Hyde motion to instruct conferees to the foreign ops bill to uphold the House position on the pro-life Mexico City policy--the Hyde amendment of foreign aid.  Today, Mr. Speaker, the pro-life laws and policies of almost 100 countries that restrict abortion are under siege and the engine driving this global pro-abortion push is the nongovernmental organizations funded by the U.S. Government.  The House position, adopted 234 to 191, permits the flow of funds only to those organizations that pledge to provide only family planning and not abortion. In other words, the innocent children are not put at risk.  Mr. Chairman, who we subsidize, not just what, but who we subsidize, who we give hundreds of millions of dollars--and these are discretionary funds, this is not entitlement spending--does matter.  Let me remind Members that the simple fact of the matter is that the long-standing law the Helms amendment stipulating that no U.S. funds can be directly used for abortion was found to be infirm and incomplete and riddled with loopholes. Money is fungible. The millions of dollars that we give to a group immediately frees up other funds that can be used, and in this case are used, for performing and aggressively promoting abortion.  It should matter greatly to each and every one of us not just what an organization does with its specific subsidy, but the rest of its agenda as well. It is a package deal.  Mr. Speaker, many groups use family planning as the Trojan horse to conceal their real agenda, abortion on demand. We closed those loopholes back in the mid-1980's with the implementation of the Mexico City policy. Regrettably, Mr. Clinton reinstated the loopholes.  Many Planned Parenthood affiliates around the world are leaving no stones unturned in their obsessive campaign to legalize abortion on demand around the globe. If they succeed, millions of babies will die from the violence of abortion on demand.  I urge Members again, as I did in previous debates, to carefully consider the 1992 IPPF, International Planned Parenthood Federation, abortion manifesto called Vision 2000. We call it Nightmare 2000, because it is a global strategic plan to usher in a world of free abortion. Nightmare 2000 was adopted by Planned Parenthood and its 140 affiliates in 1992 and they are trying to implement it around the world. The blueprint for action is designed to ``bring pressure on governments'' andto, quote, further ``campaign for policy and legislative changes to remove restrictions against abortion.'' In other words, topple the pro-life laws.  Mr. Speaker, can anything be more clear? Pressure governments to nullify their pro-life policies? Campaign for abortion on demand? And we, Mr. Speaker, if we fail to include the Mexico City language in our foreign policy statute will put hundreds of millions of dollars at their disposal to advance this antichild campaign of pressure.  Fred Sai, who is former chairman of IPPF, said, and I quote, ``Now, for the first time the IPPF strategic plan, Vision 2000 * * * outlines activities at both the Secretariat and Family Planning Association level to further IPPF's explicit goal of increasing the right of access to abortion.''  Planned Parenthood is an abortion purveyor and should not be subsidized.  Who we support does matter. Planned Parenthood's explicit goal is the eradication of every pro-life law, policy, and/or constitutional provision protecting babies on the face of the Earth. IPPF has an elaborate plan of action, to promote abortion in Central and South America where unborn children are now legally safeguarded. They have plans to repeal the pro-life laws in Africa, the Muslim countries in the Middle East, and several Asian countries as well.  In Poland, for example, the chairman of the Parliamentary Group on the Family, Stanislaw Kowolik, lashed out in public debate at the external factions in Poland for meddling in that country and pushing for liberalized abortion.  Another example of a backlash against the United States and Planned Parenthood pressure to legalize abortion is in the Philippines. A headline in the Philippine Daily Inquirer last July read: ``Flavier Hits U.S. Pressure on Abortion,'' and then the newspaper quotes Senator Juan Flavier: ``We have just celebrated our 50th anniversary of independence from America, but we can still see insidious methods of imperialism trying to subvert our self-determination by using [population control] funds as subtle leverage. I strongly oppose abortion. It is prohibited by our laws and the Philippine Constitution. Hence, we should be prepared to lose foreign funding rather than be pressured into causing the death of unborn children.''  The abortion promotion by Planned Parenthood is so extreme in the Philippines that the president of IPPF's own affiliate, it is known as the Family Planning Organization of the Philippines, FPOP, resigned over what he called IPPF's hidden agenda to use his affiliate as a Trojan horse to legalize abortion.  Mr. Speaker, I strongly, strongly urge a ``yes" vote for the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma [Mr. Largent] and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hyde] to affirm the House-passed language in the foreign operations bill.  