 Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro) who has been a real fighter for family farms.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Sanders amendment, and I wanted to congratulate the gentleman from Vermont for really making a breakthrough here on an issue that has been divisive and to say also to the gentleman from Wisconsin, on this issue, if the folks from Vermont and Wisconsin can get together on this effort, we really do have what we have been trying to talk about and create an effort here that does the best for the people in this country and in this instance to the dairy farmers of this country.  The gentlewoman from Connecticut (Mrs. Johnson) spoke a minute ago; and we do have dairy farms, albeit not as many as other people in this body have, but I think she was absolutely correct in saying that their livelihood, their ability to succeed equals that ability to succeed of dairy farmers all over this great country of ours. That is what this amendment is all about.  This is meant to enhance the income of all dairy farmers, no matter where they come from. It is a voluntary program. There are no mandates here. It costs the taxpayer nothing. It would be administered through regional boards; it would distribute the funds to the dairy farmers that are in need of them. It deals in many ways with the complexity of trying to look at the price differentials, and that is critical.  Is it all ironed out? No. But it is such a very good start to something that has been such a divisive issue in this body. It brings benefits, yes, to the Northeast and to my dairy farmers, and it brings that kind of success that we had with that Northeast dairy compact to the rest of the dairy farmers around the country. It preserves small dairy farmers all over the country; it allows them to do what they want to do and that is to pass their farms on to the next generation. It is a good amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore (Mr. Hastings of Washington). The Chair would advise Members that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Combest) has 6\1/4\ minutes remaining; the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Stenholm) has 4\1/4\ minutes remaining; the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) has 7\1/2\ minutes remaining; and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) has 4 minutes remaining.  