 DeFazio). All over this country people are driving to work. In the State of Vermont, we are one of the most rural States in the country. People put a lot of miles on their car, and what they are noticing is that the price that they are paying for gas at the pump is zooming upward.  What they should also notice is that the profits of the major oil companies have expanded enormously. During the last year, ExxonMobil saw a 102 percent increase in their profits; Chevron, a 150 percent increase in their profits; Texaco, 116 percent increase in their profits; Conoco, a 155 percent increase in their profits; Phillips Petroleum did really good, a 205 percent increase; and on and on it goes.  So while working people all over this country are paying more and more at the pump, while people are scared to death about what the heating bills will be in States like Vermont next winter, the oil companies are enjoying huge profits. Some of us think that it might be appropriate, as radical an idea as it might be, for the United States Congress to stand up for the working people, for the middle class, for those people whose heating bills and whose oil bills and gas prices are moving upward, rather than for the oil companies who have contributed so much money to the Republican Party. I know that that is a radical idea, but some of us think maybe it is long overdue that we begin to do that.  I do not know if my friend, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), wants to go there yet; but there is another issue that he has alerted me to awhile back that I think is a fascinating issue. It deals obviously with energy. It deals with trade. It deals with money and politics. And that is the issue of OPEC.  I must confess to my colleagues and to the American people that I am not a great fan of unfettered free trade. I voted against NAFTA. I voted against GATT. I am strongly opposed to the Most Favored Nation status, or PNTR, with China. We will talk about that in a little while.  What is interesting is a majority of the Members of the House, a majority of the Members of the Senate and the President of the United States, they disagree with me. They say free trade is just a wonderful, wonderful thing and that everybody does well when we have no limitations to production, to distribution, products go in and out of people's countries. That is the way we have to go.  I have a question and I want to credit my friend from Oregon for raising this issue a couple of months ago or longer than that, and that is everybody in the world understands that OPEC, the oil-producing countries, are a cartel. That is why they are in existence. In fact, in a couple of weeks they are going to be meeting, as they do periodically, to decide as to how much oil they will produce and what the price, in fact, of oil will be on the world market. It is a cartel. Their existence, their reason for existence, is to control oil production.  I find it amazing, and I would like my friend from Oregon to comment on it, how it could be that the representative from the United States Trade Department, operating under the Secretary of the Treasury, has not raced off to Geneva, Switzerland, where the WTO is and raised the complaint about OPEC's policies being a clear violation of international trade. I find it amazing that all of the proponents of free trade, who think it is a great idea that corporations run to China and hire workers there at 20 cents an hour when they throw Americans out on the street, that is great. Where are they when it comes to taking on OPEC and the oil industry that works with OPEC?  Mr. Speaker, I would yield to my friend from Oregon for some comments on that.  Mr. DeFAZIO. The gentleman raises a very interesting point. In fact, I consulted with experts at the Congressional Research Service. Like the gentleman, I opposed the formation of the World Trade Organization; I opposed NAFTA; opposed Most Favored Nation status for China, and unfortunately and pathetically the Clinton administration was as bad as the Reagan administration, the Bush I administration and the Bush II administration on these issues. There seems to be sort of a thread that runs through there.  I was concerned when I read about Mr. Chavez, the President of Venezuela, who is head of OPEC, saying, we can squeeze them. All we have to do is constrain production.  I thought, well, wait a minute. What about this free trade stuff that I hear from President Clinton and I am hearing now from President Bush? They are all for rules-based free trade. That is why we are going to have the WTO and put China in there. We are going to have rules, by God; we are going to have rules. Well, I checked out the rules.  I am not a lawyer, but it is pretty clear when I read the rules that OPEC cannot do what they are doing under the rules. So I consulted with the Congressional Research Service, and I said I am not a lawyer and I read this stuff and it kind of looks to me like OPEC, the seven countries in OPEC now, I did raise this issue with Vice President Cheney and he looked at me very smugly and said did I not know that Saudi Arabia was not in OPEC?  I said, well, Mr. Vice President, I know that Saudi Arabia is not in OPEC, but the seven members who are in OPEC are members of the World Trade Organization. Saudi Arabia is an observer nation, and they want to be in the WTO so they have to follow the rules, too. Did not have much of a rejoinder to that.  I have sent a letter to President Bush and Vice President Cheney and their trade representative asking them on behalf of the consumers of the United States, who are footing the bill every day when they pull up to the gas pump, to file a complaint for illegal constraint of trade and production under the World Trade Organization agreement and GATT by the OPEC nations. There has been a resounding silence.  I think what is really going on here is one finds that the American oil companies use the constriction of production by OPEC as an excuse to raise the price even more. I mean, we go back to the ExxonMobil profits, that $15.9 billion, that is $159,000 million in profits, a 102 percent increase by ExxonMobil. It had to come from somewhere.  It came from two places. Mobil was manipulating and constricting gas supply to drive up the price across the country to people who use natural gas to produce energy to heat their homes or run their business; and Exxon, specializing on the other side of the equation, and Mobil to some extent, was using the excuse of constricted supply from OPEC to drive up the price twice as much as OPEC had and increase their profits.  So it appears that the Bush administration, no big surprise given their oil background, will not use the rules-based trade that they want us to be in. In fact, they want to expand this to a giant super NAFTA which covers the entire western hemisphere. They will not use the rules of that to file a complaint against the OPEC countries, a complaint that according to the legal resources I have contacted the United States would win recouping billions of dollars of refunds for U.S. consumers.  Now, why will they not do that? If I were President of the United States and I had an opportunity to go out against foreign nations who are manipulating a product that is essential to my economy, I would do it in a second; and I would refund that money to all the American consumers who had beengouged by this manipulation. Strangely enough, the Bush administration will not do that.  As I say, to be fair, the Clinton administration before them would not do it either. It is a pathetic comment.  