 Speaker, I would agree with the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), it is hard to imagine that the millions and millions of dollars that come in have any influence in public policy.  It is probably that the oil companies are concerned about the quality of our democracy and just want to get more debate and political interest out there.  We are running out of time here, and I just want to say a few words in closing, and, that is, I think what is very sad about what is going on in this country is we are, in fact, a very great Nation of great people.  We have enormous productivity. We have great wealth. We have great energy. Given that reality, this Nation today has the capability of providing a good quality of life and a decent standard of living for every man, woman, and child.  It is no longer Utopian to talk about every American having good quality health care through a national health care system as a right of citizenship. That is not Utopian. That, in fact, exists in virtually every other major country. We are the only Nation on Earth that does not guarantee health care to all people as a right of citizenship.  It is not Utopian today to say that every person in this country, regardless of income, should be able to get all of the education that they are capable of absorbing, rather than seeing so many of our young people going deeply into debt as they have to figure out a way to pay for the high costs of college education. That is not Utopian.  It is not Utopian to say that we can do, as France does, for example, and have universal high-quality child care for all of our people. It is not Utopian to say that we can provide the health care that our veterans who put their lives on the line defending this country are entitled to. That is not Utopian.  It is not Utopian to say that we can produce the energy that this country requires in an environmentally sound way rather than contributing to global warming or to acid rain or to other environmental degradation. That is not Utopian. The technology is here today.  It seems to me that what we as a Nation have to do is revitalize American democracy, get people actively involved in the political process, get people to stand up for their rights, for the rights of their children. If we do that, we can, in fact, take back this country for the big money interests who have so much power over us today.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio).  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, if I can make a quick sentence on the energypolicy. What we are putting forward is a really grand 1953 energy policy, dig, drill, burn, build, and profit, profit, profit. I would just reflect, it is time to move beyond that. We have the technology and the capability of becoming the most energy-efficient and most well-fed, housed, clothed and heated Nation on Earth with new technologies.  We just need to invest in it. The Stone Age did not end because they ran out of rocks. They evolved. We need to evolve here in the United States of America.  