 Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding time and for bringing up an amendment that gets to the heart of everything that we have been talking about in Congress for the last couple of months.  Let me begin by citing three words: priorities, priorities, priorities. In the United States today, we have by far the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any nation on Earth. The wealthiest 1 percent of the population owns more wealth than the bottom 95 percent. The gap between the rich and the poor is growing wider. The CEOs of major corporations now earn over 500 times what their workers earn. Yet a few months ago it was the wisdom of the President of the United States and a majority of the Members of Congress that the richest 1 percent, those people who have a minimum income of $373,000 a year, need to have, over a 10-year period, hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks. That is what the President and the Congress said.  Some of us disagree. Some of us think that it is more important that we adequately fund education in this country so that every young person has the opportunity to succeed in this country. Some of us think that it is absurd that the average young person who graduates from college today ends up $20,000 in debt because we have cut back, over the years, Federal aid to education.  Some of us think that it is absurd that 1 week after the President signed the tax bill and the huge tax breaks for the rich, that 1 week later people on his Social Security advisory committee suddenly announced that we may have to cut back on the cost of living allowance for people on Social Security. Tax breaks for billionaires, but we do not have enough money to adequately fund Social Security.  In my State and all over this country, home health care agencies are having a terrible time and have received huge cuts in taking care of some of the oldest and most frail people in this country. Visiting nurses are unable now to do the job because this Congress, several years ago, savaged Medicare. We do not have enough money to take care of the old and the frail, but we do have enough money to provide huge tax breaks for billionaires.  In the United States today, we remain alone among industrialized nations in not having a strong prescription drug benefit program for our seniors. In Vermont and all over this country, elderly people do not know how they are going to pay for their prescription drugs. They are forced to choose between food and heat and their prescription drugs. We do not have enough money to provide strong prescription drug benefits. Let us support this important amendment.  