 Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, let me begin by thanking my friend, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter), for the work that he has done as chairman of the authorizing committee. The problem is that while he has conducted that subcommittee in a very nonpartisan way, and I think we have done some very, very good work to fundamentally reform the Export-Import Bank in terms of making it more responsive to American workers rather than multinational corporations, it remains to be seen whether the effort that we have labored for will in fact become law or even be heard. We were supposed to have a meeting of the subcommittee, which was canceled, I gather by the chairman of the committee. So we will learn more about that later.  Having said that, I rise in support of the amendment, because I am not at all sure that the reforms that need to be happening will in fact happen. Let me basically talk about the main concern that I have and why I support this amendment.  This amendment is right unto itself, but it touches on a broader issue. If American taxpayers are going to be laying out money to create decent-paying American jobs, then we have a right to expect that the companies who receive that money in fact are expanding their American workforce. That is not a very difficult proposition. The truth of the matter is that many of the major recipients of Export-Import funds have been some of the major companies in this country who are laying off American workers. In fact, according to Time Magazine, the top five recipients of Export-Import subsidies over the last decade have reduced their workforce by 38 percent.  So you take large corporations who go running to the Export-Import Bank, and they say, hey, we need this corporate welfare, and they get the support. And the next day they say, oh, by the way, thank you for the money; but we are now moving our factories to China or Mexico and laying off tens of thousands of American workers.  Our current trade policy, in my view, is a disaster. We have over a $400 billion trade deficit. We have close to a $100 billion trade deficit with China. To the degree that American taxpayers' money is to be used to subsidize American companies, the taxpayers of this country have a right to know that those companies are doing everything they can to increase jobs in the United States.  If a company like General Electric, and let me be specific about General Electric, says, and they advertise it to the world, they say, gee, we wish that we had a barge so that we could take all of our factories to the cheapest-labor countries in the world and layoff more American workers, that is what we want to do, that is what they say. And then they come to the Export-Import Bank and they say, here is a check for you. Go out, take your jobs to China, take your jobs to Mexico, use American taxpayer dollars for that purpose. The average American taxpayer is outraged by this behavior.  What the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter) and I have attempted to do is to craft legislation which does two things: it says to companies that are hell-bent on taking our jobs to China and Mexico, you can do it; but do not come in and ask taxpayers of this country to subsidize it.  Second of all, we believe that small businesses are the engines for job creation in this country, and Export-Import has got to put more money into small businesses.  The issue of the steel company in China is just one of many examples. Taxpayer money, American taxpayer money, should not be used to hurt American workers.  In my view, in terms of the Export-Import Bank, we could do one of two things: we could kill the whole thing and say we are not giving any more subsidies, because it is corporate welfare. That would not be an irrational thing to do. The other thing that we can do, and the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter) and I are attempting to do that, is to make the Export-Import Bank work for American workers, to support those companies that want to grow American jobs.  