 Chairman, this amendment is cosponsored by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis), the gentleman from New York (Mr. Hinchey), the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Tierney), and the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. Baldwin).  Mr. Chairman, today we are talking about bioterrorism and how to protect the American people against this nightmare, and that is an appropriate subject of discussion and something that the American people want us to address. But we must be frank and say that if, God forbid, this country was ever subjected to a major terrorist attack in terms of biological, chemical, or nuclear weapons, we must admit that we currently do not have the public health infrastructure to deal with such a crisis. This bill contains many important provisions to fill that gap, and I support those provisions, but it still leaves a very large hole.  Mr. Chairman, 44 million Americans have no health insurance or any primary care physician, and tens of millions more are inadequately insured. In the event of a national medical emergency, where would these people turn for medical assistance? How, in an orderly and effective way, would millions of people receive the medications and medical care they need on the same day?  In my view, the United States Government must make certain that every community in America, in our large cities and in our rural small towns, have a public health capability for treating all people, regardless of income, regardless of geographical location. It is inconceivable to me that we can talk seriously about addressing the nightmare of bioterrorism without addressing the issue of public health infrastructure. We can have all the medicine we want, we can have all the vaccines we want, and we must have that, but they will not do us any good if there is not a public health infrastructure to make sure that that medicine is adequately and effectively distributed and that all people are able to get the health care that they need. That will not be easy.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment begins to address that problem by providing $100 million in additional funding for federally qualified community health centers. The good news here is that we are not reinventing the wheel in this area, because FQHCs have already shown in urban areas and in rural areas that they can provide quality health care to all people at a very cost-effective rate.  Mr. Chairman, FQHCs already exist in every State in this country and are widely recognized as doing a great job. They have widespread support on both sides of the aisle and from President Bush and Secretary of Health and Human Services Thompson. The only problem is that there are not enough of them, and if we are serious about protecting the American people from bioterrorism, we must build more. The bottom line is that every American must know that in the event of a national medical emergency, there is a public health place that they can go to get the drugs that they need and to get the health care they need that does notexist now. And in my view, by expanding the community health center program, we can go a long way in making that access available to all people.  So, Mr. Chairman, I think that this is an important amendment, it is widely supported, and I would hope the membership would accept it.  