 Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, this tripartisan amendment is offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley), the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher), and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Paul).  It is about lowering the cost of prescription drugs so that the American people do not have to pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. It is about ending the national disgrace of tens of thousands of American citizens in New England, the Midwest, the Northwest, from having to go across the Canadian border in order to purchase the same exact prescription drugs that they buy at home for 50 percent of the cost or 60 percent of the cost or 20 percent of the cost.  It is about ending the absurdity of American citizens in California, Texas, Arizona, and the southern parts of our country of having to go to Mexico for the same exact reason.  It is about allowing women in the United States who are fighting for their lives against breast cancer so they do not have to pay 10 times more than the women in Canada for Tamoxifen, a widely prescribed breast cancer drug.  It is about telling the drug companies that they can no longer charge the American people $1 for drugs when those same exact products are sold in Germany for 60 cents, France for 51 cents, and Italy for 49 cents, the same exact products made by the same exact companies.  Mr. Chairman, for decades now, good people, Democrats, Republicans, in the House and in the Senate, have attempted to do something about lowering the cost of prescription drugs in this country so that the American people do not have to pay outrageously high prices for their medicine, so that doctors do not have to write out prescriptions knowing that their patients cannot afford to fill them. But year after year with lies, with scare tactics, with well-paid lobbyists and massive amounts of campaign contributions the pharmaceutical industry always wins. They never lose.  In the last three years alone the drug companies have spent $200 million in campaign contributions, lobbying and political advertising. In the last election cycle they doubled the amount of campaign contributions from 9 million to $18 million, and I have no doubt that they are prepared to double it again.  The issue today is not only the high cost of prescription drugs. The issue today is whether the Congress has the guts to stand up for their constituents, people who are being ripped off, people who are dying and suffering because they cannot afford sky-high prescription drug prices; or do we cave in again to the pharmaceutical industry that is spending so much money trying to buy our votes.  The pharmaceutical industry has endless amounts of money. Year after year the industry sits at the top of the charts in profits. The top 10 companies last year made $27 billion in profits. They have a lot of money to spend on Congress. Their top executives, well, they have a lot of money to spend too.  A report came out yesterday from Families U.S.A., which talked about the compensation of executives in the pharmaceutical industry.  At a time when Americans die and suffer because they cannot afford prescription drugs, you might be interested to know that the CEO of Bristol-Myers Squibb has unexercised stock options of over $227 million. Elderly people cannot afford prescription drugs, and this CEO has unexercised stock options of over $227 million. Pfizer has $130 million in unexercised stock options. Merck has $180 million, and on and on it goes.  Mr. Chairman, today in a tripartisan amendment, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley), the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher), the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Paul), and I are offering an amendment that is exactly the same as the Crowley amendment that won overwhelmingly in the House last year by a vote of 363 to 12.  As was the case last year, this amendment will serve as a place-holder that will allow the Senate and conference committees to address the pricing loopholes contained in last year's bill.  Mr. Chairman, a lot of people here talk about free trade. In a globalized economy where we import millions of tons of beef, pork, vegetables, and all kinds of food products from virtually every country on earth, it is high time that we end the monopoly that the drug companies have on the importation and reimportation of prescription drugs in this country.  Prescription drug distributors and pharmacists should be able to purchase and sell FDA safety-approved medicines at the same prices as they are bought and sold in Canada, England, and every other major country. The passage of reimportation could lower the cost of medicine in this country by 30 to 50 percent and enable Americans to pay the same prices as other people throughout the world. In a Nation which spends $150 billion a year on prescription drugs, lowering the cost by a conservative 30 percent could result in a $45 billion-a-year savings.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  