 We should ask ourselves why, when we look, for example, at Fox Television, owned by the right-wing billionaire Rupert Murdoch, he is making a huge effort to get into the Chinese market. He is very clear. He has said it and his family has said it, that they do not want to disturb the Chinese government and they do not want to raise these types of issues.  General Electric, which owns NBC, has significant investments in China. Westinghouse, Disney, et cetera, et cetera, many of the major multinationals who own the media in the United States, are also investing in China. The last thing they want to see is the Congress rethink its trade agreements with China.  I think not only on that issue but on the issue of media in general, the American people should do a whole lot of hard thinking as to why we hear what we hear and why we do not hear what we do not hear. I would say that the example of coverage regarding China is a perfect example about the biases of corporate media in terms of what we hear.  I would also like to touch on an issue regarding the media and what is going on in our economy. When we do hear the media for the last 10 years, what we have been hearing over and over again is a drumbeat which says, ``The economy is booming; America, you have never had it so good,'' over and over.  I go back to Vermont. I hold many town meetings around the State. What I invariably do is say, ``I just read in the newspaper or saw on TV that the economy is booming. You have never had it so good. Please raise your hand if you think that is true.''  I do remember at a meeting of several hundred farmers, one guy did raise his hand. He thought the economy was going very well. Overwhelmingly, the vast majority of the people understand the reality of their lives; that is, that in many instances the middle class is working longer hours for lower wages.  Yes, the economy is booming for all of the people who are millionaires and billionaires. In fact, they have never had it so good. But if one is in the middle class, then what one runs into is that, everything being equal, we are now working a lot more hours than we used to.  If there is a family member who would prefer to stay home with the kids and raise the kids in the house, increasingly that is becoming impossible because families now need two breadwinners in order to pay the bills.  There was a study that came out I think from the International Labor Organization several years ago in which the United States claimed the very dubious distinction of having surpassed Japan for now working longer hours than the workers of any other major country on Earth.  So it seems to me that if real wages have declined, if people are working longer and longer hours, in my State of Vermont it is not uncommon not only for people to work two jobs, sometimes they work three jobs, and often these are part-time jobs, jobs without benefits.  We have 43 million Americans who have no health insurance, tens of millions of Americans who are underinsured. We have families going deeply into debt in order to figure out how they can pay for their kids' college education. We have elderly people who are not eating adequately because they have to pay the exorbitant prices that the drug companies are demanding from us for prescription drugs. On and on it goes.  I want to know, in the midst of all of that context, where the richest 1 percent of the population owns more wealth than the bottom 99 percent, where the CEOs of major corporations now earn 500 times what their employees earn, in the midst of all that, how can the media continue to talk about the booming economy?  Let us look at reality here and what is happening to the middle class in this country.  I yield to the gentleman from Oregon.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Just to follow up on that, Mr. Speaker, the point about the extraordinary, galloping increase in CEO salaries, whether or not the corporations are profitable, and absent the whole dot.com craziness, the gentleman is right, it is more than 500 times the average line worker's salary, up from a mere 20 years ago, when it was 27 times the average line worker's salary.  Just to break that down, in 365 days in a year, though people do not work that many days, say 220, basically a CEO earns more in one-half of one day than their line workers who work day in and day out 50 weeks a year, 40 hours a week. Something is a little bit wrong with that equation, the people who are producing the wealth.  What is the answer we get? We hear a lot of talk about the so-called surplus here in Washington, D.C., which is based upon some pretty funny budget estimates. I fear that we will be like Texas. Two years ago the legislature cut taxes twice at the behest of then Governor Bush in Texas. Now they are down there saying, hey, what were we thinking? What were we smoking? They have a $700 million deficit, and they are going to raise taxes.  This group here, should they jam through these tax cuts, particularly these tax cuts so heavily tilted towards the people who earn over $373,000 a year, and 43 percent of the benefits go to people who earn over that, will be in a very similar situation.  The programs for everybody else, student loans for their kids, prescription drug benefits for seniors, the Coast Guard, I had the Coast Guard come in and they said, we have to cut patrols 20 percent. The Corps of Engineers are saying, we are cutting back on flood controls. I asked, are they not part of the Bush administration? Do we not have a surplus? How come they were telling me about the cuts they are going to make?  Those were the orders from the White House: cut, cut, cut. Programs that serve the American people are being cut. Then the big bonus goes to this tiny fraction of people at the top. The American people are supposed to be happy with the crumbs they get at the table.  We cannot replace for $400 a year the cuts in Pell grants, the cuts in services to one's parents or oneself in Medicare; or when we are out there and the boat sinks and the Coast Guard says, ``Well, sorry, we had to cut back 20 percent of the patrols because the budget is tight because we had to have the tax cuts for the wealthy,'' and by the way, they have crews and lifeboats on their yachts, and so we are out there in our dingy boat and we sink, that is too bad.  