 Chairman, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the cosponsor of this legislation and a real fighter in terms of lowering the price of prescription drugs.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Sanders-Crowley-Rohrabacher-DeLauro-Paul amendment to help American families and seniors get the necessary prescription drugs at affordable prices. With spending on prescription drugs by seniors and others up by 18 percent last year to nearly $21 billion, we need to do everything that we can to make them safe, effective, and affordable, make these drugs accessible to those who need them.  One would think that this is a goal that we could rally around. But no, once again, we are being fought by the pharmaceutical industry. They oppose reimportation. That poses the question: What exactly are they for?  They are against the Medicare prescription drug benefit for all seniors. They are opposed to the Allen bill that would allow for pharmacists to be able to purchase at a discounted rate, the pharmaceuticals that Germany, France, Britain, and others can purchase. They are against across-the-board price reductions. They never tell us what they are for.  In fact, the only thing they seem to be for is extending their patents and seeing their profits increase.  Last year, the top 10 pharmaceutical companies earned $26 billion in profits. They oppose this amendment because the bill might cut into its considerable profit margin. They are waging a massive million dollar campaign to protect their agenda across the board. Over the past five election cycles, the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers Association, the trade group for brand-name drug companies, gave nearly $360 million in political contributions, lobbying and advertising campaigns, to protect its legislative agenda.  Mr. Chairman, there are opponents of this amendment who raise the safety issue. The fact is that reimportation is safe. It has worked for years in Europe. Twenty-five percent of drugs consumed in European countries are reimported. This legislation requires all imported drugs to be the exact same FDA-approved medications that are sold in the United States. Pharmaceutical labels must comply with FDA regulations.  Last year, Dr. David Kessler, the former FDA Commissioner under Presidents Bush and Clinton, stated that U.S.-licensed pharmacists and wholesalers would be able to safely import quality prescription drugs. He believes the importation of prescription drugs can be done without causing a greater health risk to American consumers.  Let me just say that GlaxoWellcome is a British company. They send drugs to the United States, and they are perfectly well approved.  