 Chairman, even the New York Yankees sometimes lose, and it has been known that on occasion the Los Angeles Lakers lose a ballgame. But, Mr. Chairman, one organization never loses, and that organization has hundreds of victories to its credit and zero defeats in the United States Congress, and that is the pharmaceutical industry.  For decades now, good people in the House and Senate, Democrats and Republicans, have attempted to do something about lowering the cost of prescription drugs in this country so that Americans do not have to pay by far the highest prices in the world for the medicine they need. And year after year with lies, distortions, well-paidlobbyists, massive amounts of advertising, and millions in campaign contributions, the pharmaceutical industry always wins. Americans die and suffer because they cannot afford the outrageous cost of prescription drugs, and we remain the only country in the industrialized world that does not in one way or another regulate the cost of prescription drugs.  As part of this bill, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley), the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Paul) and I will be introducing an amendment which is exactly the same as the Crowley amendment that 363 Members of this House voted for last year. This amendment will serve as a placeholder so we can move the reimportation bill forward that was passed overwhelmingly last year, but was not implemented.  In a globalized economy, prescription drug distributors and pharmacists should be able to purchase and sell FDA safety-approved medicines at the same prices as in other countries. The passage of reimportation will lower the cost of medicine by 30 to 50 percent and enable Americans to pay the same prices as people in Canada, Europe, Mexico and all over the world.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment is supported by the Alliance for Retired Americans; the Children's Foundation; Church Women United; The Communication Workers of America; Families U.S.A.; The National Education Association; Network, a national Catholic social justice lobby; the Presbyterian Church; Public Citizen; The Service Employees International Union, SEIU; and the Universal Health Care Action Network.  Mr. Chairman, every time anyone comes up here to take on the pharmaceutical industry, their disinformation campaign goes forward; and this time in opposition to this amendment the issue is, quote/unquote, ``safety.'' Every Member here should understand that this amendment does nothing to compromise safety, it only makes it possible to move the reimportation bill that we passed last year forward.  