 Chairman, I would hope that as an act of comity, the gentleman who originally raised the point of order will withdraw it at this time so that Members who feel strongly about this issue will have a chance to debate a life and death issue for hundreds of thousands of family farmers in this country.  We understand the germaneness issue, but common courtesy would indicate that you allow many Members to come to the floor of the House and debate this issue. I do not know what my friend from Maine was going to ask the gentleman from Wisconsin, but I have the feeling that he may have asked him how many hearings were held on this issue despite the fact that 165 Members of the Congress, Democrats, Republicans, Independents, Conservatives, Progressives are fighting for this issue.  I think he might have asked the gentleman how many hearings were held when 25 States, half of the States in this country, voted to do something for their dairy farmers in supporting the dairy compact. We can argue the merits or the demerits of the dairy compact. It has worked. I am a strong proponent of it. It has helped save family farms. But the more important issue is basic fairness here on the floor of the House. How do you turn your back, especially, I might say, those who believe in devolution, those who say, let the States have power, how do you say to those 25 States who are seeing their family farmers go out of business, their rural economies suffering, how do you say to those people, you cannot even get a hearing on the floor of the House. You cannot even get a vote on the floor of the House.  If the Members are so sure of the righteousness of their our ideas, debate the ideas and bring a vote to the floor of the House.  Mr. Chairman, I would at least ask as an act of comity, may I have a dialogue with my friend who raised the point of order?  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Vermont suspend?  The gentleman will remember that the Chair controls the time on thepoint of order, and members may not engage in colloquies.  