 Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, I think most people in this country know what is going on today. At a time when the wealthiest 1 percent of the population own more wealth than the bottom 95 percent, at a time when CEOs of major corporations now earn 500 times more than their workers, at a time when the wealthiest people in large corporations flood the United States Congress with all kinds of money, Mr. Chairman, this is payback time. That is what is going on.  The gentleman from California (Mr. Doolittle), the previous speaker, made a funny remark. He said the Progressive Caucus is only providing tax relief to, I believe he said, the select few. Do my colleagues know who the select few is? It is the middle class and the working class of this country, the vast majority.  Yes, we plead guilty. We are not providing 43 percent of the tax breaks to the richest 1 percent. We are apologetic about that, but we think the middle class, the working class, the people who are working 50 and 60 hours a week, who are making $30,000, $40,000 a year, need the help and not the millionaires and the billionaires.  The issue that I want to focus on and urge people to vote for the Progressive Caucus budget on is prescription drugs. The Progressive Caucus says it is absurd that, at a time when the pharmaceutical industry is enjoying record-breaking profits, that the American people have to pay by far the highest prices in the industrialized world for prescription drugs.  We say that every American senior citizen is entitled to prescription drugs because they are a citizen in this country and because they are on Medicare, and no senior should pay more than 20 percent out-of-pocket for their prescription drugs.  We do this in a number of ways, but one of them is by doing away with the loopholes in last year's reimportation bill. We say that, if people in Europe can pay 30 or 40 or 50 percent for the same exact prescription drug that our people are paying for, then prescription drug distributors and pharmacists should be able to bring that drug into this country and sell it to the American people for the same price.  