 Chairman, this is a noncontroversial amendment that I believe is going to be accepted by the majority and the minority.  Because, Mr. Chairman, we live in a world in which hundreds of millions of children work at child labor, in some cases in horrendous conditions and in some cases as indentured servants, without any freedom at all, several years ago we passed legislation here that prohibits the importation of products into this country made by children who are indentured servants.  This amendment strengthens that legislation by saying that if the Customs Service detains that product because they believe it is made by children who are indentured servants, it should not be released into the general public. Occasionally that happens now, and this amendment would put an end to that.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment deals with one of the most disgraceful and embarrassing aspects of our global economy: child labor.  Mr. Chairman, it is an outrage that American workers must compete for jobs with as many as 250 million defenseless children working around the world today without any hope of ever seeing the inside of a classroom. Children's rights groups estimate that the United States imports more than $100 million in goods each year which are produced by bonded and indentured children.  Especially outrageous is the plight of millions of child laborers, some as young as 4 years old, who are sold into virtual slavery and chained to looms for 14 hour days knotting the oriental rugs that grace the foyers and living rooms of countless homes and offices all across the country.  Exploited children toil in factories, mines, fields, at looms, and even brothels, sacrificing their youth, health, and innocence for little or no wages.  They are hand stitching the soccer balls that our kids play with every day. They are stitching blouses and slacks made in China and sold in Wal-Mart. They are even sharpening the surgical instruments used in our hospital operating rooms.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment will help end this disgrace. Specifically, it would prohibit the importation of goods on which the U.S. Customs Service has issued a detention order because of the use of forced or indentured child labor. I believe that this amendment would provide real teeth to the Indentured Child Labor Import Ban that was first signed into law as part of the Fiscal Year 1998 Treasury-Postal Appropriations bill.  Currently, if the Customs Service finds information that reasonably indicates that imported merchandise has been produced with forced or indentured child labor, Customs may issue a detention order on these goods. However, these goods may still be exported into the United States unless the Customs Service issues a finding banning the importation of these goods into the United States.  Mr. Chairman, according to the Customs' website, the U.S. Customs Service has 24 outstanding detention orders on forced and indentured child labor dated as far back as October 3, 1991, but has only issued 6 findings banning the importation of these goods into the United States. At the very least, Congress should ban the importation of goods on which Customs has reasonable evidence that were made by forced or child labor.  According to 60 Minutes II, the U.S. Customs Service used the present law to curb the flow of hand-rolled, unfiltered cigarettes (known as ``bidis'') produced by indentured child labor in India. In India alone, there are approximately 50 million children working in factories or fields for little or no pay. Bidis are an especially insidious product. They are made by children in India, and are purchased by children in the United States. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 40 percent of American adolescents between seventh and 12th grade have tried them. These cigarettes are popular among American youth because they are sweetened with flavors such as chocolate, strawberry, licorice, mango, and even bubble gum, giving the impression that bidis are less dangerous than other cigarettes. To the contrary, bidis contain five times more tar and contain higher levels of nicotine than regular cigarettes. Unfortunately, even though Customs issued a detention order on one bidi manufacturer in India, bidis are still getting into the U.S., and the bidi industry is now a $1.5 billion industry. This amendment would help get rid of bidis in the United States.  The issue of the exploitation of child labor is not only a moral issue but it is an economic issue that is having profound impact on American workers. As consumers, we should not be purchasing products made by children who are held in virtual slavery--children who can not go to school, children who work horrendous hours each week, children who are beaten when they perform poorly on the job and children who are often permanently maimed when they attempt to escape from their slavery. But, equally important, we should not continue a trade policy which forces American workers to compete against desperate and impoverished people in countries such as China and Mexico who earn as little as fifteen or twenty cents an hour--whether those workers are children or adults.  We know how bonded child workers are bought and sold like cattle. We know about the horrendous working conditions they are forced to endure. We know about the violence that meets them when they cannot work hard enough to satisfy their masters or when they try to escape their slavery. As we begin the 21st century, we must make a firm commitment to eradicate child labor throughout the world. Please vote ``yes'' on this amendment.  