 Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Let me make my concluding remarks. Let me pick up on the point that the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) made.  Those of us who come from rural America and those of us who know family farms are touched emotionally by this issue. So for those people who are not from farm areas, they may not understand the passion involved in this discussion. We know that our farmers are some of the very best people in our States. They love the land. They protect the environment. They work, in some cases, seven days a week. In my State we have many farmers who make 15, 20, $25,000 a year working 60 or 70 hours a week. What their dream is is to leave the land that they inherited from their parents to their kids.  When I drive around the State of Vermont, I never cease to get a very positive feeling and a wonderful feeling when I go through the rural areas of my State, which are so beautiful, and I am sure that that feeling is matched by those in other States who also appreciate what their farmers are doing.  Mr. Chairman, we are up against the wall. For years we have been talking about how we protect the family farm, not only in dairy, but in every other commodity and we are losing. The best people in our country are being forced off the land because they cannot live on the paltry amounts of money that they are getting for their commodities, be it milk or any other commodity.  What is happening in dairy is happening in industry after industry. The little people are being driven off of the land and industry is being consolidated and the big get bigger and they control the industry. We are seeing in the New England area some processes who now control 80 percent of the purchase of milk and that is true in other regions of country.  Our friends from Wisconsin say they are losing four farms a day. How much time do we have to continue the debate? I agree with what the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) said. This is not a perfect amendment. It needs more work. But let us come together let us make it a better bill so that it works better for South or the West or the Midwest or the Northeast. We can do this.  Mr. Chairman, I believe there is support in the Senate for this concept. Let us not say, no, no, no, it is not perfect. It is not perfect that our farmers are being driven off the land. Let us draw the line and try to do something. This is a good-faith effort to bring people together to save some of the best people in our country. I would hope that this body could support this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  