 Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this bill. At a time when this country is wasting a huge amount of fuel and electricity, this bill provides $34 billion dollars in subsidies and tax breaks for the big oil, coal, gas and nuclear companies to drill for more oil and gas and to produce more and more energy. These companies are making record breaking profits by gouging consumers, destroying our environment and threatening our health. Can anyone tell me why we need to give more corporate welfare to Exxon-Mobil, the most profitable company in the history of the world with a net income of $17.7 billion, while providing little more than lip service to energy efficiency and renewable energy and absolutely no relief to middle income Americans struggling to pay their energy bills? Mr. Chairman, this is outrageous. We simply cannot drill our way out of this mess.  At a time when emissions from dirty coal-fired power plants produce acid rain and carbon dioxide that threatens our global climate and our health; at a time when scientists throughout the world believe that we have an enormous amount of work to do to combat the danger of global warming; at a time when wind energy is the world's fastest growing source of energy and when the price of solar energy has been coming down in recent years due to better technology, I find it outrageous that the best we can do is to study whether our country can get to 5 percent renewable in the next 15 years.  Mr. Chairman, we don't need a study on renewable energy, the studies have already been done. The technology is already there. What we need is a firm commitment. I tried to offer an amendment to require that 20 percent of our nation's electricity come from renewable sources of energy such as wind, solar, and biomass by 2020. Unfortunately, the Rule Committee denied the opportunity for debate on this amendment.  While renewable, non-polluting wind power has been the world's fastest growing energy source in recent years, wind energy contributes less than I percent of the national supply of electricity in the United States, and renewable energy only 1 percent. We can and must do better.  The growing dependency on imported oil is dangerous not only to our economy but also to our national security. We must attack this problem by increasing our use of renewable sources of energy such as wind, solar and biomass, but his bill does not get this done.  Mr. Chairman, the price gap between fossil fuels and renewable energy has narrowed. For example, the price of natural gas has more than doubled in the past year, while the cost of wind energy has dropped more than 80 percent in the past two decades.  Mr. Chairman, they are doing it in Denmark, they are doing it in Northern Germany, and they are doing it in Northern Spain. 13 percent of Danish electricity consumption is covered by wind right now. In Northern Germany and in Northern Spain the figure is 20 percent.  Danish companies have supplied more than half the wind turbines now in use worldwide, making it one of the country's largest exports and employing more than 12,000 people. Germany has 6,113 megawatts worth of wind turbine, which meets 2.5 percent of the country's total electricity demand. Spain, the fastest-growing market for the past 3 years, now has almost as much wind capacity as the entire U.S.  Right now we have the opportunity to set an energy course that saves money, restores our environmental health, and enhances both the competitiveness of our economy and our national security. There is no question that the U.S. has the technology and the resources to move us away from our reliance on fossil fuels and towards renewable, non-polluting sources of energy. Unfortunately, this bill does not get the job done. I urge my colleagues to defeat H.R. 4.