President, I rise today in support of the fiscal year 2005 National Defense Authorization Act. As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I especially commend the able leadership of our chairman, Senator John Warner. Under his leadership and that of the distinguished ranking member, Senator Levin, the Senate Armed Services Committee has delivered to the full Senate a vital piece of legislation for our security now and in the years to come.  This legislation provides vital resources for the men and women in our military, resources they require in defending our Nation and in carrying out the operations overseas.  I am proud that the legislation before us builds on the efforts we have made in previous years to ensure that our troops are the best paid, the best trained, and best equipped in the world. It includes, for example, a 3.5-percent across-the-board pay raise for military personnel. It authorizes the permanent increase in the rate of family separation allowances from $100 per month to $250 per month. It also authorizes a permanent increase in the rate of special pay for duties subject to hostile fire or imminent danger from $150 per month to $225 per month. These provisions, in a small way, help to recognize the sacrifices of those who are deployed in Afghanistan and Iraq.  One of the greatest obligations we have is to provide the best protection possible to our troops who are being sent into harm's way. Therefore, the committee added $425 million for additional force protection equipment, such as up-armored Humvees, ballistic equipment kits to fortify Humvees, and combat clothing for service members, such as body armor.  With 60 percent of its National Guard personnel deployed, Maine has the second highest deployed ratio in the Nation. There is only one other State that has deployed more of its National Guard than the State of Maine. I am very grateful for the service of our Guard and Reserve members, but I am also very concerned about the heavy burden we are imposing on our Guard members and reservists, their families, and their employers.  Many of my colleagues know of the experience, for example, of one of the military police companies from Maine which was on its way home on Easter weekend when it received orders to extend its deployment and return to Kuwait and Iraq. This news was demoralizing for some of the soldiers in this unit who had already been in Iraq for more than a year, and it was devastating to the family members who were ready to welcome them home on Easter Sunday.  Thankfully, this bill begins to address the many significant contributions and sacrifices being made by our guardsmen and reservists in the global war on terrorism. It authorizes a new benefit option under the military health care program known as TRICARE.  TRICARE Reserve Select would be offered for the first time to members of the selected Reserve and Guard and their families who could participate in TRICARE for a premium. It authorizes more than $400 million above the President's budget request for enhanced health benefits for reservists, which will improve mobilization readiness and ensure the continuity of health care services.  The legislation focuses on other areas in need of reform as well. Earlier this year, the committee held a hearing on sexual assaults in the military. We heard very disturbing testimony about sexual assaults and the inadequate response to victims. This legislation directs the Secretary of Defense to develop a comprehensive policy and procedures for the prevention of and response to incidents of sexual assault involving military members.  As a member of the Seapower Subcommittee under the able chairmanship of Senator Jim Talent, I am particularly pleased that this authorization bill provides significant funding for our naval forces. We continue to marvel at the capabilities and the commitment of our Navy. At the start of Operation Iraqi Freedom, for example, 70 percent of our surface fleet and 50 percent of our submarine fleet were deployed in Iraq, the highest deployment rate since World War II.  This Defense authorization includes $6.7 billion for the procurement of seven ships. These include three DDG-51 Arleigh Burke class destroyers, two of which will be constructed at the famous Bath Iron Works in Maine. While this shipbuilding budget represents considerable progress, I want to note for my colleagues that we need to be vigilant about the number of ships we are building to ensure that our fleet can meet our national security requirements.  Our Navy now has fewer than 300 ships, and the current rate of production, unfortunately, will not allow that number to increase. This could place our shipbuilding industrial base at risk. To avoid that unacceptable outcome, the Senate Armed Services Committee added report language at my request that directs the Navy to take all actions necessary to ensure the viability of the second shipyard--that is Bath Iron Works--in order to maintain a healthy and competitive industrial base.  We have a responsibility to ensure that our Navy is well prepared to fight today and tomorrow. Part of that involves designing and developing the next generation of ships. The last three destroyers of the Arleigh Burke class are funded in this fiscal year 2005 Defense authorization. They will be followed by a new class of destroyers, a destroyer designed to meet the challenges of the 21st century, the DDX. One of the two builders of the DDX, I am proud to say, is Bath Iron Works in the State of Maine.  I am pleased to state to the distinguished Presiding Officer, my colleagues, the citizens of Maine, and the fine employees of Bath Iron Works that this bill represents important progress in securing the future of our Navy and the future of Bath Iron Works. It will help to preserve America's proud maritime tradition and our shipbuilding industrial base.  I have been extremely concerned about the fiscal year 2006 gap in the production of surface combatants in the administration's proposed budget. If permitted, this would be the first time in 20 years that no surface combatant would be built.  Moreover, the Navy's analysis of the impact on the industrial base indicates that if the DDX schedule were to slip, the shipyard that is scheduled to build the follow ship--in this case Bath Iron Works--could experience significant workload issues.  Fortunately, there is good news in this bill. I have worked very hard with my colleagues on the Armed Services Committee in an effort to maintain some stability in the shipbuilding industrial base. At my request, the committee added $99.4 million to begin the construction of a second DDX to be built in Bath in fiscal year 2006, thus accelerating the start of construction by 1 year and helping to partially fill that very dangerous gap in our shipbuilding budget. This funding will help to ensure a more stable workload for Bath Iron Works and, thus, to preserve the skilled workers essential to our national security.  We only have two shipyards left that now build surface combatant ships. We need to make sure that we sustain the highly skilled workforce in both of those yards so that we have a competitive environment for the Navy.  This bill has a number of other very important provisions for new weapon platforms and systems. It also recognizes that our Nation cannot maintain its technological superiority over potential adversaries without investing in emerging capabilities.  The legislation authorizes $11 billion for the Defense Science and Technology Program, including an additional $450 million for transformational basic and applied research activities, bringing the Department closer to its goal of investing 3 percent of its budget in such programs.  Finally, I am also very pleased that this legislation includes provisions that I authored allocating $3 million to establish a U.S. Army Center of Excellence at the University of Maine. I know from my conversations with Army officials and generals that they are very excited about the possibility of a Center on Advanced Structures and Composites in construction. The center will focus on addressing the Army's needs in fundamental and applied research related to the use of advanced composite materials and structures.  These are a few of the reasons why this Senate should strongly support the fiscal year 2005 National Defense Authorization Act.  I again want to commend the chairman and ranking member of the committee for their hard work, working with all of us on the committee, as well as with the administration and one another, in bringing forward this vital legislation.  I yield the floor.  