This legislation would extend the additional payment for home health services delivered in rural areas. This additional 5 percent reimbursement is currently scheduled to sunset on April 1, 2005. This legislation would make the additional reimbursement permanent.  I note the presence of one of the strongest advocates of home health care, and that is my colleague from Missouri, Senator Bond. He has worked tirelessly to make certain that our seniors and disabled citizens are able to receive the home health care they need. I am very pleased to have him as one of the key supporters of this legislation.  Home health care has become an increasingly important part of our health care system. The kinds of highly skilled and often technically complex services that our home health caregivers provide have enabled millions of our most frail and vulnerable older and disabled citizens to avoid hospitals and nursing homes and to receive health care just where they want to be--in the comfort, privacy, and security of their own homes.  I have had the great honor of accompanying several of Maine's caring home health nurses on their visits to serve their patients. I have seen firsthand the difference that they are making for Maine's elderly. I remember visiting one elderly couple who told me that it was home health care that allowed them to stay together in their very own home, rather than being separated with one of them being forced to go into a nursing home in the remaining years of their life. Another woman told me that her late husband received home health care in the months leading up to his death. That had allowed him to be treated at home and to be with his family, which is where he very much wanted to be.  Nevertheless, surveys have shown that the delivery of home health services in rural areas can be as much as 12 to 15 percent more costly because of the extra travel time required to cover long distances between patients, the higher transportation expenses, and other factors. Because of the longer travel times, rural caregivers are unable to make as many visits in a day as their urban counterparts. The executive director of Visiting Nurses of Aroostook in northern Maine where I am from tells me that her agency covers 6,600 square miles with a population of only 73,000 people. Her costs are understandably much higher than other agencies due to the long distances her staff must drive to see their clients. Moreover, her staff is obviously not able to see as many patients in a day.  Agencies in rural areas are also frequently smaller than their urban counterparts, which means that their relative costs are higher. Smaller agencies with fewer patients and fewer visits mean that fixed costs, particularly those associated with meeting regulatory requirements, are spread over a much smaller number of patients and visits, thus increasing overall the per-patient and per-visit costs. Moreover, in many rural areas, home health agencies are the primary caregivers for homebound beneficiaries with limited access to transportation. These rural patients often require more time and care than urban patients and are understandably more expensive for home health agencies to serve. If the rural extra payment is not extended, agencies may be forced to make decisionsnot to accept patients living in remote areas who have greater care needs. That would translate into less access to health care for ill homebound seniors.  Failure to extend the rural add-on payment will only put more pressure on rural home health agencies that are already operating on very narrow margins. It could force some of these agencies to close their doors altogether. Many home health agencies operating in rural areas are the only home health providers in large geographic areas. If any of these agencies is forced to close, the Medicare patients in that region could lose all their access to home health care.  The bipartisan legislation I am introducing today, with Senators Lincoln, Bond, Feingold, Thomas, Conrad, and Burns, will help to ensure that Medicare patients in rural areas continue to have access to the home health services they very much need. I urge all of our colleagues to join us as cosponsors. We must act to ensure that this extra payment does not expire next April 1.  I yield the floor.  