I am very grateful to have his support for the underlying bill drafted by Senator Lieberman and myself. And I very much appreciate his offering of the first amendment to strengthen the bill still further, by adding one of the recommendations made by the 9/11 Commission.  As the Senator indicated, the Governmental Affairs Committee largely confined its review to the major recommendations of the Commission that had to do with the reorganization of our intelligence community. That does not mean, however, that we slight in any way the many other recommendations made by the Commission. The amendment of the Senator from Arizona would implement the transportation security recommendations of the 9/11 Commission.  It is my understanding the Senator's amendment was drafted in consultation with officials from the Department of Homeland Security. I believe it will help make our Nation more secure. Specifically, the 9/11 Commission recommended establishing a national strategy for transportation security, assigning responsibility for the no-fly list to the Transportation Security Administration, and enhancing passenger and cargo screening.  The amendment offered by the Senator will require the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security to develop and implement a national strategy for transportation security and to revise and update that strategy as necessary to improve or maintain its currency.  I particularly want to comment on the provisions of the McCain amendment that task the TSA with the responsibility of developing the no-fly list and comparing the names of air passengers against the Government database containing the consolidated terrorist watch list.  I think recent incidents in the news show why it is a good idea for the Transportation Security Administration to have that authority rather than vesting it in the airlines, as is now the case. I would indicate to my colleagues that the Department of Homeland Security agrees with Senator McCain that it is the more appropriate entity to perform this matching of names against the Government's database.  Two incidents which come to mind are, first, one of our colleagues, the senior Senator from Massachusetts, finding that he had difficulty boarding flights because of confusion with the names listed on the terrorist database. I have a similar case of a retired physician in Camden, ME, whose name, unfortunately, including his middle initial, is very similar to a name that is on the terrorist watch list. As a result, this retired physician, who is no more a terrorist than you or I, Madam President, has an extremely difficult time every single time he flies. That shows me that we need to do a far better job of improving the quality of that watch list to make sure it is consolidated but also to make sure it is accurate and that people who have similar names are not needlessly subjected to an in-depth search or even denied boarding privileges altogether.  The second incident involves the singer formerly known as Cat Stevens, who was allowed to board an air flight from London to the United States recently because the airline was using a list that did not include all of the names on the terrorist watch list. So clearly we have a problem in that direction as well. There are too many watch lists. They need to be consolidated.  The quality of information on those lists needs to be improved to make sure innocent Americans are not needlessly targeted, and it should be a Government responsibility--that of the Transportation Security Administration--to maintain and check these databases against the lists of airline passengers. It is really not fair to ask the airlines to accept that responsibility, particularly when they may not have access to the entire database that the Government has compiled.  The McCain amendment appropriately vests in the Transportation Security Administration the responsibility for the no-fly list and for checking airline passengers against this list. I again emphasize that the Department of Homeland Security agrees that TSA should assume that responsibility and it should no longer be carried out by the airlines.  For these reasons, I urge adoption of the McCain amendment. I believe it strengthens the Collins-Lieberman bill by incorporating some worthwhile and commonsense recommendations made by the 9/11 Commission in the area of airline security.  