President, the issue before us is really very straightforward. Do we want to reorganize the Senate to consolidate jurisdiction over the Department of Homeland Security within one committee or don't we? What we should not do is to pretend we are consolidating jurisdiction in one committee, as recommended by the 9/11 Commission, and as strongly endorsed by the administration and Secretary Ridge. If we are going to consolidate authority, then let's do it. If we are going to try to address the problem of 25 different Senate committees and subcommittees having a claim on the new Department, requiring testimony from officials in the Department, if we want to continue on that route, then let us not pretend we are undergoing significant reform.  Moreover, the Secret Service has responsibilities ranging from investigations of Presidential threats to protection at major events that go to the heart of the Department of Homeland Security's mission. The Secret Service is a vital part of the mission of securing the homeland. That is why it was moved into the Department of Homeland Security, and that is why if we are going to mirror the Department, itshould be under the jurisdiction of whatever committee is given responsibility for homeland security.  There are functions of the Secret Service that clearly fit with the core mission of the Department of Homeland Security. Indeed, at a hearing shortly before passage of the legislation setting up the new Department of Homeland Security, the Director of the Secret Service testified, explaining why it was important to include the Secret Service in the new Department. He stated:       Our core philosophy mirrors that of the new Department of      Homeland Security. Like our agency, the new department will      be prepared to respond to incidents and infiltration. Our      common goal is to anticipate and prepare through robust      threat assessments and analyses of intelligence information      that is made available to us.  He also stated:       Beyond our protective responsibilities, the Secret Service      is a major contributor to other aspects of our homeland      security.  He concluded his testimony by stating:       It is clear the Department of Homeland Security will be      built on the pillars of prevention and protection. These are      the very words found throughout our strategic plan. They      define the mission and the culture of the United States      Secret Service.  I know that the Secret Service enforces certain criminal laws, and it has a good relationship with the Judiciary Committee. However, the fact is, it is part of the Department of Homeland Security. If we are going to have a committee responsible for the Department of Homeland Security, we should do that. We should not exclude key agencies. Otherwise, we are defeating the whole purpose of creating new jurisdiction and trying to consolidate oversight and responsibility for the Department of Homeland Security.  I yield the floor.  