President, first, I thank the distinguished chairman and ranking member of the Armed Services Committee for working so closely with Mr. Lieberman and me on this very important issue to set forth a process for determining what intelligence assets belong in the NIP, the national intelligence program, versus the joint military intelligence program and the tactical program.  The Collins-Lieberman bill gives the national intelligence director strong budgetary authority over the national intelligence program. Senator Lieberman and I envision that his program will be composed of the intelligence assets that serve national purposes, meaning those that pertain to the interests of more than one department.  In the long run, I strongly believe the budgets for the National Security Agency, the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, and the National Reconnaissance Office should be wholly within the national intelligence program.  Currently, these agencies have split budgets, and the heads of these agencies tell us that leads to a great deal of administrative inefficiency. Now, it is possible that some intelligence assets from the Department of Defense's Joint Military Intelligence Program may ultimately be moved to the national intelligence program, but, of course, military intelligence assets that principally serve joint or tactical military needs should stay within the Department of Defense, and I think the language is very clear on this point.  Through this amendment, we have tried to address concerns that both Senators have raised. I think the compromise language does address and alleviate those concerns. The reviews that are underway will help us better define the parts of the intelligence budget that will be completed within 1 year after the effective date, in one case 60 days, in the case that Senator Levin is concerned with the three activities in the Defense Intelligence Agency.  The reviews mandated in this compromise amendment will provide a rational process for determining which assets belong in the national intelligence program and which do not. I very much appreciate the cooperation of our colleagues, and I do urge adoption of the amendment.  