President, I rise today with my good friend, Senator Carper, to offer an amendment that will help the Governmental Affairs Committee--GAC, which I chair, report out legislation reforming the United States Postal Service.  The Postal Service is the linchpin of a $900 billion industry that employs nine million Americans in fields as diverse as direct mailing, printing, catalog production, publishing, and paper manufacturing. The health of the Postal Service is essential to thousands of companies and the millions that they employ. It is vital that we in Congress, the Postal Service, its employees, and the mailing industry work together to save and strengthen this institution on which so many Americans rely.  What many people do not realize is that the Postal Service cannot survive without fundamental reform. Last month, Comptroller General David Walker wrote to me to urge comprehensive--not incremental--reform to ensure the USPS' future viability. In a letter to me, he stressed that ``comprehensive postal reform is urgently needed'' and noted that the Postal Service's current business model ``is not well aligned with 21st century realities.'' If anything, David Walker is understating the point.  The Postal Service is faced with enormous debts. It owes $6.5 billion in debt to the U.S. Treasury and its long-term liabilities include nearly $7 billion for Workers' Compensation claims, $5 billion for retirement costs, and as much as $45 billion to cover retiree health care costs. The fact is, if the Postal Service no longer provided universal service at affordable rates, no private company could step in and fill the void. The economies simply would not work.  That is why the Governmental Affairs Committee has embarked on a deliberative effort to produce and report out legislation reforming the United States Postal Service. We have held sixhearings to date, and we are not yet finished. Once we have heard from all interested parties and gathered and analyzed as much information as possible, Senator Carper and I plan to introduce reform legislation. This amendment will help us move our bill toward enactment.  Our amendment sets up a deficit-neutral reserve fund to accommodate postal reform. Under the terms of the amendment, if the Governmental Affairs Committee reports out a postal reform bill that is fully offset, then the Budget Committee chairman can allocate to GAC the direct spending authority we would need to bring our bill to the floor without it being subject to a budget act point of order. It is my intent to seek only offsets for our bill that enjoy a broad, bipartisan consensus of our committee. Our amendment would permit the bill to offset direct spending increases with parallel revenue increases--say, by closing abusive tax loopholes--which is an avenue I plan to explore further. Of course, if a suitable offset cannot be found, it would be my intent to move forward nonetheless.  I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment.  