President, of all the testimony presented to the Committee on Governmental Affairs during our eight hearings on the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission perhaps none was more powerful than that of Mary Fetchet. Her son, Brad, died in the World Trade Center on September 11. Here are a few of her words.  She said:       When American lives are at stake, indifference or inertia      is unacceptable. When critical reforms are implemented to      make our country safer, I will know that neither Brad's life      nor the lives of nearly 3,000 others who perished on      September 11 were lost in vain.  Throughout this debate it has been the families of the victims of 9/11 who have reminded us of why we are here and why these reforms are so important.  In passing the National Intelligence Reform Act of 2004--as I believe we will later this afternoon--the Senate will reject indifference and inertia. We will endure critical reforms to make our country safer. We will declare that the lives lost to terrorism were not lost in vain. The action we take in their memory will benefit people of good will in this country and throughout the world today and for many years to come.  This legislation will make the most sweeping changes in our intelligence structures in more than 50 years. It is the result of enormous effort. The issues are complex and many. The timetable was tight, but the stakes were so high and the times so dangerous that we simply could not delay this urgent task. Now we are on the threshold of getting the job done and getting it done right.  I am deeply grateful to my good friend Senator Lieberman. This legislation would not have been possible without his tireless effort and his bipartisan spirit. From the moment we were first assigned the task of developing this legislation on July 22nd, our fellow members of the Governmental Affairs Committee dug in with energy and intellect. I am grateful to the Presiding Officer as one of the committeemembers for his contributions. It was an August recess we will never forget.  We are very grateful to the leaders of the Senate. Senator Frist and Senator Daschle had the confidence in our committee that they felt they could charge us with this enormous and critical undertaking.  Our whips, Senator Reid and Senator McConnell, have also been very helpful. Senator Reid has been a constant presence in the Chamber throughout this debate.  We could not have accomplished all that we did without our dedicated staff, led by Michael Bopp and Joyce Rechtschaffen. We have worked so closely with them. We have worked arm in arm. They have literally worked day and night to produce this bill. I am so proud of their extraordinary efforts.  Our staffs were supplemented by hard-working detailees from the CIA, the DIA, and other agencies, as well as by members of the Commission staff who, rather than going back to their previous jobs and lives, worked with us on the committee to help give the benefit of their expertise. Without the efforts of all these staff members we never could have gotten the job done. I am very grateful to all of them.  This legislation, however, is not merely the result of months of extraordinary effort by our committee or of the expert and insightful testimony we heard from more than two dozen witnesses at eight hearings. Rather, it builds upon a rock-solid foundation laid by the 9/11 Commission and the investigation that it conducted over 20 months, including 19 days of hearings with 160 witnesses. I thank all Commission members for all of their extraordinary effort.  The need for reform in our intelligence system was not, however, suddenly revealed in hearings spurred by one catastrophic failure 3 years ago. The failures that led to that day are numerous and reach back many years. They were overlooked in terrorist attack after terrorist attack for more than a decade. The call for reform was made in studies, commission reports, and legislation going back half a century. It is a call we can no longer ignore.  Our committee was guided by clear principles. An intelligence community designed for the Cold War must be transformed into one designed to win the war against global terrorism and future national security threats. The new structure must build upon the strengths of the old and recognize the considerable improvements made since September 11.  The unique experience, expertise, and viewpoints of the 15 agencies that comprise our intelligence community are assets that must be preserved. The barriers to information sharing, cooperation, and coordination within the community, what the 9/11 Commission calls stovepipes, must be demolished. In their place must come a structure with the agility the times and the threats demand--not another layer of bureaucracy.  We were determined, in crafting this new structure, that we not infringe upon the freedoms that define us as Americans. The legislation that came out of our committee by a unanimous vote adhered to these important principles and it has been strengthened by the vigorous debate we have had in the Senate during the past week. The debate has not merely been vigorous but also highly informed. Throughout these proceedings, it has been clear the commitment that drove our committee to act is shared by the full Senate. From the authorities of the national intelligence director to the structure of our transformed intelligence community to the protection of civil liberties, many critical issues have been raised, debated, and resolved. I particularly thank the members of the Committee on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Appropriations Committee, particularly their chairs and ranking members. Their knowledge and their input have been invaluable.  Many important issues have been raised and will be resolved as this transformation continues. One of the most remarkable aspects of this debate has been the widespread recognition that intelligence reform is not a single act but an ongoing process.  The fundamental obligation of government is to protect its citizens and those protections must evolve to meet new threats. This legislation brings about much-needed reforms and it creates an environment in which this ongoing process can continue.  I began these remarks with a quote from a mother who has suffered the worst loss any parent can endure. She turned her loss into positive advocacy. It is Senator Byrd, however, who inspires me to end these remarks with a quote from the Constitution.       To form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure      domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote      the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to      ourselves and our Posterity . . .   The opening lines of our Constitution provide, in some ways, a job description of America's Government that is a miracle of clarity as well as an awesome challenge. Rarely does one piece of legislation encompass all of its elements or do we have the opportunity to do so in a way that clearly demonstrates the spirit that animates it. This is one of those rare times. Let us do what the times demand. Let us act to approve this legislation this afternoon and by doing so make our country safer.  