On page 27, starting on line 21:       (C) in accordance with procedures to be developed by the      National Intelligence Director, transfer personnel of the      intelligence community funded through the National      Intelligence Program from one element of the intelligence      community to another element of the intelligence community;  I think that language is crystal clear that the NID could, indeed, take a linguist from the counterterrorism division of the FBI and transfer that individual to the National Counterterrorism Center, or an analyst from DIA who is funded through the national intelligence program and shift that individual to the counterterrorism center. I think it is very clear.  Mr. DeWINE. I thank my colleague from Maine for answering these questions. As always, she is very eloquent and has been very thoughtful in her questions and her work on the bill. I congratulate her for the good work she has done.  Madam President, I do appreciate my colleague's answers. I will be voting in favor of the Specter amendment simply because I think it is more clear. I think it adds something to this bill. I think it makes it more specific. It is clear. When we are done with our work, then it will be up to the great bureaucracy, the men and women who are out there to defend us--and I do not use ``bureaucracy'' in a derogatory way at all; these are great people doing wonderful work out there who are defending us--it will be up to them to make this work. We have an obligation to do our best to give them something that will work and to give them the language that will allow the clearest lines of authority.  I believe if you take the Collins-Lieberman bill, which is good work, and you then add the Specter amendment, the Specter amendment makes it clearer, makes it more precise, and makes the lines of authority much easier to understand.  I believe it also will deal with a concern I have had for a long time, as we saw this reform coming, and that is my fear that we would create this new position, give them authority, and do a pretty good job, but not quite give them all the authority this person needs.  We have had the opportunity in the Intelligence Committee to listen to some of the things that have gone wrong for the last few years, and there have been a lot of things that have gone wrong. It is not only organization. It is not only line authority. It is not only the fact that the DCI did not have enough power, but that is part of it. This bill goes a ways to deal with that. I believe the Specter amendment improves it further and makes it clearer, and is the right way to go.  Somebody has to be in charge. The buck has to stop somewhere. Neveragain do we want to be in a position where it is not clear who is in charge. Never again does this country want to be in a position where the top person in intelligence doesn't have all the authority he or she needs to protect us, to protect our children, to protect our families. The Specter amendment will make it very clear where the buck stops. The buck will stop with this person whom we are now calling the NID and who is called the NID under the Collins-Lieberman bill. So I will vote in favor of the Specter amendment. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of it as well.  I yield the floor.  