President, reclaiming my right to the floor, let us look at what happens under the current system when funds are reprogrammed. I would like to quote from the acting CIA Director John McLaughlin testimony that he gave before the Senate Armed Services Committee which parallels conversations that Senator Lieberman and I had with him privately. It goes directly to this point of the need for a more agile system.  Yes, the DCI has some reprogramming authority now. But let us look at the way it works. Listen to what John McLaughlin says:       Typically you require the approval of the agency that is      surrendering the funds. Then you require the approval of the      department head who overseas the agency. Usually that is the      Secretary of Defense. Then you require the approval of OMB.      Then you require the approval of six congressional      committees. Typically that takes 5 months.  I want to repeat that. That reprogramming takes 5 months, on average.  John McLaughlin goes on to say:       So you can see that is not very agile to meet the needs of      today. My view is that the national intelligence director      ought to have the authority to move those funds.  We are facing an agile enemy, and what are we putting up against him? A system where it takes 5 months to move funds from one category to another.  I wish to address the issue of the accounts under the bill, which both Senator Byrd and Senator Dorgan have addressed. These are simply accounts that allow the NID to receive the appropriations. That is all they are. The accounts set up under our bill do not give the NID any additional authority. These are just regular Treasury accounts.  Why are they needed? They are needed because the money now is funneled through the Department of Defense.  If you are going to allow the NID to receive the appropriations from Congress from a mechanics standpoint, you have to have a mechanism whereby the Treasury Department sets up the accounts for him. That is all this is. In fact, I refer to page 24, line 12, of our legislation. These accounts are set up explicitly ``for the purpose of carrying out the responsibilities and authorities of the director under this act.''  The accounts themselves do not allow or authorize the NID to transfer funds. There is transfer authority. It is on page 27 of the bill. These authorities include a number of important safeguards.  First of all, transfers will still require congressional approval just as they do now. We are not changing the balance of power between this new position and the Congress. The transfers are subject to the applicable ceilings established in law to the appropriation ceilings. The transfers cannot be made unilaterally by the NID. They require the approval of the Director of Management and Budget.  Finally, the NID must consult with the affected agency heads, but no longer will he have to get the approval of the agency head and then the department head and then Office of Management and Budget and then Congress--that whole intricate system. We would allow consultation. Then the NID can move the money with the approval of OMB and subject to the same congressional review we have now. This is not a radical new concept. It is an essential authority. We cannot afford to have a process that takes 5 months for money to be moved from one account to another.  