  I rise as well to speak on behalf of Senator Byrd who, as we all know, is home recovering from a serious illness. The committee bill does include $39.7 million for the continued expansion of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, CBP, Advanced Training Center. The ATC, which opened back in 2005, provides advanced firearms and tactical training to CBP law enforcement personnel and personnel of other Federal agencies.  The center is expanding in phases. It is consistent with this master plan I hold in my hand. This plan actually was transmitted to Congress back in 2007 and was approved then by the Office of Management and Budget and the Department of Homeland Security.  This master plan accommodates advanced training consistent with the mission of securing our borders. CBP employees are stationed throughout the Nation at land and border crossings, at airports, at seaports, and other urban environments with a need for practical, unique, progressive, and flexible training.  There is no other training of this kind, I want my colleagues to know, and there has never been a time that it has been needed more.  Senator Byrd strongly--he wants us to know--supports the Advanced Training Center and its mission and is going to continue to fight hard for the security of this great country. Customs and Border Protection needs and deserves the advanced training facility to assure that the more than 50,000 Customs and Border Protection agents, officers, and other personnel have the training they require when they are sent in harm's way.  This facility is expected to train over 3,200 law enforcement and other employees in fiscal year 2009, and that is expected to grow to more than 5,000 each year.  I urge our colleagues to vote against that plan.  I, again, would like everyone to know we are hoping Senator Rockefeller will be back shortly. He will speak on this amendment. We are hoping to set up this amendment for a vote around 2 o'clock.  Madam President, with that, I rise to offer the Dodd-Lieberman amendment No. 1458, which I understand is at the desk.  