  These are basic rights. That is why I rise in opposition to the amendment being offered by Senator Wicker to block funding to the United Nations Population Fund.  In the developing world, ``complications from pregnancy'' is still one of the leading causes of death for women.  More than half a million women die each year--one every minute--from preventable complications of pregnancy and childbirth.  Madam President, 201 million women can not get access to safe, modern contraception even w en they want it, and 6,800 new cases of HIV occur every day.  With its mission ``to ensure that every pregnancy is wanted, every birth is safe, every young person is free of HIV/AIDS, and every girl and woman is treated with dignity and respect,'' the United Nations Population Fund is working every day to make things better.  For nearly 40 years, UNFPA has provided more than $6 billion in aid to about 150 countries for voluntary family planning and maternal and child health care.  They are helping more women survive childbirth.  They are providing contraceptives to help women plan their families and stay free of HIV/AIDS.  They are promoting access to basic services, including clean water, sanitation facilities, food, and health care for poor women and girls.  Yet Senator Wicker and other supporters of this amendment would denywomen around the world this basic care because they believe misinformation that has been spread by antichoice lobbyists who say this fund would pay for coerced abortions.  The reality is that our government already prohibits any money from being used to fund coerced abortions. And, no U.S. money goes to China.  This bill actually continues that policy.  So all Senator Wicker's amendment would do is prevent women around the world from getting access to basic health care services--services that we take for granted here in the United States.  All of us would agree that we want to see fewer abortions in the world. I certainly do not condone funding coercive abortion practices in China or anywhere else.  And I cannot accept that we would deny women life-saving care because of a dishonest lobbying campaign.  Not only is contributing to UNFPA the right thing to do--it is in our best interest.  By helping to lift families out of poverty, and slow the spread of disease, we can reduce conflicts and bring stability and hope to some of the most troubled regions in the world.  I am proud that President Obama is pledging to refund UNFPA after the previous administration consistently canceled funding for the agency.  I urge my colleagues to vote down the Wicker amendment.  So let me simply say that I believe that women around the world should have access to safe health care that will help them plan their families and stay free of diseases. These are basic rights, and that is why I oppose the amendment that is being offered by Senator Wicker to block funding to the United Nations Population Fund.  