 Mr. Speaker, the problem with the suggestion the majority leader makes is the Export-Import Bank will be out of business. If that happens, Speaker Boehner has said it is going to adversely affect jobs in America. It will adversely affect the ability of small, medium, and large businesses to sell our goods overseas by people working here in America.  The Export-Import Bank is about jobs, and to simply let it twist in the wind and let it be unauthorized simply because of inattention, when it has the majority of votes on this floor? Mr. Speaker, I have said that over and over again and have not been contradicted.  There are 60 Republicans who have sponsored the Export-Import Bank's reauthorization. There are 188 Democrats--or at least 185 Democrats who will vote for it. That is 249 votes. All you need is 218. There is no doubt that the Export-Import Bank has the votes to pass this House and the Senate, and, yet, we fiddle while jobs are being burned.  Mr. Speaker, that is not good policy for our country. It is not good policy for our workers. It is not good policy for our businesses, for our exporters. It makes us uncompetitive with the rest of the world. Sixty countries have a similar facility. I know in a perfect world perhaps that wouldn't exist. But 60 of our competitors around the world have such a facility that make their goods cheaper than we will be making ours.  That is not good sense. It is not good policy. It is not the expectation, I think, of the American people. And it is not the will of this House.  I regret that we have not addressed this already. But I certainly hope when the Senate--as I expect them to do--adds it to the House highway bill--and I am not sure whether it will be our bill or their bill or our bill amended--we may have to go to conference or we may have to get to an agreement.  But one way or the other, we ought to adopt the will of this House and reauthorize the Export-Import Bank so that we will protect jobs.  It was Speaker Boehner who said that it was shortly after we took the action we took on June 30 and allowed the Export-Import Bank to expire that we would lose jobs. In fact, that is happening. So I would hope that that would not be the case.  Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask the majority leader this: I get a lot of rumors on my side. I know you get a lot of rumors on your side. And I sort of smile at them and I say, ``I think not.''  But I have had 20 Members today ask me, Mr. Speaker, are we not going to be here the last week of July that is presently scheduled. And I would like to clear that up.  I yield to my friend for a definitive answer on the schedule for--this is a scheduling question, by the way, as to whether or not, in fact, we are going to be here the last week of July.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I smile because the only rumor I heard more of was about Taylor Swift in the Capitol the other day.  I think this is just wishful thinking of the Members. But the American people expect us to get our work done. We have a lot of work to get done. No, we will be here, as the schedule says, and we will finish it. But we will not be leaving early.  