Speaker, as we all know, the public's perception--because that is what is covered most--is the confrontation that occurs between the parties, the differences that we have. But one thing that is a reality that the public ought to feel good about is they have extraordinarily good staffers, staffers who are committed to their country, to the House, and to the American people, who do wonderful work.  Stip is a wonderful, wonderful positive participant, who made this House a better place in which to work, who made the substance of what we did more understandable for Members. He facilitated cooperation. He did not create confrontation. And we will miss it.  We wish him the best, of course, as he leaves the House of Representatives, like so many of our staffers do, who go on to do better than most of us are doing, at least from a certain perspective. I want to wish him the very, very best. I want to thank him on behalf of not only myself, because he is a good friend, but also on behalf of my staff with whom he has worked very closely over the years. I know all of them appreciated the relationship they had, and have, with him. So I want to congratulate him and wish him good luck and great success.  I yield, again, to my friend, the majority leader.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his kind words about Stip.  Let me get to the schedule.  (Mr. McCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, no votes are expected in the House on Monday.  On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Members are advised that first votes of the week are expected at 6:30 p.m.  On Wednesday, Thursday, and the remainder of the week, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today.  Mr. Speaker, the House may also consider a bill to extend certain provisions of the Tax Code.  Additionally, I expect the House to consider an omnibus appropriations bill.  