Speaker, I appreciate the majority leader's admonition, but the government was shut down because we wouldn't repeal the Affordable Care Act. In other words, the government was taken hostage because we wouldn't repeal the Affordable Care Act. We came very close, with 167 Republicans to do so, to shutting down the Department of Homeland Security. Now, Mr. McCarthy voted to keep it open, Speaker Boehner voted to keep it open, and Mr. Scalise voted to keep it open. But only 72 colleagues of theirs on the Republican side joined them.  So I do not refer to Mr. McCarthy personally, but the strategy seems to be that we won't do something that everybody in this body ought to believe needs to be done, and that is to ensure that America remains a creditworthy nation, unless we do something that, frankly, I don't think, Mr. Speaker, my Republican colleagues have pursued too diligently; because over the last Congresses that they have been in charge, they put bills on this floor that have cut revenues by over half a trillion dollars without paying for it. Presumably my children, my grandchildren, and my great-grandchildren will have to pay that debt.  So this is not about tradeoffs. This is about making sure that our Nation remains solvent, responsible, and creditworthy. And, indeed, because the rest of the world relies on the value and stability of the dollar to value its products, its currency, it will affect the whole world.  So I am pleased to hear that the majority tells me that it needs to be on the floor. But I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, I have been, for 2\1/2\ months, urging us to do what the majority leader now says we need to do: get to an agreement.  They passed a budget; he is correct. It implemented sequester. They didn't follow it. And 102 Republicans have said they won't vote for a CR that follows the sequester because they want to increase defense, because they think sequester will hurt defense if it is followed. And, in fact, when the bill came to the floor, they didn't follow their sequester. They used OCO, which, by the way, does not score, but it is real money and exacerbates the deficit.  So when you are talking about alternatives, the alternative is not just about whether we invest in our national security by investing in defense. We need to do that, and I, for 35 years, have been a strong supporter of that. I also believe that we need to invest in our highways if we are going to do another temporary, because we have not, in 90 days, been able to come to grips. The gentleman talks about coming to grips with alternatives. We are going to do another short-term highway extension bill. Why? Because the majority party hasn't figured out how to pay for it.  And the debt limit may be on the floor, but what I hear, Mr. Speaker, is it may be on the floor if something else happens. Well, I hope something else happens. I hope we get a longer term funding agreement. But very frankly, Mr. Speaker, we have got six appropriation bills that haven't even been brought to this floor, and there is no constraint on the Republicans bringing it to the floor. They are in charge, Mr. Speaker. But half of the appropriation bills that were the responsibility of this House to pass have not been brought to the floor.  And, Mr. Speaker, they say, well, the Senate hasn't been passing them. Well, we are not in charge of the Senate. We are responsible for actions on this floor. And one of our responsibilities, Mr. Speaker, is to pass a debt limit extension.  And I understand, Mr. Speaker, that the majority leader said that there aren't 30 votes or 40 votes on each side of the aisle to pass a clean debt limit extension. Mr. Speaker, I find that incredibly hard to believe because, as Mr. Hensarling said, if we don't do that, it will have a catastrophic consequence on the country and on the international community.  I hope, Mr. Speaker, that the leader is right, that we bring a bill to the floor unrelated to disagreements. Some legitimate, most legitimate differences we have between us, we will have to work them out. But in that process, we ought not to put the credit of the United States at risk. We ought not to put individual American consumers at risk of having their interest rate raised because we couldn't pass a debt limit extension. We ought to act responsibly, Mr. Speaker.  I hope the leader is right. I hope this bill comes to the floor. I hope it is clean, so that it will not be weighted down by political controversies that are so self-evidently existing in this body for all the American people.  We have got a Speaker who is resigning, couldn't fill the Speakership. You may now fill it maybe next week, maybe as early as next week, but this body has not been functioning effectively. Let us not risk the credit of the United States and international stability. Let's bring a clean debt limit extension to this floor, and, hopefully, all of us will vote for a solvent nation.  There is no deal on that. I presume that every Member of this body wants a solvent nation. Let us hope, Mr. Speaker, that we summon our responsibility and our duty to this country and our constituents to get that done.  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  $154,161--$154,161--that is the responsibility of every single American based upon the debt that we have right now of $18 trillion. My friend on the other side of the aisle thinks it is un-American that we do anything about that, that the only road we should follow is just raise it and keep adding to it, that somehow that will build confidence in this country, somehow that will give more opportunity to future generations, by bringing a debt limit bill to the floor that raises the debt limit but starts changing the trajectory of where it is going is wrong.  That is what is wrong with Congress because, I will tell you, I don't hear that anywhere across America. I don't have my phones lighting up, saying: ``Just keep raising the debt and do nothing about it.'' It is the complete opposite. And I don't think the gentleman gets any different calls than I do.  My words were the House is expected to address this issue next week. Now, we play politics with a lot of stuff in here, but I am tired of that. I could play any amount of games that you want to play. I can sit here and I can quote Harry Reid on the other side of the aisle, and Schumer, a good deal, to make sure no appropriation bill went through and then blame the Republicans. They talk to the White House, and it is all in the papers. It is a whole strategy. They have a title for it. It is the ``Summer of Destruction.''  But do you know what, count me out of that. Put me in the column that I want to start talking about the ways we find solutions. I will be the first one who comes to the table and tells you I know I am not going to get everything I want.  I want to lay one goal out for you. I want a debt limit that gets raised but does something about the debt, and I don't think that is wrong, and I don't think I am causing problems. I think I am giving more opportunity.  I don't want to be in the category that sits and lays blame on everybody else. I haven't been here very long; but the short term I am here, I want to make a difference. I am not going to blame others for the past, but the one thing I can do is change the future. So put me in that column, and I will be at any table that other people across the aisle want to be with me.  