I keep asking the question because the Speaker and I agree that we are losing jobs. We are putting ourselves in a noncompetitive position with the rest of the world.  By not bringing this up to the floor, Mr. Leader--I haven't counted specifically, but I will bet you, however, that there are over 275 votes on this floor to pass a reauthorization and extension of the Export-Import Bank. The failure to bring it to the floor is not because it doesn't enjoy a majority of support--it does. When it last came to the floor--when Mr. Cantor and I worked on the legislation and brought it to this floor--it got well over 300 votes. Now, I understand there are some in your party who don't like it; but, very frankly, we have got to get over, because some in your party don't likethings, that we gridlock the Congress of the United States and make America uncompetitive and undermine confidence in this country.  Yes, Mr. Leader, you are very tolerant, and I will keep asking the question because I think it is critical for our economy, and it is critical to get us off this gridlock where a small minority of the Congress of the United States is holding good policy hostage.  Now, let me also ask you: On October 29, the highway bill will lose its authorization, which we have been extending in very short periods of time. The gentleman knows no Governor, no mayor, no county commissioner, no contractor can possibly plan infrastructure improvements--highways, bridges, sewer systems, whatever--on the basis of 90-day or 60-day extensions of authority and funding.  The gentleman didn't mention it. It is not coming up next week. I understand that we have a longer time--but not a long time--between now and October 29 when the highway bill will expire. As the gentleman, I am sure, knows and agrees, the failure to do that will have a significant adverse effect on jobs for Americans and a significant adverse effect on the infrastructure of this country.  Can the gentleman tell me whether or not he expects a highway bill to come to the floor anytime within the timeframe prior to October 29?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  As the gentleman did mention, the highway program is currently authorized through the end of October. The relevant committees are at work--I met with them today--developing the best path forward, and I will keep you apprised, as well as the Members, and I expect it to be done before the deadline.  