 The Keystone bill, however, which I think is a very important issue, was made partisan. The 30- to 40-hour workweek was made partisan.  The Regulatory Accountability Act, as the gentleman mentioned--excuse me, the Financial Services--that bill was changed. It was changed without a hearing. It was changed without public testimony, as I had a personal discussion, Mr. Speaker, with the majority leader about the change that occurred from the House bill that was passed.  So that bill was made, again, a partisan piece of legislation. Unfortunately, it could have passed on suspension, I think, as it did the year before, had it not been changed.  On the pipeline permitting legislation, again, not a bipartisan bill. This bill that we just considered, obviously very partisan, but no hearings and a closed rule.  Again, very important issues brought up and, I would suggest to the gentleman, nontransparent. He mentioned the bill that was filed last Friday, the border security bill, which is coming up Wednesday. The committee organized at 10. This bill was passed sometime shortly after 2--or thereafter. Debate started at 2.  When we talk about transparency, when we talk about regular order, very frankly, on pieces of substantive legislation, regular order, I would suggest,Mr. Speaker, to the majority leader, is not introducing a bill, then we are off for 3 days, coming back, and the day after organizing the committee without hearings, without any testimony, then passing the bill, and bringing it to the floor, when clearly it is a partisan difference.  We will move on, Mr. Leader. I know you are happy about that.  As the gentleman knows, after next week, we have two 4-day weeks scheduled in February prior to the President's Day recess.  Can the gentleman give me a sense of what legislation will be on the floor in February, again, Mr. Speaker, so that Members can have some knowledge of what might be brought to the floor, so that they can prepare and the public knows what legislation is going to be considered?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  We have made no decisions on February and notification yet, but as soon as we do, we will give ample time for all to know.  