Speaker, I yield to my friend, Mr. McCarthy, the majority leader, for purposes of telling us what the schedule will be for next week.  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Before I get into next week's schedule, I do want to thank the gentleman for joining me in the Second Congressional Hackathon.  Today's Hackathon is an opportunity to bring people together to envision a modernized Congress. Even as we speak, the congressional community, open government advocates, and code developers from the technology sector are gathered to explore how we can leverage technology to improve how Congress works for the American people. It is a good reminder that, even as we may disagree on many policy issues, we can work together to improve this institution.  I want to thank the gentleman's staff as well as the Clerk's office for their work on today's Hackathon.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning-hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning-hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, including a necessary short-term extension of the authorities under the highway trust fund. A complete list of suspensions will be announced by close of business today.  In addition, the House will consider H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Protection Act, sponsored by Representative Ann Wagner. This bill provides relief from the Department of Labor's proposed rule to redefine ``fiduciary.'' Once finalized, the Department's rule will shut out millions of low- and middle-income investors from getting retirement savings advice. Instead, our bill will ensure coordination between the Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission to determine whether it is even necessary to establish a uniform standard.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House will also need to consider legislation relating to the Nation's debt limit.  I thank the gentleman for yielding.  