We are so proud to have him on the floor with us once again. His successor, whom he knows very well, Debbie Dingell, is here with him as well.  John Dingell, Mr. Chairman, we welcome you, Mr. Speaker Pro Tem, back to the House of Representatives. We are so glad to see you.  Mr. Chairman, the beautiful Deborah is doing a wonderful job representing your district.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend, the majority leader, Mr. McCarthy, for the purpose of informing us of the schedule for the week to come.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by the close of business tomorrow.  In addition, the House will consider H.R. 1195, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act, authored by Representative Robert Pittenger. This bipartisan bill, which enjoys significant support from the Financial Services Committee, including the ranking member, will ensure that there is appropriate input given on actions being taken by the CFPB.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider two critical cybersecurity measures: H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act, authored by Chairman Devin Nunes, and H.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act, authored by Chairman Mike McCaul. These bipartisan bills will improve cyber threat information sharing between the private sector and the government and ensure that America can meet cyber challenges now and into the future.  