Polis from Colorado for yielding.  I rise in opposition to this rule. This is our last day in session before we leave for 5 or 6 weeks. We then will have 13 days before the end of the fiscal year. We have a number of things that the American public expects us to do that enjoys almost universal support on this floor, one of which enjoys a significant majority of support on this floor.  Mr. Speaker, let me quote the Speaker of this House, John Boehner. ``Above all else,'' he said as he assumed the Speakership, ``we will welcome the battle of ideas, encourage it, engage in it--openly, honestly, and respectfully.''  ``As the Chamber,'' he went on to say, ``closest to the people, the House works best when it is allowed to work its will.'' He then said, ``I ask all Members of this body to join me in recognizing this common truth.'' Al Gore, the former Vice-President of the United States, would observe, however, that is an inconvenient truth.  It is an inconvenient truth because the chairman of the Financial Services Committee, representing the minority of this House, is opposed to the Export-Import Bank. He has been opposed to it since we adopted it in 2012, with an overwhelming majority of votes from both sides of the aisle--as a matter of fact, a unanimous vote from the Democratic side of the aisle and over 140 Members from the Republican side of the aisle--just 3 years ago.  This rule makes in order, as the gentleman noticed, two bills, one of which I vigorously oppose but won't spend a lot of time on. While the gentleman is probably correct that it is not immediate firing, it is a substantial undermining of the Civil Service Act adopted so that we would not have a patronage, politically ridden system, but a civil service system based on merit.  This bill then makes in order an extension of the highway bill, which certainly we ought to do. It is somewhat ironic that we say it is a 3-month extension. We passed a 5-month extension. I voted for the 5-month extension. Everybody ought to know that we fund it for 5 months, of course. We call it a 3-month extension. I hope that will satisfy Senator McConnell so that he can then pass it.  We then provide for $3.3 billion so that we will make sure our veterans hospitals and medical care stays in operation. Both of those could have been passed on this House floor by unanimous consent.  