 Mr. Speaker, the last 2 weeks have been filled with a lot of things going on in this House. But I know the majority leader would be profoundly disappointed if I didn't ask him about one thing that doesn't seem to be going on, but which I think is critically important.  I know the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, joins with me in not wanting to see American jobs lost overseas or American jobs not created here in America for American workers because we are able to make products and sell them overseas.  So, Mr. Speaker, I would ask the distinguished majority leader, knowing full well, as he does, that Jeff Immelt, the CEO of GE, was here; and he spoke to both Democrats and Republicans. I know he talked about 500 U.S. jobs going overseas because we have not yet reauthorized the Export-Import Bank.  The Senate voted 64-29 to reopen the Bank. They voted in July. Almost two-thirds of the United States Senate.  As the majority leader is tired of hearing, I know, but I still believe there is a significant majority of Members in this House that would vote for it.  Now, I want to tell you, Mr. Speaker, I was extraordinarily pleased to read--I didn't hear, but read--the majority leader's comments when he was talking about the failure of the Senate to proceed on a vote of disapproval or approval on the agreement with Iran on nuclear arms control.  He said he was deeply distressed that ``so consequential that they demand revisions to the Senate's procedures.'' And he went on to say those revisions would be ``to let the people''--in this case, the Senate--``have a voice'' That was quoted in The Wall Street Journal just a few days ago.  I know the gentleman doesn't want us to lose jobs. I know he is quoted as saying that the people's voice ought to be heard. I know that he shares with me that this is the people's House.  And I ask the gentleman: It is not on the schedule next week, but does the gentleman expect the Export-Import Bank to be voted on in this House before the end of this month?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman.  In honor of the late Yogi Berra, ``It's like deja vu all over again.'' There is no action scheduled in the House on Ex-Im.  