 I think the gentleman knows that I am one of the biggest proponents ofpaying for things, which is why I voted against your two tax bills on the floor today. They are not paid for, and $300 billion of revenue will be reduced. That will exacerbate the deficit. That is why we have PAYGO. So I am supportive of PAYGO, but I would like to see if we can reach a bipartisan agreement on a pay-for which does not undermine the operations of the consumer financial protection board. I know your side, with all due respect, Mr. Leader, does not like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and would like to repeal it and reduce its funding greatly. We disagree with that. We have a great disagreement on that proposition.  So all I am saying is we have a bill on which there is bipartisan support. I see my friend, Mr. Lucas, on the floor on the ag bill. We had that on his bill, and he gave one of the most eloquent statements on the floor that I have heard about, Look, we have a bipartisan agreement; don't look bipartisanship in the eye and say ``no.''  So we are turning a bipartisan bill into a partisan bill not because we are against paying for it--we are for paying for it. But we are against undermining the ability of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to protect consumers, as it was designed to, and we need to adequately fund it without adding responsibilities and reducing its resources to protect the public.  If the gentleman wants to say anything further, I will yield to him. If not, I will go on to another subject.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I appreciate his comments. But as the gentleman knows, most every American has had to, in the last few years, cut back based upon the economy. I do not believe it is too difficult to find $9 million out of a $600-million-per-year budget, and I would think the consumers would expect that of the organization as well. We can all tighten our belts to make sure that the taxpayer is protected, and I look forward to continuing to work with you. I do believe, knowing you think things should be paid for as well, that there is an opportunity here that we can find 9 out of 600.  