 I would just observe that we share the view of the--you used the term ``horrific'' videos. As I understand it, these videos are heavily edited. I don't want to get into debate about them; we will have that debate next week, but we are certainly concerned about, as the gentleman knows, 97 percent of the health care delivered by Planned Parenthood has nothing to do with the issues raised in the video, edited or not.  We would hope that we could come to an agreement on making sure that those healthcare services that are provided to literally thousands and thousands of women are not interrupted, but I understand that we will have that debate next week.  Mr. Leader, you do not include in your schedule a continuing resolution for the funding of government. As the gentleman knows, we have essentially, as I count it, 5 full legislative days left. We have 8 or 9 days left, but there are many partial days.  We have 5 full legislative days left before the government runs out of authority and funds to continue. As the gentleman knows, I have been urging the majority leader and your side of the aisle to enter into discussions on levels of funding and funding itself.  We suspended the appropriations process approximately in the middle of July when the Interior bill was pulled from the floor. Presumably, it was pulled because there was a possibility of amendments being offered regarding the Confederate battle flag, but notwithstanding that, half the appropriation bills have not been brought to the floor. No appropriation bills have passed the Senate.  I have been urging, for at least 2 months now, that we have discussions. I discussed with Mr. Van Hollen today there have been no discussions between Mr. Van Hollen and Mr. Price with reference to a resolution of the funding levels for a CR or the length of term of the CR.  I had an opportunity to talk to Ranking Member Nita Lowey today of the Appropriations Committee. She informs me that there have been no substantive discussions between herself and Mr. Rogers and that Mr. Rogers, in fact, has no indication of what funding levels will be going forward or what a CR would look like or the length of period of time it would be for.  In addition to that, I have discussed with the leader's office, Leader Pelosi's office--and I know that neither my office nor Leader Pelosi's office have been in discussion either withthe Speaker's office or your office in a substantive way with how we might be moving forward on a CR.  I, frankly, thought that this coming week would be the week for us to consider a continuing resolution so that given the very, very short number of days available in September for us to meet, that there would be time for the Senate to receive a continuing resolution for us to consider that and pass it so that we would not, again, confront a crisis of confidence, a crisis in terms of ongoing government operations, but also a crisis of confidence not only in our country, but around the world that the United States of America could manage its finances in a responsible way.  With that said, Mr. Majority Leader, can you share with us some insight? Again, I know that it is not on the schedule, and this is about scheduling, but we have 5 full days and 3 partial days and a ninth day which the Pope is going to be here, and I know we will be having votes on that day, but we have such a minimal time before the government runs out of authority and funding for its operations that it seems to me that it is critical that today or tomorrow or Monday, we decide how we are going to proceed.  I will be pleased to yield to my friend, the majority leader.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  As the gentleman knows, the fiscal year does end on September 30. As the gentleman knows, we have had this discussion often because our intention was always to solve this problem very early. As history shows, this is the earliest we have ever started the appropriation process for Congress.  I had grave concern during the summer, reading many of the headlines from some on your side of the aisle and over on your side of the aisle in the Senate, that it was a strategy to make sure the appropriation process would not work.  When votes came to the floor, very strongly, you were able to hold many of your Members. Counterpart with the number two on the Senate side, Senator Schumer, his whole strategy for the summer, he was much more effective where none of them came up.  We know the number of days we have left. We are continuing conversations on government funding, and we will inform Members when action is scheduled in the House.  