 As the majority leader knows, there is, on his side of the aisle and on our side of the aisle, a great concern that the 302 allocations to the Appropriations Committee are insufficient to meet their responsibilities. Mr. Rogers, as you know, your chairman of the Appropriations Committee, a Member of your side of the aisle from Kentucky, has characterized the sequestration numbers as unrealistic and ill-advised.  The Senate has not passed any appropriations bills, as the gentleman knows. It is my hope, and I would like to ask the majority leader whether he contemplates any bipartisan discussions with reference to how we might come to an agreement so that appropriations bills could, in fact, be enacted, sent to the President, and signed by the President.  The President, as you know, sent down a budget which was paid for, which had Defense numbers at the numbers that your side of the aisle used by utilizing Overseas Contingency Operation funds to bridge the gap between the sequester number and the President's number.  My question to you is: Is there any contemplation, either before we break or shortly after we come back--because October 1 will be on us very, very quickly--to have bipartisan discussions, a la Ryan-Murray, to get to a number that we can agree on and that we can pass appropriations bills, have conferences, and send them to the President and be signed, hopefully, before October 1, but if not before October 1, certainly before December 18?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding and his continuous questions throughout the months on this.  It is still our intention on this side of the aisle to get our business done, uphold the current law which is in place. I know you and I have had many debates back and forth that we know that sequestration started in the White House, and we continue to play by what the law states today and move our bills in a bipartisan manner, with a very open process on the floor where any Member can bring an amendment up, and we will continue to use that process as we move forward.  