I thank her for using some of the time so I could get up to the floor. I appreciate that very much. I also thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his leadership.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution, which I have sponsored for many Congresses, to permit the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to hold its annual race on the grounds of the United States Capitol. I am sure that both the chairman and the ranking member, Ms. Edwards, have already said that.  This year will be the 74th soapbox derby, held on June 20. On that day, young people from around Washington, D.C., will gather at the Capitol for an event that is both fun, educational, and a teacher of responsibility and making things in America.  The Greater Washington Soap Box Derby began in 1938 with Norman Rocca outmaneuvering 223 other racers to win the inaugural race. Each year since, dozens of boys and girls, ranging in age from 8 to 17, have competed in three divisions: stock, super stock, and masters. The winner in each will qualify to compete with racers from across the country in the All-American Soap Box Derby in Akron, Ohio.  Called ``the greatest amateur racing event in the world,'' America's soapbox derbies bring parents, children, and friends and neighbors together. They teach hard work, leadership, sportsmanship, and pride of achievement.  These values not only make great soapbox racers, but great American innovators and leaders in business, government, science, and the arts. Participants are often sponsored by community groups, police departments, fire departments, service organizations, and others who see future great promise in these children and teenagers.  Mr. Speaker, I have been sponsoring this resolution for 24 years because I am so proud of America's soapbox derby tradition and proud of those from Maryland's Fifth District who participate.  My district has celebrated a number of derby champions, including the winners from 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, and 2014. My district is sort of like John Wooden's UCLA or the Duke Blue Devils, maybe, or the Maryland Terrapins. The young Marylanders who won the Greater Washington race in 2007 and 2008 went on to win the national championship.  I want to thank my colleagues who have cosponsored this resolution: Representatives Chris Van Hollen; Gerry Connolly; Don Beyer; John Delaney; Eleanor Holmes Norton; Donna Edwards, who has brought this to the floor with the chair; and Barbara Comstock.  I hope all Members of this House will join in supporting our resolution, and they will come to watch the soapbox derby in action on June 20.  Again, I thank my colleague from Maryland (Ms. Edwards), for making sure that I got here so that I could, once again, say how proud I am of those who participate in the soapbox derby.  Good luck to all of them.  