Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy) to inquire of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday and Tuesday, no votes are expected in the House. On Wednesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.  On Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business.  On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m.  Members are advised that, given the shortness of the week due to the Jewish holiday, Members should be prepared for a full legislative day on Friday.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today.  In addition, the House will consider H.R. 758, the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015, sponsored by Representative Lamar Smith. This bill will ensure that innocent Americans are protected against frivolous lawsuits.  Mr. Speaker, the House will also consider two measures that respond to the horrific videos released throughout the summer on Planned Parenthood practices. The first is H.R. 3134, sponsored by Representative Diane Black, which places a 1-year moratorium on funding to Planned Parenthood while Congress investigates these videos.  Three committees in the House are currently looking into Planned Parenthood activities, funding, and adherence to the law.  The second will be a bill sponsored by Representative Trent Franks, which adds criminal penalties to people who violate the Born Alive Act, for medical providers who fail to provide medical care to a baby who survives the abortion procedure.  Americans are rightfully outraged by what was depicted in these videos, and Congress and the American people have a right to know exactly what is happening.  These two critical bills will ensure that we get all the facts and protect those who cannot protect themselves.  