Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader, the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy), the schedule for the week to come, and I yield to my friend, Mr. McCarthy.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House.  On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning-hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.  On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning-hour and noon for legislative business.  On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected around noon.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow.  In addition, the House will consider S. 1, the Senate Keystone bill. After 6 years of waiting, this bipartisan bill, which will create more than 40,000 jobs, will finally be placed on the President's desk. I do sincerely hope he considers his longstanding veto threat and sides with the American people by signing this important jobs bill.  Mr. Speaker, the House will also consider two critical tax packages next week that will provide much-needed certainty for Americans and small businesses.  H.R. 644, the Fighting Hunger Incentive Act, sponsored by Representative Tom Reed, will make charitable giving tax provisions permanent. This will also include provisions authored by Representatives Erik Paulsen, Aaron Schock, and Mike Kelly.  Together, this package will make a real difference in the lives of Americans by encouraging donations of property for conservation and enhancing deductions for food contributions for those in need.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 636, America's Small Business Tax Relief Act, sponsored by Representative Pat Tiberi, with additional provisions authored by Representative Dave Reichert.  This bill is essential to creating stability for our Nation's best job creators, small businesses, by making increased expensing permanent.  