 Mr. Speaker, in parliamentary parlance, what we have before us is termed a ``structured rule.'' However, I would venture to say that this is an unstructured rule. It is a rule put forward by a majority with no clear structure to its strategy of how to govern this country.  This rule will allow them to bring two versions of their budget to the floor, as their deficit hawks and defense hawks continue to fight over what budget they should pursue. It is demonstrative of the deep divisions that we have seen displayed on a regular basis in the majority party.  We have now seen one example after another of this Republican majority being unable to assemble the votes from within its own ranks to pass important measures on its own. We saw it with funding to keep the Department of Homeland Security open. We also saw it last Congress, when Republicans were forced to withdraw an appropriations bill for Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development when they didn't have the votes to support their sequestration strategy.  The gentleman from Kentucky, Hal Rogers, the Republican chairman of the Appropriations Committee, said at that time that the bill's removal meant that ``with this action, the House has declined to proceed on the implementation of the very budget it adopted just 3 months ago. Thus, I believe,'' Chairman Rogers went on, ``that the House has made its choice: sequestration--and its unrealistic and ill-conceived discretionary cuts--must be brought to an end.''  That was the Republican chairman of the Appropriations Committee speaking--not Steny Hoyer, not a Democrat, but a Republican leader.  So, Mr. Speaker, today is not the first time that we are seeing the majority plagued by dysfunction as it budgets in a partisan way, but today it has gone a step further with a rule that essentially acknowledges that there is no consensus among Republicans as to how they ought to proceed. That is why Republicans are putting forward this convoluted amendment strategy.  However, I tell my friends on the other side, the votes exist to pass a budget in this House but only if it is one that replaces both the defense and nondefense components of the sequester with a commonsense and fiscally responsible alternative.  And I predict today that this budget will not be followed, as previous budgets passed by the Republican majority have never been followed and were not followed by them.  Democrats would partner, I would tell my Republican friends, to pass a budget that invests in the future and does not stifle the growth of jobs and opportunity.  I urge my colleagues we can do better. Reject this rule. Let's go back to the drawing board. Let's get it right.  