He talks about the rule. The rule is not the issue. I am against this rule. Its substance, that is what the gentleman from Oregon was talking about. He was talking about investing and making America grow, creating jobs. That is what we ought to be debating, not some rule for you to have a lot of amendments. You can have a zillion amendments. If they are all awful, it won't be a good rule.  I rise in opposition to this rule. I rise in opposition because it would make in order several amendments that undermine the will of a majority of both parties in this House, that the Export-Import Bank should be reopened immediately.  I said for a year and a half the majority of this House was for it; and for a year and a half, it was bottled up by a committee chairman in a closed process.  Since some Republicans blocked an extension of the Export-Import Bank's charter authority and let it shut down in July, hundreds of American jobs have been shipped overseas, and exporters and their workers have been unable to compete on a level playing field in foreign markets.  Last month, in a historic effort, virtually all Democrats and a majority of Republicans came together to end the gridlock and take steps to allow the House to work its will and hold a vote on reopening the Export-Import Bank. This rule seeks to reverse that process.  When that vote was finally held, Mr. Speaker, 127 Republicans finally got the opportunity to work their will--a majority of their Conference--and joined with every Democrat, save one, to reopen the Bank and create jobs in our country.  The will of this House is clear, unequivocal. The best way to reopen the Bank is by keeping, unchanged, in this highway bill the Heitkamp-Kirk language, a bipartisan amendment from the Senate that 313 Members, otherwise known as 75 percent of this body, voted for last week on this floor. The amendments that this rule would make in order are, in effect, a last-ditch attempt by the Bank's opponents to undo the will of the majority of this House.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule; and should it be adopted, as is likely the case, I urge every one of my colleagues who voted to reopen the Export-Import Bank last week to stand together in defeating every single amendment offered on the Export-Import Bank so we can stand together to defeat all of the amendments that are offered on the Export-Import Bank.  