Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the information he has given us. I have some questions on that information, but before getting to the bills that we are going to consider next week, I note the absence of the Homeland Security bill.  That continues to, unfortunately, be mired in controversy, Mr. Speaker. It is a bill that I would remind our Members, Mr. Speaker--and I know the majority leader knows this--has been agreed to, essentially.  There really is no controversy with respect to the funding of the Homeland Security Department. There are no amendments being offered to change the numbers or anything of that nature.  There is, however, the holding hostage, Mr. Speaker, of this bill for the purposes of overturning the President's actions which, in our view, he was forced to take because of the inaction of this body after over a year of even considering the comprehensive immigration reform bill that the Senate passed by over 60 votes, with almost two-thirds of the Senate, Republicans and Democrats, voting for that bill.  Mr. Speaker, I am very concerned and the American people are concerned that a bill which is so critically important for the defense of our borders, for the security of our country, and the security of our people is languishing, notwithstanding the fact that we have agreement on the underlying bill. There is no disagreement in my view.  The Homeland Security bill, Mr. Speaker, in my opinion, would pass with over 400 votes if it were brought to this floor, but for the fact that it is being held hostage to force the President to do something that the Senate clearly has indicated they are not going to approve.  Mr. Speaker, I would urge the majority leader to bring to the floor a clean bill. By clean, I mean the Republican-reported bill--not our bill, but a compromise bill--a Republican-reported bill in December, conferenced--conference may overstate it because it was the four leaders, Republicans and Democrats meeting--and they brought out of that meeting to this floor a Homeland Security bill that could pass overwhelmingly.  Every day that we delay puts us closer to the February 27 deadline that was set in December for the funding of this bill, taken out of the omnibus appropriation bill that we passed, put on a short-term leash, putting our homeland security at risk.  Mr. Speaker and Mr. Majority Leader, I would ask you: Is there any plan at some point in time to say we are not going to snatch defeat from the jaws of compromise?  The leader knows. The leader is very astute. He understands this body very well and knows full well that the underlying bill has consensus.  If there is anything that is frustrating the American people, it is that when we have something that we agree upon, we turn it into something that we can't agree on.  I yield to my friend, Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of telling me what his view is as to when we are going to be able to pass an appropriation bill to ensurethat the Homeland Security Department can operate in an effective, efficient manner to protect America and Americans.  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I share the gentleman's frustration. Knowing the timeline of dealing with funding of Homeland Security, Republicans want to make sure it is funded. That is why we took up legislation. I agree with the gentleman. Why is it being held hostage by the Democrats in the Senate?  As my good friend knows, the Senate has changed hands. In watching what has happened on Keystone, you get open debate. I know you didn't have amendments for the last number of years, but now, you have the opportunity.  If people disagree with the House bill, all they have to do is take the bill up. As my good friend knows, what is happening in the Senate day after day is the Senate Democrats are voting now to allow the bill to come up. If you disagree with the bill, you can't offer amendments, you can't change the bill.  I would say to my friend: I share your frustration. I think our direction should be at the Senate Democrats and getting them to allow the bill to come up because nobody wants Homeland Security not to be funded. That is why we took the bill up very early, so the Senate could have time.  It is unfortunate that they play these actions in a time and place--as you said, the American people want to see this done, and we want to see it done in a bipartisan manner as well.  