 The majority leader, Mr. Speaker, regularly brings up that sequester started in the White House. He knows I very severely disagree with that. And he voted for a Cut, Cap, and Balance Act which had in that bill--which no Democrat, I think, voted for--sequester. And it was passed 5 days before our Republican friends, Mr. Speaker, alleged that Mr. Lew suggested that to Mr. Reid as a way we could get by the House's refusal, up to that point in time, to extend the debt limit, which meant we couldn't pay our bills. But I don't think that is very useful in discussing how we get by this loggerhead that we have met on the appropriations process.  I served on the Appropriations Committee for 23 years before I became a leader, and we did pass bills--not always on time, but we had an ability, Republicans and Democrats working on the Appropriations Committee, working in the Congress, to get our bills done.  Mr. Speaker, I don't know whether you recall. I presume you will recall that when we got to a similar impasse, Mr. Ryan, the then-chairman of the Budget Committee, Ms. Murray, the then-chairwoman of the Budget Committee in the Senate, got together and came up with some figures that we could agree on on a bipartisan basis. Until that time, we had the same kind of scenario that we are now confronted with.  Mr. Speaker, it is my view that, unless we have such a meeting of the minds, we are going to put this country in another crisis of our own making.  We, Democrats, are prepared to enter into some sort of an agreement, consistent with Hal Rogers' belief, that we can get to a realistic and advised compromise, not this unrealistic and ill-advised--Mr. Rogers' words, Republican chair of the Appropriations Committee, not mine.  And if we don't do so, when we get to September 30, or we get to December 18, let's not wring our hands and say, How did this happen? We will know exactly how it happened, and it will have happened because we refused to sit down, as the majority leader just saida few minutes ago, in a bipartisan way to do the people's business in a responsible, collegial way in which we can get to an agreement so the bills can be passed.  I think this argument about who is responsible for sequestration--clearly, we have a different point of view--and a bill that passed before the suggestion was made by Jack Lew so we could get by the impasse and America pay its bills is really not very useful.  Mr. Leader, let me go to another subject. The gentleman moved, on two occasions, to refer to the House Administration Committee legislation which related to the use of the Confederate battle flag. Both of those issues are now pending in the House Administration Committee. One of them has been there for some 3 weeks now.  Can the gentleman tell me whether there is any suggested action by the committee, whether there have been any hearings scheduled, and whether or not we may see that legislation brought to the floor at any time in the foreseeable future?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Just to clarify before I answer your other question on some of your other statements, I am concerned about what the rest of the summer looks like. A lot of my concern stems from what I hear on the other side of the aisle, especially in the Senate side.  As the gentleman knows from his years of working for more than two decades on appropriations, the appropriations process we have today is the most open this House has ever seen. Never in history, while you were on the Appropriations Committee, was it as open a process that any Member from any side of the aisle could just offer an amendment, not even prewritten, just a closed process.  But your comments about sequester, what I am really concerned about is the comments of Senator Schumer, Senator Reid, that they were going to have the summer of the shutdown, the destruction, that they were going to shut everything down, and I am concerned about some of your comments that are leading in that direction. I don't want to go there. I want to finish our work as we have been doing here.  And history, I can't rewrite it. I mean, Bob Woodward, respected journalist as we all know from his days back to Watergate, today, in his ``The Price of Politics,'' he wrote of the time in history. Sequester was not debated here on this floor or created on this floor, not even in the Senate as well. You can read it in his book. It was created in the White House of this administration. It is the law of the land. We will uphold the law of the land and do our work based upon those numbers.  Now, the question you had before me was dealing with what we referred to House Administration. I have met with the chair and I have met with Members on the gentleman's side of the aisle. We have nothing scheduled for next week, but we are currently working towards solving this, to me, a very serious and sensitive issue, and I look forward to getting it done and working with you to make it happen.  