  The issue of credit card companies charging Americans outrageously high interest rates is something that has concerned me for a number of years. We have another amendment which approaches this issue from a different level, but I am going to work with Senator Whitehouse, and I think this is a very important amendment.  The bottom line here is that usury and loan-sharking is immoral, it is wrong, and it has got to be prohibited. I know Senator Whitehouse and Senator Merkley are more than aware, there are even Biblical references in both the Old and New Testament to the immorality and the condemnation of usury. We know as a Nation, people look askance at loan sharks.  Let's be honest. What are we talking about here? If a financial institution is charging people who are desperate enough to be buying their groceries, in many cases their basic necessities, on their credit card, 25- or 30-percent interest rates, if that is not usury, if that is not loan sharking, then I don't know what is.  We have introduced legislation that would cap credit card interest rates at 15 percent. Senator Whitehouse is approaching it in another way, which is an interesting way. But the bottom line is that we have to deal with the absurd Marquette ruling which essentially nullifies what every State in the country has done. I think in Vermont we have usury rates at 12 percent. But it doesn't mean anything because of the Marquette decision.  So all over this country, when we have 20 percent of the people in America now paying at least 20 percent interest rates on their credit cards, those people want action. And when we talk about Wall Street reform and we talk about consumer protection, yes, of course, we need a strong, independent financial services consumer protection agency but, more importantly, we need to address this outrage of high credit card interest rates, and the amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island would do that.  I think the American people want to see action, and I hope we can work together on the amendment and on my amendment and give people some relief.  