 That is condemned by every major religion on Earth as well as every great writer I can think of who addressed that issue.  What I wish to do, I suggest to my friend from Rhode Island, is I want for a moment to read some of the e-mails I received from Vermont dealing with this issue we are attempting to address. You are dealing with it one way. I am trying to deal with it more on a national way. But we both, together, are trying to address this.  Let me give a couple of e-mails that came to me over the last couple of months. This is from Jeffrey, from the State of Vermont:       I was one of those guys who failed to read the fine print.      A couple of years ago my credit card payment got lost in the      mail. By the time I had realized what had happened, they      charged me a $45 late fee and then spiked my interest rate up      to 35 percent. At the time I was in good standing with them.      I desperately tried to get this back on track but after 10 or      12 months of making these crazy payments I had to make a      choice--lose my transportation to work, lose my house--I am a      father of four beautiful children--or stop paying on the      credit card. Now my credit card report has suffered greatly      and, even though it has been over a year, they still harass      me almost daily. This situation has affected every part of my      family and my life.  That is the end of the quote from Jeffrey from Vermont.  This is Ronald from Colchester, VT:       I am writing about my Citi credit card.  I should point out, as my friend from Rhode Island knows, that the four largest financial institutions in this country issue 66 percent, two-thirds, of the credit cards in the country.       I am writing about my Citi credit card. My interest rate      went from 12 percent to 29.9 percent overnight. I phoned them      and was told it was not just myself paying that rate, but      everyone pays that rate. How can credit card companies let      you make purchases on your account for a moderate interest      rate and just mysteriously move to 29.9 percent overnight? I      hope you are able to pass your law to restrict credit card      companies from abusing their power over their customers.  I have gotten many e-mails and I am sure you have as well. The bottom line is what we are saying is we intend to end this outrageous practice on the part of huge banks that are ripping off the American people. What Senator Whitehouse is trying to do is say let us go back to the federalist principles of this country where States have established their own interest rate caps, and let's enforce that.  We are taking a little bit different position. But both of us are going to do everything we can to end this outrage and I applaud the Senator from Rhode Island for his hard work on this.  