 President, before I talk about financial reform, I did want to say a word about the disaster on the gulf coast now and the oil spillage there. Obviously, all of our hearts go out to the families of the 11 workers who lost their lives and to the thousands and thousands of employees in the region who are going to lose their jobs as this terrible contamination spreads all over the gulf coast.  But I hope very much we comprehend, in the midst of the disaster, that when we are dealing with technologies such as offshore drilling or, in fact, nuclear energy, we cannot be 99.99 percent successful. Unfortunately, as human beings, 100 percent success is a goal we often do not reach. That is why, in my view, as someone who has long opposed offshore drilling, I think it is absolutely imperative we understand as a nation if we move aggressively to energy efficiency, if we move aggressively to such clean, sustainable energies as wind, solar, biomass, and geothermal, we can, in fact, break our dependence on foreign oil and on fossil fuel in general, and we can create millions of jobs as we become energy independent without having to deal with the calamities we are experiencing today.  Mr. President, either tomorrow or shortly after--I hope tomorrow--I will be offering an amendment which deals with transparency at the Fed. I did want to say a few words about that.  At a time when many Americans are dispirited by the intensity of the partisanship which they see in Congress, this amendment, demanding transparency at the Federal Reserve, does something which is quite unusual. It brings together some of the most progressive Members of the U.S. Congress--and I consider myself in that fold--with some of the most conservative. It also brings together some of the strongest grassroots progressive organizations in the country with some of the most conservative. So what we are seeing in this amendment is a coming together of millions of Americans who have very different political ideologies but who agree it is absolutely imperative we bring transparency to the Fed.  This amendment is virtually identical to legislation I have offered on the subject that now has 33 cosponsors. In order to give an indication of the diversity of ideological position, let me read who they are. 