 President, the issue of abusive corporate tax breaks has even gotten the attention of Forbes Magazine, which reported on April 1, 2010--this is Forbes Magazine--Forbes 500, dynamic capitalism, Forbes Magazine, and this is what they say on April 1, 2010:       As you work on your taxes this month, here's something to      raise your hackles: Some of the world's biggest, most      profitable corporations enjoy a far lower tax rate than you      do--that is, if they pay taxes at all.  Forbes Magazine. This is not one of the more progressive journals in America.  So enough is enough. We can and must reduce the deficit in a way that does not harm the American middle class. Making sure that large and profitable corporations are not able to avoid paying taxes could significantly reduce the deficit. It is not the only thing we have to do, but it would be an important step forward.  As a first step in this direction, the amendment I am proposing today goes after the three most generous tax breaks enjoyed by the oil and gas industry and would raise over $35 billion in revenue over a 10-year period--$35 billion, 10 years. All of these tax breaks were recommended for elimination in President Obama's fiscal year 2011 budget request.  Specifically, this amendment eliminates the expensing of intangible drilling costs to raise over $10.9 billion. It eliminates percentage depletion for oil and gas while saving over $9.6 billion; and it eliminates the so-called manufacturing tax deduction for oil and gas production, saving over $14.7 billion over the next decade, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation.  I want my colleagues to take a look at this chart, because what this chart tells us is that during the last 10 years, the five largest oil companies--ExxonMobil, Shell, BP, Chevron, Texaco, and ConocoPhillips--earned over $750 billion in profits--10-year period, $750 billion, the top five oil companies. During the first quarter of this year, big oil's profits increased by 85 percent. Providing tax breaks to this profitable industry at a time of record-breaking deficits simply does not make sense. We can't afford to do it.  Let me give one example of the absurdity of continuing to provide tax breaks to the oil and gas industry. I want my colleagues to take a look at this chart right here. As we all know, ExxonMobil was the most profitable corporation in the history of the world from 2006 through 2008, making $40 billion in profits in 2006, $41 billion in 2007, and $45 billion in 2008. Not bad. These profits, among other things, enabled Exxon to provide a $398 million retirement package to its former CEO, Lee Raymond.  In 2009, one of the most economically difficult years since the Great Depression--millions of people losing their jobs, their homes, their savings--ExxonMobil was still able to make $19 billion in profits in the midst of a severe recession.  I have a question for my friends on both sides of the aisle to consider: Out of that $19 billion profit, how much did ExxonMobil pay in taxes to the IRS? How much did they pay? How many billions of dollars? How many hundreds of millions of dollars did they pay? Well, the answer is: Zero, not one red nickel.  So all over America, working families are struggling to keep their heads above water. They pay their taxes. Yet we have a corporation, the most profitable in the history of the country, that last year made $19 billion in profit, and they didn't pay a nickel in taxes.  But that is not, as they say, the whole story. It gets worse than that.  As this chart right here on my right shows, ExxonMobil reported to the SEC that not only did it avoid paying any Federal income taxes, it actually received a $156 million refund from the IRS. Twenty-two percent of the children in this country live in poverty. We have record-breaking deficits. We have a $13 trillion national debt, and ExxonMobil receives $156 million in a tax refund after making $19 billion in profits. This has to stop.  This amendment I am offering would begin to make sure that ExxonMobil pays at least a minimal amount of their record-breaking profits in taxes to the Federal Government. That is the very least we can do.  But ExxonMobil is not the only corporation enjoying these tax breaks. Chevron, the fourth most profitable oil company in America, a company that made a $10 billion profit last year when other companies were fighting to stay alive, reported to the SEC that it received a $19 million refund from the IRS. This is Chevron. I know. It is not as much as ExxonMobil, but a $19 million refund after you make $10 billion in profits, that is not too shabby.  Valero Energy, the 25th largest company in America with $68 billion in sales last year, received a $157 million refund check from the IRS, and over the past 3 years it received a $134 million tax break from the oil and gas manufacturing tax deduction that this amendment seeks to eliminate. And on and on it goes. ConocoPhillips, et cetera, et cetera.  Let me very briefly turn to what this amendment would do with the revenues. In terms of deficit reduction, as I have indicated, the benefits are substantial. As we all know, the underlying bill we are debating today, which I support, would increase the deficit by about $87 billion over 10 years. This amendment, my amendment, would cut that by about a third--$25 billion over 10 years. This amendment importantly would also invest $10 billion into the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Block Grant Program which, as I mentioned earlier, will create jobs, save people money on their fuel bills, and help transform our energy system away from fossil fuels.  I get a little bit tired of hearing my friends come to the floor of the Senate talking about the need to reduce ourdeficit. I get a little bit tired of people talking about the need for equity. If we cannot address a situation where some of the most profitable corporations in America pay zero Federal taxes and, in fact, get a tax rebate, then I am not quite sure what this institution is doing.  So we now have an opportunity to move forward, to address our deficit crisis. We have an opportunity to move forward to transform our energy system. We have an opportunity in this amendment to create jobs and break our dependency on fossil fuel.  I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to a debate on amendment No. 4318; that the time for such debate be limited to half an hour equally divided; that once the time has expired on this debate, the Senate proceed to a vote on amendment No. 4318.  