 President, I have a pending amendment to the tax extenders bill and want to say a few words on that.  At a time when we have a recordbreaking $13 trillion national debt and an unsustainable Federal deficit, at a time when two out of every three corporations in America paid no Federal income taxes between 1998 and 2005, at a time when ExxonMobil, the most profitable corporation in the history of the world, not only paid no Federal income taxes in 2009 but actually got a $156 million refund from the IRS, at a time when we desperately need to end our dependence on fossil fuel and transform our energy system, the amendment I am offering, along with Senator Wyden, Senator Whitehouse, Senator Menendez, and Senator Lautenberg, is simple and straightforward.  This amendment simply repeals over $35 billion in tax breaks to the oil and gas industry, all of which were recommended for elimination in President Obama's fiscal year 2011 budget, which the Joint Committee on Taxation has estimated would raise over $35 billion in a 10-year period.  To put this in perspective, the taxpayer dollars saved by repealing these tax breaks represents about 1 percent of the total projected revenue of the oil and gas industry over this same time period. In other words, the cost of repealing these tax breaks for the oil and gas industry is negligible.  More than $25 billion of the money saved under this amendment would be used to reduce the deficit. I hear my friends coming down every day, appropriately, talking about our recordbreaking deficit and our huge national debt. Mr. President, $25 billion in this amendment is used for deficit reduction.  Mr. President, $10 billion would be invested in the highly successful Energy Efficiency and Conservation Block Grant Program over a 5-year period, which would go to 50 States in this country to help them move forward in terms of energy efficiency and sustainable energy.  This amendment has widespread support throughout this country from organizations representing millions of Americans, including the League of Conservation Voters, the Sierra Club, the American Council for an Energy Efficient Economy, Friends of the Earth, the Union of Concerned Scientists, Physicians for Social Responsibility, the American Public Health Association, moveon.org, Environment America, Oceana, 1 Sky, Greenpeace, Public Citizen, the Center for Biological Diversity, the Conservation Law Foundation, and 350.org.  In addition, the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Block Grant funding this amendment would provide is strongly supported by the U.S. Conference of Mayors, the National League of Cities, the National Association of State Energy Officials, and the National Association of Development Organizations, and I am pleased to report that Taxpayers for Common Sense and the National Wildlife Federation strongly support repealing the oil and gas tax breaks this amendment would eliminate.  Let me briefly explain why this amendment needs to be included in this overall legislation. First, there is no debate; everybody here understands we have to address the deficit crisis and the $13 trillion national debt we face. Well, I say to my friends: If you are serious about doing this and doing it in a way that doesn't decimate the middle class or working families, this amendment is a good step forward: $25 billion in deficit reduction over a 10-year period is significant and it would help us address a major crisis.  Secondly, we all understand--or I hope we all understand--we have to reform the Tax Code, which is grossly unfair today. We must make the Tax Code fairer and more equitable for ordinary Americans and, in my view, that means ending the absurdity of seeing large corporations, enormously profitable corporations, not pay their fair share of taxes and, in some cases, not paying any taxes at all. Each and every year, large and profitable corporations all over this country are able to avoid paying billions of dollars in Federal income taxes through loopholes in the Tax Code and generous tax breaks. This is simply unacceptable, it is unfair especially with a record-breakingdeficit, it is very poor public policy, and it has to be changed.  To highlight how absurd this situation has become, take a look at the August 2008 report on the subject by the Government Accountability Office or the GAO. According to this report--and I hope Americans hear this--two out of every three corporations in the United States paid no Federal income taxes from 1998 to 2005--two out of three. Amazingly these corporations had a combined $2.5 trillion in sales but paid no income taxes to the IRS. This statistic includes one out of four large corporations. That is according to the GAO.  Further, according to a report from the Citizens for Tax Justice, 82 Fortune 500 companies in America paid:     zero or less in federal income taxes in at least one year      from 2001 to 2003.  I am thinking now about working people in the State of Vermont and in the State of New Mexico or in Oklahoma, where people are making 10, 12 bucks an hour; people are working 40, 50, 60 hours a week; people who are paying their fair share of taxes. Yet we end up having these large multinational corporations making billions of dollars every year in profits and then they avoid paying their fair share of taxes. That is an issue we have to address.  This same report from Citizens for Tax Justice states:       In the years they paid no income tax, these companies      earned $102 billion in U.S. profits.  How is that? Not a bad deal: $102 billion in profits, zero income taxes.       But instead of paying $35.6 billion in income taxes as the      statutory 35 percent corporate tax rate seems to require,      these companies generated so many excess tax breaks that they      received outright tax rebate checks from the U.S. Treasury,      totaling $12.6 billion.  How is that? They make huge amounts of money, don't pay any taxes, and then Uncle Sam gives them a rebate. That is quite the scam.  In other words, between 2001 and 2003, 82 of the largest, most profitable corporations in this country received a $12.6 billion tax refund--tax refund--from the IRS when, if they were paying their 35 percent of corporate taxes as the law requires, they would have paid over $35 billion in taxes. That is a net loss to the U.S. Treasury of $48 billion.  It is not just Bernie Sanders who has strong concerns about this issue. The issue of abusive corporate tax breaks has even gotten the attention of Forbes Magazine.  