 President, this country has a $13 trillion national debt and a record-breaking deficit, and it is time we began to address that issue.  This country has the potential now to transform our energy system away from fossil fuel, away from offshore drilling into energy efficiency and sustainable energy, and when we do that, we create millions of good-paying jobs over a period of years. That is what this amendment does.  Over the last decade, the five largest oil companies in America--ExxonMobil, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, BP, and Shell--made over $750 billion in profits. These profitable companies do not deserve to continue to have major tax breaks that in some cases not only prevent them from paying anything in taxes but enable them to get huge tax refunds from the IRS.  What the Sanders-Menendez-Whitehouse-Wyden-Lautenberg amendment would do is eliminate three major loopholes. It would bring $35 billion into our coffers over a 10-year period. It would use $25 billion of those $35 billion for deficit reduction. It would use $10 billion to fund energy conservation and sustainable energy and in the process create over 100,000 new jobs over a period of years.  It may make sense to somebody, but it does not make sense to me that we have a company such as ExxonMobil, which has been the most profitable company in the history of the world, making huge profits and last year not only paying nothing in taxes but getting a refund from the Treasury of $156 million. Let me repeat that. ExxonMobil, the most profitable corporation in the history of the world--year after year, huge profits--last year not only paid nothing in taxes but received a $156 million check from the taxpayers of this country to help them. That is absurd.  ExxonMobil is not the only company to enjoy that kind of outrageous tax treatment. Chevron received a $19 million tax refund; Valero Energy, a $157 million refund; and ConocoPhillips received over $450 million in tax breaks from the oil and gas manufacturing deduction over the past 3 years.  I am going to yield the floor in a moment because I want to refute some of what my friend from Oklahoma will be saying.  Here is what the bottom line is. The bottom line is we have a huge deficit and huge tax breaks for profitable corporations. We have the opportunity now to do what President Obama put into his 2011 budget and eliminate those tax breaks, bring $35 billion more into the Treasury--$25 billion for deficit reduction and $10 billion to create over 100,000 new jobs as we make our country more energy efficient and we move to sustainable energy.  With that, I yield the remainder of my time.  