 I must tell my colleagues that this amendment is one of the more unusual amendments that has been brought up in the Senate, I suspect for many years, because of the rather strange coalition that has come together around it. How often do we have the AFL-CIO, a progressive organization, and Freedom Works, a very conservative organization, supporting the same effort? How often are the SEIU, the largest union in America; moveon.org, 5 million members as a progressive organization; and Public Citizen, another progressive organization, striving for the same goal as the National Taxpayers Union or the Eagle Forum or Americans for Tax Reform, very conservative organizations? How often do we have some of the most progressive Members in Congress--and I include myself within that fold--working with some of the more conservative Members? It doesn't happen every day, but that is what is happening on this amendment.  I rise to talk about the amendment, what it does, and why so many diverse groups, representing tens of millions of Americans, are coming together in support of it. I also wish to suggest what it does not do and some of the ways it has been distorted by the Fed and other groups that are opposed. I have seen some of the statements made by the Fed which are absolutely untrue in terms of what this amendment does and does not do.  For me, the origin of this amendment came on March 3, 2009, when, as a member of the Budget Committee, I asked the Chairman of the Fed, Ben Bernanke, a very simple question. I asked him if he would tell me, the committee, and the American people which financial institutions received over $2 trillion in zero interest or near zero interest loans during the start of the economic crisis. During the bailout period, some $2 trillion of taxpayer money was lent. My question was: Mr. Chairman, who received that money? I don't think that is an unfair question. We have heard great debates here on the Senate floor about $5 million or $10 million. To ask who received over $2 trillion in zero or near zero interest loans is something I believe should be answered by the Fed, and they should make that information public. But Bernanke said no. He gave his reasons.  On that very day, I introduced legislation that would require the Fed to put this information on its Web site, make it public, just as Congress required the Treasury Department to do with respect to the $700 billion TARP money. Some may like TARP; some may not. Some may have voted for it; some may not have. But the information about who received the money, when it was paid back, et cetera, is right there on the Web site of the Treasury Department.  This $2 trillion in zero or near zero interest loans does not belong to the Fed. It belongs to the American people, and the American people have a right to know where trillions of their taxpayer dollars are going. It is not complicated. One doesn't need an MBA from Wharton to know that. That is why millions of Americans, whether conservative or progressive or in between, have come together to say we need transparency at the Fed.  This amendment not only requires that the Fed tell us who has received the $2 trillion it lent out, but, similar to the language incorporated in the House bill, it calls for an audit of the Fed by the GAO. As we all know, the GAO is the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office that does a great job in trying to figure out where there is waste and fraud within the government. That is it. This is a very simple, short amendment. It is five pages. It calls for transparency at the Fed and a straightforward audit. Who got what? When did they get it? On what basis and on what terms? Who was at the meetings? Who made the decisions and were there conflicts of interest? Simple, factual questions the American people deserve answers to. That is what it is; it is not complicated.  I understand this amendment will not be supported by everyone. Some may suggest, inaccurately--and I have heard these statements--that this amendment ``takes away the independence of the Federal Reserve and puts monetary policy into the hands of Congress.'' Let me address those concerns by simply reading exactly what is in the amendment. It is not complicated. I quote from page 4 of the amendment. This is what it says. I don't think I can be more straightforward than this:       Nothing in this amendment shall be construed as      interference in or dictation of monetary policy by the      Federal Reserve system, by the Congress, or the Government      Accountability Office.  It can't be more simple. It can't be more straightforward than the language in this amendment. So when people tell us this amendment is going to interfere and have Congress dictate monetary policy, it is simply not true. In other words, this amendment does not take away the ``independence of the Fed'' and it does not put monetary policy into the hands of Congress. This amendment does not tell the Fed when to cut short-term interest rates or when to raise them. It does not tell the Fed what banks to lend money to and what banks not to lend money to. It does not tell the Fed which foreign central banks it can do business with and which ones it cannot. It does not impose any new regulations on the Fed, nor does it take any regulatory authority away from the Fed. It does none of those things, no matter what anybody coming to the floor may say.  What the opponents of this amendment are doing is equating independence, which we support, with secrecy, which I do not support. At a time when our entire financial system almost collapsed, we cannot let the Fed continue to operate in the kind of secrecy they have operated in for years. 