Mr. Speaker, I just witnessed one of the greatest displays of inaccuracies I have ever heard in my life.  It's too bad that the public doesn't understand that this whole bill is a charade, and I am disappointed in my chairman because there were no hearings on this. In fact, the testimony that I have heard from the majority is the reality is not real. The report is not real. And where he gets the figures about 68 million acres set aside and not utilized, I don't know. And where do they get the idea of getting 4 billion barrels?  I've just listened to the gentleman from Massachusetts' tirade. I have heard that same tirade for as long as he's been in Congress. He has never supported any energy at all, any development of energy, including nuclear. Now his people in Massachusetts are paying that price.  When I first came to Congress, we were in the minority, and the price of oil for a barrel was $8 a barrel, 39 cents at the pump. Yes, it's high today because the Trans-Alaska Pipeline was the last big development we ever had because this Congress would not allow us to develop any other oil fields. Now, we have a big oil field in Alaska called ANWR, which is 74 miles away from the existing pipeline that delivers 17 billion barrels to the American people, and we're not allowed to drill it because this Congress won't act.  And we have a tirade on this floor about blaming Big Oil. There's only one group that's to blame, and it's this Congress, both sides of the aisle, because it's easier to buy it from OPEC countries. And we stopped trying to figure out how we can get off the dependency. We have not done that.  Now, if we don't drill, we are going to be in trouble. I predict the price of oil, if we don't drill and start supply to this demand in the United States, the price of oil will probably go to $150 a barrel. And that's going to be under your watch.  Are you proud of what you've done? I say no. This bill is a charade. It should be voted down, and we should vote ``no, no, no, drill, drill, drill.''  