I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I want to stress the importance of understanding the supply side of energy. And we may not be able to lower the price, ladies and gentleman, at the gas pump, but we can at least stabilize it because if you think this is going to go down if we don't have a supply side, you're badly mistaken.  We just saw something last week which shocked many people. We had a jump of $11 a barrel in one night because of some action in the Middle East. And that could affect us down the road where it's $137 a barrel, $137 a barrel today. We predict it's going to go $200 a barrel if we don't get the supply side moving.  I will tell you if we have one action on the floor of the House to take and address the supply side, the price of a barrel of oil will drop automatically $10 to $15 a barrel. It might go back up later on. But it eliminates the speculation. It would show those that say we're not doing anything as we have not done for 35 years after the pipeline itself was built.  The Saudis, the Middle East, the OPEC countries will not increase production when they can get $137 a barrel. Why would they? Ask yourselves if you own something, why would you produce more to lower the price?  The only way we can do this is to increase our domestic supply, not only just oil, but all forms of fossil fuel and alternate forms of energy. And as the gentleman from Indiana mentioned, if we do not do that, we are not serving our constituents as we should.  It is the future of this Nation to allow the productions. Remember the quote I had right above the seat of the Speaker: Let's develop our resources.  As we celebrate this day, the 50th anniversary of the Alaska Statehood by an action of Congress, that's all we ask. Let us develop our resources. That's all I ask you now. Let us develop our resources for the good of this Nation. That is our responsibility. This is not politics. This is reality.  Again, for Mr. and Mrs. American, the price of oil and gasoline may not drop dramatically, but it will drop and it will stabilize if we address the supply side. If we do not, it will rise more, more, and more. Not good for the nation. Not good for the future generations.  