President, for just the eighth time in this country's history, the Senate has voted to impeach and remove a Federal judge from the bench. Impeachment is a serious, constitutional act intended not as a form of punishment, but rather as means of protecting the integrity of our system of government. This is particularly true when we consider the impeachment of members of the judiciary. Public confidence in our courts is fundamental to the functioning of our democracy. When a judge engages in conduct that grossly violates the public trust, he or she not only becomes incapable of fulfilling the responsibilities of the office, but also brings disrepute to the entire judicial system.  Prior to the Senate's vote on December 8, I voted three times to convict a Federal judge. In each instance, I carefully considered the facts in the case, as well as my constitutional obligations and the precedent being set for future generations. I have no doubt that just as we looked back to past impeachments to guide our actions in this proceeding, we now leave new precedent that others will look to for guidance and wisdom. For this reason, I wanted to elaborate on the constitutional issues presented during this impeachment trial and explain my decision to vote to convict Judge Porteous on all four Articles of Impeachment.  First, I should note that the impeachment trial against Mr. Porteous was bipartisan, and, I believe, unquestionably fair. The Senate Impeachment Trial Committee held 5 days of evidentiary hearings, with testimony received from 26 fact and expert witnesses. The record before the Senate is well developed, and most of the facts underlying the allegations against Mr. Porteous are uncontested. These facts demonstrate that Mr. Porteous engaged in conduct that compromised the administration of justice, brought disrepute to his office, and required his removal from the bench.  The first article of impeachment alleges that as a Federal judge, Mr. Porteous failed to recuse himself in the bench trial of Lifemark Hospitals of Louisiana, Inc. v. Liljeberg Enterprises, despite having previously engaged in a corrupt scheme with one of the attorneys before the court. The House managers established that as a State judge, Mr. Porteous assigned curatorship cases to two attorneys, one of whom was before him in the Liljeberg case, and had a portion of the fees, totaling approximately $20,000, funneled back to him. Not only did Mr. Porteous fail to disclose these facts or recuse himself from the case, he proceeded to solicit and accept $2,000 cash from those attorneys while the Liljeberg case was still under his advisement.  Out of concern for the public's confidence in our court system, I have frequently expressed disappointment about the lack of recusals by judges with conflicts of interest. There should be no doubt that recusals go to the heart of a judge's impartiality. In gross violation of his judicial ethics, Mr. Porteous engaged in a corrupt scheme with attorneys, solicited and accepted money from attorneys with pending matters before his court, and deprived the public and litigants of his honest services by failing to recuse himself.  The defense argued that article I should be dismissed because of the Supreme Court's recent ruling in Skilling. I am familiar with the Court's ruling, and have authored legislation in response to it. The Supreme Court's holding was about a specific criminal statute, not judicial conduct or impeachment standards. No reasonable judge would believe that soliciting and accepting cash payments from an attorney with a pending case would be allowable or would not be an obvious ground for recusal.  The notion that was raised by the defense that corrupt judges could not be impeached ignores the purpose of impeachment as it relates to public confidence in our justice system. The Constitution did not list a specific set of conduct that would result in impeachment. Instead, Senators should determine for themselves what conduct renders one unfit to hold public office. We must consider the type of duties that the impeached official is called upon to perform and whether the conduct engaged in impairs the official's ability to perform those duties. This analysis differs depending on the office and responsibilities of the official before us.  Article II alleges that as a State court judge, Mr. Porteous took numerous things of value and accepted personal services from a bail bondsman, while setting favorable bonds for his company. As a Federal judge, Mr. Porteous continued to receive things of value in exchange for using ``the power and prestige of his office'' to help these bondsmen form corrupt relationships with State court judges. The evidence showed a pattern before and after his Federal confirmation of capitalizing on his position of power to receive improper gifts. Moreover, as Professor Michael Gerhardt, who served as Special Counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee during the last two Supreme Court confirmations, testified before the House Task Force on Judicial Impeachment, the Constitution does not state that improper conduct must be committed during the tenure of the Federal office; rather, ``[t]he critical questions are whether Judge Porteous committed such misconduct and whether such misconduct demonstrates the lack of integrity and judgment that are required in order for him to continue to function [as a Federal judge].'' I agree with Professor Gerhardt on this fundamental question.  Certainly if the Senate learned after confirmation that a judge killed someone before he or she was confirmed, the Senate should not be prevented from later removing that judge. Similarly, the Senate should not be foreclosed from removing a judge for serious misconduct not revealed during the confirmation process that goes to the role of the judge. A lifetime appointment to the Federal judiciary does not entitle those unfit to serve to a lifetime of Federal salary and benefits. As chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I reject any notion of impeachment immunity if misconduct was hidden, or otherwise went undiscovered during the confirmation process, and it is relevant to a judge's ability to serve as an impartial arbiter.  With regard to the third article of impeachment, it is clear that Mr. Porteous knowingly and intentionally made material false statements and representations--including signing and filing under the name ``G.T. Orteous''--under penalty of perjury on his personal bankruptcy court filing. It is hard to imagine stronger evidence that this judge believed the law did not apply to him. A judge who lies under oath in court filings is unable to continue in an office that requires him to administer oaths and sit in judgment. Mr. Porteous's actions in his bankruptcy proceedings demonstrate a flagrant disregard for the courts as an institution, making him unfit to serve as a respected member of the judiciary.  The last article of impeachment against Mr. Porteous relates to his actions before the Senate Judiciary Committee. As chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I take the word of judicial nominees that come before our committee very seriously. The process for aiding the Senate in considering these lifetime appointments relies on being able to trust and evaluate the information provided to us by nominees, so it requires their utmost candor.  Mr. Porteous knowingly made material false statements about his past to the Senate by responding ``no'' to questions on his Senate Judiciary Committee questionnaire, and to the FBI in connection with his background review, in order to obtain office. His defense to article IV is that his conduct was ``business as usual'' in New Orleans and, therefore, he believed his responses to be true. Whether he made false statements is not purely a subjective inquiry; and most certainly not where his ``belief'' in the truth of hisstatements is in direct conflict with the factual knowledge on which it is based. I am convinced that Mr. Porteous's responses on the Senate questionnaire were material because had his solicitation and acceptance of cash and gifts from parties with matters before him been known to the Senate, he would not have been confirmed.  During the impeachment trial proceedings, I asked both the House managers and Mr. Porteous's defense attorneys the following question: ``The Senate Judiciary Committee requires a sworn statement as part of a detailed questionnaire by a nominee. Until this questionnaire is filed, neither the Judiciary Committee nor the Senate votes to advise and consent to the nomination. Would not perjury on that questionnaire during the confirmation process be an impeachable offense?'' Both sides unequivocally answered that perjury on the Senate questionnaire and during the confirmation process would be an impeachable offense.  As chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I am particularly offended by Mr. Porteous's intentional dishonesty and disrespect for the office to which he was confirmed, and for the entire confirmation process. When a judicial nominee testifies before the Senate Judiciary Committee, they must be completely forthright and honor the promises or statements they make to us. Once confirmed, Federal judges have lifetime appointments. Impeachment is a drastic measure, but one we must take when a nominee conceals serious wrongdoing.  The House managers presented uncontested facts that Mr. Porteous engaged in conduct that violated the public trust and is now unfit to be a district court judge, or hold any other public office. Both sides were well represented in this proceeding, and I thank them for their advocacy and professionalism.  