Beryl Howell has been confirmed to fill a vacancy on the District Court for the District of Columbia. Many of us on the Judiciary Committee remember her from the 10 years she served as my general counsel and as one of the most effective members of our Judiciary Committee staff. With her background as a highly decorated Federal prosecutor, she worked on issues ranging from criminal justice and national security, to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the Anti-Cybersquatting Consumer Protection Act, and the No Electronic Theft Act. She worked on the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act and the computer fraud and abuse statute, and on important oversight matters including the Judiciary Committee's bipartisan hearings on Ruby Ridge that led to improvements at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, FBI. She also played important roles in electronic freedom of information initiatives, which earned her induction into the Freedom of Information Act Hall of Fame.  When I had the chance to introduce Ms. Howell to the committee at her hearing in July, I discussed her impressive background before she joined the committee staff. She grew up in a proud military family. She was awarded her undergraduate degree with honors in philosophy from Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania, and earned her law degree at Columbia University School of Law, where she was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar. She clerked for Judge Dickinson Debevoise on the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey.  Having worked as a student assistant in a U.S. Attorney's Office, she joined the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York in 1987, working there almost 6 years, rising to be the Deputy Chief of the Narcotics Section. Her grand jury investigations and prosecutions included complex public corruption, narcotics, and money laundering cases.  Descriptions of her cases read like crime novels. She successfully prosecuted the leadership of a Chinatown gang, called the Flying Dragons, for heroin trafficking, and extradited the head of the gang after he fled to Hong Kong. She successfully prosecuted a group of Colombian drug dealers and arrested the gang members just as they were packing almost $20 million in cash from narcotics proceeds into a hidden compartment of a truck to smuggle it out of the country. Then some of these defendants attempted a prison escape by bribing officials, and she successfully prosecuted the perpetrators of the escape plan. She also handled the successful investigation and prosecution of over 20 corrupt New York City building inspectors engaged in extortion.  Ms. Howell's work was recognized by her twice being awarded the U.S. Attorney Special Achievement Award for Sustained Superior Performance, by commendations from the FBI, DEA, and the New York City Department of Investigation, and ultimately by the prestigious Attorney General's Director's Award for Superior Performance. I always felt lucky to have hired her.  Ms. Howell's career since she left us 7 years ago has been equally impressive. She established the Washington, DC, office of a consulting and technical services firm specializing in digital forensics, computer fraud, and abuse investigations as the Executive Managing Director and general counsel of Stroz Friedberg. While in the private sector, she received the FBI Director's Award for her work assisting in a Government cyber-extortion investigation.  Ms. Howell has twice been confirmed by the Senate to serve as a member of the bipartisan U.S. Sentencing Commission, to which she was appointed by President Bush. She contributed to the Sentencing Commission report that led to our breakthrough this year with Senate passage of historic legislation that Senator Durbin crafted to end sentencing disparities, the Fair Sentencing Act.  She and her husband have raised their three children in the District and are long-time citizens here. That involvement, her public service background, and her steadfast commitment to justice make her an ideal nominee. I commend President Obama for choosing to nominate her. I thank the committee for acting to favorably report her nomination unanimously in September. I am glad the Senate has now followed suit and confirmed her unanimously to serve all the people of the District of Columbia fairly and impartially as a U.S. district court judge.  Mr. McCONNELL. Madam President, I am pleased the Senate in this Congress was able to make good progress on filling judicial vacancies, especially those vacancies that the Democratic majority unfortunately and sometimes inexplicably failed to fill during the last 2 years of the Bush Administration.  The progress we have made is especially noteworthy given the demands placed upon the Judiciary Committee by having to process not one, but two, Supreme Court nominations. The Sotomayor and Kagan nominations together took approximately 6 months of the Committee's time. Nevertheless, the Senate was able to confirm a total of 60 lower court nominations in this Congress, including 19 nominations while the Kagan nomination was pending. By comparison, the last time the Senate had to process two Supreme Court nominations in the same Congress, which were the Roberts and Alito nominations during the 109th Congress, the Senate was able to fill only 51 lower court judicial vacancies, and it confirmed far fewer lower court nominations while the Roberts and Altio nominations were pending.  This Congress was also able to fill some long-standing vacancies, especially on our courts of appeals. At the end of the Bush administration, therewere 15 judicial emergencies; this Congress was able to fill 10 of those 15 judicial emergencies, including numerous judicial emergencies on our circuit courts. The Fourth Circuit is illustrative of the commitment of Senate Republicans to work in a bipartisan fashion to this end.  At the end of the last Congress, the Fourth Circuit was almost one-third vacant, despite the fact that President Bush had nominated outstanding candidates for these positions. These nominees enjoyed strong home State support, including some with strong bi-partisan, home-state support. Yet our Democratic friends refused to move these nominations. By contrast, this Congress put partisanship aside and filled all four of these vacancies, giving badly-needed relief to a long suffering Federal circuit.  We could have made more progress still. But unfortunately, the President failed to put forth, and the Democratic Majority failed to move, nominations for the vast majority of the current federal vacancies. Specifically, the President has failed to even nominate individuals for most of the current district court vacancies, putting forth only 34 nominations, even though there are 76 vacancies. And of those district court nominations he has put forth, 18 of them remain in the Democratic-controlled Judiciary Committee. The story is similar for our circuit courts: there are 16 vacancies there, but the White House has failed to even nominate candidates for seven of those vacancies. And of those circuit court nominations he has made, 6 remain in the Judiciary Committee. All told, of the current vacancies on our Federal courts 80 percent of these seats remain vacant because the President either has not nominated anyone, or our Democratic colleagues have not processed the ones he has nominated.  Which brings us to the judicial nominations remaining on the Senate floor. Four of these nominations are very controversial. Their statements, writings, and records show a willingness to put their own views ahead of the dictates of the law and the Constitution. As a result, Senate Republicans are not prepared to consent to their confirmation, or to a process that will facilitate their confirmation.  The remaining 15 nominations pending on the Senate floor were not reported out of the Judiciary Committee until the waning days of this Congress. This is unfortunate. Most of these nominations are to fill vacancies that have existed for years; in some cases, for 2 or 3 years, or even longer. I do not know why these nominations were not reported out of the Judiciary Committee until December. While we were worked diligently in the lameduck session to fill numerous judicial vacancies--confirming 19 judicial nominees total--we were not able to process the remaining 15 nominations that the committee approved late in this year.  But our record of confirming judicial nominations in this lameduck Congress certainly compares favorably to the progress that was made on judicial nominations in other lameduck Congresses. In the lameduck session of the last Congress, the Senate did not confirm any judicial nominees. Thirty judicial nominations were not acted upon in that session, despite the urgent need for judges on places like the Fourth Circuit. In the lameduck session of the Congress before that, our Democratic colleagues did not consent to confirming any judicial nominees; the one judicial nomination that occurred in the lameduck session of the 109th Congress was achieved by the Republican majority filing cloture on a nominee. Cloture was invoked on that nomination by a vote of 93 to 0, and he was confirmed. But 38 other judicial nominations were not acted upon in that Congress, including 15 who were ripe for action on the Senate floor. In the lameduck session of the 108th Congress, only 3 nominations were confirmed, all to the district court. Almost two dozen judicial nominations were not acted upon in that lameduck session, including several who were pending on the Senate floor. In fact, the last time a Senate confirmed as many judicial nominations in a lameduck session of Congress as were confirmed in the lameduck session of this Congress was in 2002, when 20 judicial nominees were confirmed at the end of the 107th Congress.  I am hopeful we can continue to work in a bipartisan fashion in the next Congress on judicial nominations and that the President will join us in that effort by not nominating or re-nominating judicial nominees who show a willingness to follow their own beliefs, rather than the requirements of the law.  