President, I congratulate the Senate for enacting the Daniel Pearl Freedom of the Press Act, H.R. 3714, a bill to strengthen and protect press freedoms around the world. I am proud to cosponsor the Senate companion to this bill, S. 1739.  I congratulate and commend my good friend, Senator Dodd, for his leadership on this bill and for his longstanding commitment to freedom of the press. I have worked closely with Senator Dodd for many years on legislation to establish a Federal shield law for journalists, and I am pleased that the Judiciary Committee recently reported Federal shield legislation. I also commend Representative Adam Schiff for championing this important legislation in the House of Representatives.  The Daniel Pearl Freedom of the Press Act will amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to require the Secretary of State to include information about freedom of the press practices in other countries in the Annual Country Reports on Human Rights Practices. The bill will also require that this report identify countries in which there are violations of freedom of the press, such as physical attacks on journalists, imprisonment, and censorship by foreign governments.  The Committee to Protect Journalists reported that more journalists have been killed around the world in 2009 than in any other year since that organization first started tracking this data in 1981. This troubling report demonstrates that the press freedoms that we often take for granted at home are in danger of being snuffed out in many other parts of the world. I believe that this bill will help to reverse this trend and to signal to the world community that the United States is committed to ensuring freedom of the press at home and abroad.  Thomas Jefferson once wrote in a letter to fellow Founding Father John Adams that ``[t]he light which has been shed on mankind by the art of printing has eminently changed the condition of the world . . . And while printing is preserved, it can no more recede than the sun return on his course.'' Although these words were written almost two centuries ago, the critical role of a free and vibrant press is no less significant today. Again, I congratulate the lead sponsors of this important legislation for their commitment to freedom of the press. I urge the President to promptly sign this important legislation into law.  