The distinguished Presiding Officer would know about this because he has had probably the best attendance of anybody, including the chairman, on the Senate Judiciary Committee, and he has handled a number of these nominations.  We are going to proceed today on only 1 of the 22 judicial nominations that have been stalled on the Senate floor by Republican obstruction. This is a nominee we considered and voted out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously 3 months ago without objection.  Just so everybody will understand, even after being nominated to serve on a court, these well-qualified nominees have to put their lives on hold. We have the hearing, they go through the committee unanimously, but then they wait and wait on the Senate floor. If the nominee is practicing law they cannot take on new clients. If they are with a law firm, they have a hard time taking new cases as the law firm needs to avoid any conflict of interest.  I cannot understand why this obstruction is happening. I have never seen anything like this in my 36 years in the Senate. No Republican Senator on the Judiciary Committee voted against this nomination. There are another dozen judicial nominations on the Senate's Executive Calendar that were reported by the Judiciary Committee without objection, but they remain stalled by a Republican refusal to consent to final Senate action.  I tell people in my home State of Vermont I am sent here to vote yes or no, not to vote maybe. It seems to me everybody wants to vote maybe. There is no good reason each of these pending nominations could not be confirmed immediately. With so many nominations, despite ongoing vacancies and the need in the Northern District of Illinois for this judge, 3 months have passed without any explanation.  I predict that when we have the rollcall on this nomination it will be confirmed with virtually no opposition, which makes it even more tragic. Also, it hurts the Federal judiciary. It hurts the credibility of the Federal judiciary. But I might say, especially on something like this, where the Senate Republican leadership would not even consent to a vote on the nomination until today, this certainly hurts the image of the Senate. People cannot understand why, when we have something on which everybody agrees, why it cannot come to a vote.  We have the Senate Republican leadership refusing to enter into time agreements on pending judicial nominations that have the support from both Democrats and Republicans, including nominations with bipartisan support from North Carolina and Tennessee and South Carolina and California and New York and Delaware and Virginia and Utah, Maryland, Minnesota, and Rhode Island. Every single Democrat is prepared to vote on these nominations. They could vote on them tonight and are prepared to vote now. However, they continue to be held up by Republicans.  So I tell the people of North Carolina and Tennessee, South Carolina and California and New York and Delaware and Virginia and Utah and Maryland and Minnesota and Rhode Island, if you are wondering where your judges are, they are being held up not by the Democrats but by the Republicans.  In fact, the Senate is dramatically behind the pace I set for President Bush's judicial nominees in 2001 and 2002. In 2002, the second year of the Bush administration, the Democratic Senate majority's hard work led to the confirmation of 72 Federal circuit and district judges nominated by a President from the other party. In this second year of the Obama administration, we have confirmed just 23 so far--72 for President Bush, 23 for President Obama.  In the first 2 years of the Bush administration, we confirmed 100 Federal circuit and district court judges. So far, in the first 2 years of the Obama administration, the Republican leadership has successfully blocked all but 35 of President Obama's Federal circuit and district court nominees--100 to 35.  Playing games with the Federal judiciary hurts everybody. During the first 2 years of President Bush's Presidency, I had the opportunity to serve for 17 months of as Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. I knew we had just come from a time where Republicans had pocket-filibustered 61 of President Clinton's nominees to the judiciary. I said we ought to try stopping that, so in those 17 months that I had the privilege to serve as chairman, I convinced the people in my caucus and others and we confirmed 100 of President Bush's nominees.  I mention this because in the first 48 months of President Bush's Presidency, actually barely half of that time, 17 months of that 48 months, there were Democrats in charge. For 31 months of this time there were Republicans in charge. During the 17 months that theDemocrats were in charge, we confirmed 100 of President Bush's nominees. During the 31 months the Republicans were in charge I think they confirmed around the same number. So we showed our good faith, even though we had seen 61 of the Democratic President's nominees pocket-filibustered.  At this date in President Clinton's second year in office the Senate had confirmed 72 of his Federal circuit and district court nominees. At this date in President Bush's second year in office, 57. Of course, we confirmed 100 in all by the end of the year.  Federal judicial vacancies around the country continue to hover around 100. Of these, 43 vacancies have been declared by the nonpartisan Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts to be judicial emergencies. I cannot remember a time when we have had 43 judicial emergencies.  Sharon Coleman has been nominated to fill one of them, but we have had to wait 3 months just to get to a vote on her. Ten nominations to fill other judicial emergency vacancies have been reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and they remain stalled in the Senate. Last year, when Senate Republicans blocked President Obama's nominees, we confirmed the fewest judges in 50 years, the fewest judges from any President, Republican or Democratic, in 50 years.  Speaking of another nominee, I said to President Obama when he asked why they were blocking everything he tried to do, I said: If you had nominated Moses the Lawgiver, there would be some who would try to block the nomination. In fact, I said, at least somebody would say: Well, he can't produce a birth certificate.  This is playing games with the Federal judiciary. I don't know what the benefits are. It certainly does not make the Senate look good. When you think the Senate Republican leadership last year allowed only 12 Federal circuit and district court nominees to be considered and confirmed, despite the availability of many more for final action--that is wrong. They have continued their obstruction throughout this year. By every measure, this Republican obstructionism of our Federal judiciary is a disaster for the Federal courts and the American people. But the good thing is Sharon Coleman is going to be confirmed today. After these unnecessary delays, she will be confirmed, and I congratulate Sharon Coleman and her family on her confirmation.  She is currently a justice on the Illinois Appellate Court of Chicago, having served previously as a judge on the Circuit Court of Cook County, IL, as Deputy State's Attorney and Bureau Chief for the Public Interest Bureau of the Cook County State's Attorney's Office, as an assistant U.S. attorney in the Northern District of Illinois, and as an assistant State's attorney in Cook County.  The American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated Justice Coleman ``well qualified.'' That is the highest possible rating they could give her.  After she is confirmed, and she will be, there will be still 21 judicial nominations favorably reported by the Judiciary Committee that have been stalled from Senate consideration by the Senate Republican leadership. For many months I have urged the Republican leader to work with the majority leader to schedule immediate votes on consensus nominees. Going forward, we will have many who will be confirmed by our committee unanimously. We ought to get them to the Senate floor and vote on them. The Senate needs to be making better progress considering the many pending judicial nomination awaiting final Senate action.  I see the distinguished Senator from Illinois. I assume he wishes to speak, and I will yield the floor to him.  