 This afternoon, the Senate is going to finally consider and finally vote on the nomination of Jane Stranch of Tennessee to the Sixth Circuit. She is a native of Nashville, TN. She has practiced law in that community for 32 years. She has often appeared before the Sixth Circuit, the court to which she is now nominated. Ms. Stranch has decades of experience in labor and employment law. Actually, that is an expertise she made useful when she taught a class on labor law at Nashville's Belmont University.  Ms. Stranch also has an active appellate practice, as well as significant experience with alternative forms of dispute resolution, such as mediation and arbitration. She is a leader in her community. She dedicates significant time to pro bono work, and that is something I always look for in a nominee. She dedicates significant time also to civic matters and her church. She has impressive academic credentials. She earned both her JD, Order of the Coif, and her BA, summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa, from Vanderbilt University.  Her nomination is supported by her home State Senators, both Republicans. Her nomination was reported by a bipartisan majority of the Judiciary Committee last November. That was nearly 10 months ago. Since then, every single Democratic Senator has said--actually they did right from the time she was reported--they were prepared to debate and vote on this nomination. I have spoken many times about the Democrats' willingness and the need to consider this nomination.  In mid-July, I came before the Senate to take the extraordinary step of propounding a unanimous consent request to consider this nomination because at that time we had waited months and months and months and months, and I felt she should be given a chance to have a vote.  The senior Senator from Tennessee, who I see on the floor now, supported that request. I made very clear at that time--and I will make very clear again today--that in no way do I fault the senior Senator from Tennessee for the delay. In fact, he has supported this nomination from the outset. He spoke to me in favor of the nomination at the time it came before the committee. He spoke to me in favor of the nomination when it was before the committee and immediately after it came out of the committee. He has been most supportive all the way through.  Indeed, I think this nomination is an example of how President Obama has reached out and worked with Senators from both sides of the aisle. But I made that request after she had been waiting 8 months for just a vote--for a vote up or down. But after being pending on the Executive Calendar for those 8 months, there was an objection to my request to at least let us go ahead and vote.  Now, I thank the Senate majority leader and the Republican leader for facilitating the agreement that finally allows her consideration this evening. I hope now the Senate will be allowed to turn to the other judicial nominations that have been stalled before the Senate.  One nomination is that of Albert Diaz from North Carolina to the Fourth Circuit, for example. It was reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee, but it has been stalled since January--since the snows of January.  Others include Scott Matheson of Utah, nominated to the Tenth Circuit, and Janet Murguia of Arizona, nominated to the Ninth Circuit. I mention these because they are all supported by their Republican home State Senators, and they were reported by the Judiciary Committee unanimously, with no objections. It is hard to see how, when they are supported by Republicans in their State--the President has reached out to them, gotten their support--and they go out of the Judiciary Committee with no objections, they then sit here forever.  Another is Ray Lohier of New York, whose nomination to the Second Circuit was reported without objection. In addition, there are 12 district court nominations on the Senate Calendar that should be considered and confirmed without further delay. They were reported as long as 7 months ago.  A number of recent newspaper articles have discussed the judicial vacancy crisis that has been created by the Republican strategy of slow-walking the Senate's consideration of noncontroversial nominations. Remember,these are all people who, when they finally get a vote after waiting months and months and months, usually get a unanimous vote. These include district court nominations, which are traditionally considered without delays, and they have never been targeted for obstruction by Democrats or Republicans when they have been supported by their home State Senators. Last year, the Senate was allowed to confirm only 12 Federal circuit and district court judges all year. That was the lowest total in more than 50 years. So far this year, we have confirmed only 28 more and achieved what one recent news story noted is the lowest number of confirmations in more than 40 years.  I took serious note of the remarks of Justice Anthony Kennedy--a Justice nominated by a Republican President--who spoke last month at the Ninth Circuit conference about the cost of skyrocketing judicial vacancies not only in California but throughout the country. He said:       It's important for the public to understand that the      excellence of the federal judiciary is at risk.  He further noted that:       If judicial excellence is cast upon a sea of congressional      indifference, the rule of law is imperiled.  I hope all Senators will heed Justice Kennedy's serious warning because he is absolutely correct. We should not let partisan calculations stand in the way of doing our job for the American people.  If, in fact, the action we are taking this evening represents a bipartisan willingness to return to the Senate's tradition of offering advice and consent without extensive delay, then I welcome it. Because in my 36 years in the Senate, I have never seen anything to match the delays we have seen over the last year and a half, under either Democratic or Republican Presidents. I hope we will promptly consider the other 63 nominations that remain on the Executive Calendar, which have already been considered and favorably reported by the Judiciary Committee.  I remember President Bush's first year in office. I became chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee halfway through that year. Many said: Well, after Senate Republicans had pocket-filibustered more than 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominations, then we should do the same to President Bush. I said, No; I don't want that kind of tit for tat. Because of the 60 pocket filibusters by the Republicans of President Clinton's nominations, judicial vacancies skyrocketed to more than 110. So what I did, during the only 17 months as chairman of the committee during President Bush's first 3 years in office, is I worked hard and we proceeded in that 17 months to confirm 100 of his judicial nominations. I did that in 17 months. I contrast this to the first 2 years of President Obama's term. Senate Republicans have allowed only 40 Federal circuit and district court nominees to be considered by the Senate.  The history of the Sixth Circuit is detailed in my July 29, 2002, Senate statement in support of another Tennessee nominee, Judge Julia Gibbons. As chairman, I proceeded to a confirmation hearing for Judge Gibbons in April of 2002. That was the first hearing for a Sixth Circuit nominee in 5 years. Republicans refused to hold any hearings for a Sixth Circuit nomination prior to that because they were made by a Democratic President, President Clinton. He nominated Judge Helene White, an experienced State court judge. They refused to hold a hearing. He nominated Kathleen McCree Lewis, an accomplished attorney and the daughter of former Solicitor General of the United States and former Sixth Circuit Judge Wade McCree. They refused. When the President nominated Kent Markus, a law professor and a former Justice Department official who had the support of his Republican home State Senator, they refused. By proceeding with President Bush's 2002 Sixth Circuit nomination of Judge Julia Gibbons of Tennessee and then his nomination of Judge Rogers of Kentucky, I wished to break that logjam and chose a better way of doing it.  When I resumed the chairmanship of the Judiciary Committee in 2007, we were able to fill the last remaining vacancies on the Sixth Circuit when we confirmed President Bush's nominations of Judge Helene White and Judge Ray Kethledge of Michigan to the Sixth Circuit. So after Republicans kept the Sixth Circuit vacant all those years by pocket-filibustering President Clinton's nominations, Democrats worked with a Republican President to bring it back to full. In fact, overall, judicial vacancies were reduced during the Bush years from more than 10 percent, caused by the pocket-filibustering of 60 of President Clinton's nominees, to less than 4 percent. But now, because of the blocking of President Obama's nominees, judicial vacancies are now again over 10 percent. Mind you, during the Clinton years, Federal Circuit vacancies doubled because of the pocket-filibustering by the Republicans. During the Bush years, the Federal circuit court vacancies reduced from a high of 32 down to single digits. We have not had the same cooperation on the Republican side with President Obama.  During the Bush years, Democrats enabled the reduction of vacancies in nine circuits. Since then, vacancies in six circuits have risen. During the first 2 years of the Bush administration, the 100 judges confirmed and considered by the Senate--and this is when I was chairman and President Bush was President, during his first 2 years--we considered these judges an average of 25 days after being reported by the Judiciary Committee. The average time for confirming circuit court nominees was 26 days. By contrast, the average time for the Federal circuit and district court judges confirmed since President Obama took office is 90 days after being reported. The average time for circuit nominees is 147 days. Contrast this with when it was not unusual during President Bush's time when we would report them out one day and had them confirmed within 2 or 3 days thereafter.  It would be one thing if he made nominations opposed by home State Senators. President Obama has not. Typically, he has reached out. He was worked with home State Senators in both parties. Likewise, I have respected the minority. I have not brought up people who did not have the support of their Republican home State Senators. We have tried to strengthen the cooperation between the parties and branches. Frankly, it is disappointing that the others take the opposite approach. Again, I have been here with half a dozen different Democratic leaders and Republican leaders and half a dozen different Presidents. I have never seen anything such as this.  There is no good reason to hold up consideration, for weeks and months, of nominees who have been reported unanimously from the Judiciary Committee, where every Republican, every Democrat reported them favorably. In fact, over the recent recess, tensions increased again when someone from the Republican side of the aisle anonymously--didn't even come forward and say who it was--anonymously objected to the standard practice of holding nominations in place during the August recess and insisted that five judicial nominees who had been reported favorably be returned to the President. Ironically, it was just days before that objection that the President and the Republican leader met and agreed to work together. I remember when Republicans used to contend that any nomination reported by the committee, whether unanimous or otherwise, was entitled to an up-or-down vote. That was then. I guess this is now. Indeed, 24 judicial nominations favorably reported by the Senate Judiciary Committee have not been acted upon by the Senate--24--because Republicans have objected.  We have fallen well off the pace we set for nominations in 2001 and 2002. When the Senate entered its August recess in 2002, we had confirmed 72 of President Bush's circuit and district court nominations, including our confirming 8 nominations by voice vote as the Senate wrapped up before the recess. I am rather proud of that because I had been chairman for barely 12 months when we did those 72. Only 6 nominations remained on the Executive Calendar, and all of them were later confirmed. No judicial nominations were returned to President Bush. By this date in 2002, we had already confirmed five more judicial nominations after the August recess, for a total of 77 of President Bush's district and circuit nominees confirmed by a Democratic Senate.  What has happened? What has happened? Democrats do not say we aregoing to take revenge after what was done to President Clinton by a then Republican majority. We said we will move forward on these because the Federal judiciary should be separate from politics. They should be able to go forward. We can have elections and we can go and fight each other during elections and the voters will decide that one of us will get elected and one will not, but the Federal judiciary should be outside of that kind of politics.  So unlike those 77 of President Bush's district and circuit court nominees by this time, we have confirmed only 40 of President Obama's circuit and district court nominations. In fact, we were permitted only four noncontroversial nominations as we headed into recess. Five judicial nominations were sent back to the President. So as a result, 17 judicial nominations remain stalled on the Executive Calendar today. It has been different, I would say, in the Judiciary Committee itself, and I thank the ranking Republican, Senator Sessions. He has cooperated with me and worked with me during the whole process of hearings in considering nominations in the Judiciary Committee. He knows I have respected and protected every single Republican on that committee when they have asked for extra time or asked for extra information. But the bottom line is, the Senate has taken more than five times as long to consider President Obama's reported circuit court nominations than we did to consider President Bush's during his first 2 years in office. It is not fair to the Senate judiciary. It is not fair to the nominees. They can't go forward with their lives while this is pending. They have a law practice. Everything is on hold for month after month after month. As we know, there are people who have turned down nominations because they said: Why should we wait for a year or so, even though we are going to get confirmed unanimously after that time.  As I have said, if the consent to schedule this debate and vote today is a signal that other nominations reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee will also be scheduled for final consideration without further unnecessary delay, I will be encouraged. We can, and must, do a better job responding to the judicial vacancy crisis.  I spoke a little longer than I normally would, but I am going to be speaking to the judiciary conference tomorrow at the invitation of Chief Justice John Roberts. I know the concern from the judges is why these people get nominated and then they wait for months or never get confirmed. Again, I would say, in this regard, it has been a joy to work with the senior Senator from Tennessee, somebody I have known in his role as Governor and Cabinet member. I consider him a good friend. If it had been left to just the two of us, this would have been done months and months ago.  So I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Burris). The Senator from Tennessee is recognized.  