President, the Senate will finally vote on the nomination of Carlton W. Reeves to fill an emergency vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi. Currently a partner in a Jackson, MI, law firm, Mr. Reeves is a former Federal prosecutor. Both of his Republican home State Senators, Senator Cochran and Senator Wicker, introduced Mr. Reeves at his confirmation hearing, and they emphasized his outstanding reputation in the Jackson legal community, as well as the bipartisan nature of the Mississippi delegation's support for this fine nominee. The Judiciary Committee reported his nomination on August 5 with the support of all but 1 of its 19 members. That was more than 4 months ago. Senate consideration and confirmation of his nomination has been delayed for months with for no good reason. When he is finally confirmed, Mr. Reeves will become only the second African-American Federal district judge in Mississippi. He will fulfill the pledge made by President Bush that went unfilled.  After the confirmations today, there remain more than two dozen Federal circuit and district court nominations favorably reported by the Judiciary Committee, most of the unanimously, also ready for consideration and a final vote. The practice used to be for the Senate to confirm and confirm consensus nominees within days of their being favorably considered by the Judiciary Committee, certainly those reported without opposition. No longer. Courtrooms are being kept vacant for months and months while justice is, at best, delayed.  During the first 2 years of the administration of President George W. Bush, a Democratic Senate majority proceeded to vote on 100 of his judicial nominations. That included controversial circuit court nominations reported during the lameduck session in 2002. In contrast, during this first Congress of President Obama's administration, the Senate has been allowed to consider just over 50 of the 80 nominations fully considered and reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee.  I congratulate Mr. Reeves and his family on his confirmation today. This day was a long time coming.  