President, amendment No. 4245 to H.R. 4899, the fiscal year 2010 supplemental appropriations bill, provides the Department of State with authority to transfer up to $300,000,000 between the ``Diplomatic and Consular Programs'' and ``Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance'' accounts in chapter 10 of the bill, to respond to potential increases in the cost of security for civilian personnel. This authority is not intended to be used to support site development or construction of permanent consulates or other such facilities.  Mr. President, I want to speak briefly about a heinous crime that occurred in El Salvador that has yet to be solved. On June 18, 2009, Gustavo Marcelo Rivera, an activist and community leader from the city of San Isidro, Cabaas, was kidnapped. His tortured remains were found on July 1 at the bottom of a dry well in the village of Agua Zarca. The cause of death apparently was asphyxiation, and evidence reportedly indicated that his kidnappers may have kept him alive for several days before murdering him.  It is my understanding that four suspects, gang members, have been identified by the Attorney General's office as key suspects in the crime. Apparently, the prosecutor's hypothesis is that Mr. Rivera was with these gang members and was killed after a heated argument; in other words, that his death was a common crime, not a political assassination.  There is reason to suspect otherwise. Mr. Rivera was a well known community leader. He was the founder and director of the Casa de la Cultura in San Isidro, a member of the departmental board of the FMLN party, and the director of the Association of Friends of San Isidro Cabaas. He had been a defender of the environment, and he was outspoken in his opposition to industrial mining by the Canadian mining company Pacific Rim in San Isidro. In addition, I am informed that during the January 2009 municipal elections, Mr. Rivera and other leaders denounced suspected electoral fraud in his municipality. As a result of his activism, Mr. Rivera was the target of threats and accusations and someone reportedly tried to run over him with a car. In addition, the brutal manner in which he was tortured and killed suggests that this was a premeditated crime that may have been intended as a warning to other community activists.  Crimes like this are all too common in El Salvador today, and they concern not only the Salvadoran people but those of us who follow developments in that country. Rarely are competent investigations performed, and almost never is anyone convicted and punished. Impunity is the norm.  I urge the Attorney General to conduct a thorough, transparent, and credible investigation to ensure that not only those who tortured and killed Mr. Rivera are brought to justice, but anyone who may have ordered such a heinous crime is also prosecuted and punished. Democracy is fragile in El Salvador and it cannot survive without a functioning justice system and responsible judicial authorities who have the people's confidence.  I have strongly supported assistance for El Salvador. In the supplemental appropriations bill we have been debating this week, I included $25,000,000 for El Salvador to help rebuild schools, roads, and other infrastructure that was damaged or destroyed during Hurricane Ida last November. Some 150 Salvadorans lost their lives in that disaster. Those funds were not requested by the President in the supplemental bill. I included them because I felt we should help El Salvador rebuild.  But I also feel strongly about justice in El Salvador, whose people suffered from years of civil war during the 1980s. Human rights defenders, journalists, and community activists are increasingly threatened and killed. How the Rivera case is resolved will be a measure of whether the Government of El Salvador is serious about defending the rights of its citizens who courageously speak out against injustice, and upholding the rule of law.  