She has the support of her home State Senators. She has the support of Virginians from both parties, and many others. She was approved unanimously by the Senate Judiciary Committee over 4 months ago.  I suspect that like the confirmations of Judge Viken, Judge Lange, Judge Berger, Judge Honeywell, Judge Reiss, Judge Kallon, Judge Nguyen, Judge Seeborg, Judge Gee, Judge Peterson, Judge Martin and Judge Greenaway, this nomination could well be approved unanimously. Instead, in what has become a sorry and unacceptable attitude on the part of Republicans, she has been filibustered. This nomination should have been approved unanimously. We will now have to vote to bring cloture on something that would normally have been done on a voice vote. I am willing to predict she will get an overwhelming vote when they finally allow us to vote on her.  Because of what has happened with these filibusters, the Senate is far behind where we should be in filling judicial vacancies, vacancies that skyrocketed to be more than 100 and more have been announced. We need to do better. The American people deserve better.  Here it is, March 2. On March 2 of President Bush's first term the Senate had confirmed 39 Federal circuit and district court nominations. We, the Democrats, were in the majority. We moved very hard to get those 39 through. That included the period of the 9/11 attacks and the anthrax attack upon the Senate. In spite of all the obstacles, by March 2, Senate Democrats had moved forward to help confirm 39 of President Bush's judicial nominees.  Although the Senate Judiciary Committee has favorably reported 29 of President Obama's Federal circuit and district court nominees to the Senate for final consideration, because of Republican obstruction, the Senate has confirmed only 15 Federal circuit and district court nominees. So, by March 2 of the second year of President Bush's first term, 39; by March 2 of the second year of President Obama's Presidency, 15. That is more than 60 percent fewer. This is despite the fact that President Obama began sending judicial nominations to the Senate 2 months earlier than President Bush, after President Obama's 13 months in office the Senate is has confirmed only 15 Federal circuit and district court judges.  The judiciary is supposed to be out of partisan politics. This is really unacceptable. In fact, I note that during 17 months of President Bush's first term when the Democrats were in charge, we confirmed 100 of his judges. During 31 months with the Republicans in charge, they confirmed approximately 100. We worked very hard to help President Bush though.  The return, instead, is that the Republicans have filibustered nominees, judicial nominees who, when they finally get a vote, get a unanimous vote. This has created a real crisis in the judiciary. Last year's total was the fewest judicial nominees confirmed in the first year of a Presidency in more than 50 years. Those 12 Federal circuit and district court confirmations were even below the 17 the Senate Republican majority allowed to be confirmed in the 1996 session. After that Presidential election year, Chief Justice Rehnquist began criticizing the pace of judicial confirmations and the partisan Republican tactics. I hope the Chief Justice would do what Chief Justice Rehnquist, another Republican did when Republicans were slowing up judicial nominations, and speak to the need to do this.  I have spoken repeatedly to Senate leaders on both sides of the aisle and I made the following proposal: Agree to immediate votes on those judicialnominees who have been reported by the Senate Judiciary Committee without dissent and agree to time agreements to debate and vote on the others.  We are making a mockery of the Federal judiciary by bringing in such needless partisan politics. This is my 36th year and I have been here with both Republicans and Democrats in the majority, with both Republican and Democratic Presidents. I have never seen anything like this in 36 years. It involves the judiciary in partisan politics in a way that is unprecedented, but it also shames the Senate. The American people are right to ask why they are doing this. It makes no sense.  Among the frustrations is that Senate Republicans have delayed and obstructed nominees chosen after consultation with Republican home state Senators. Despite President Obama's efforts, Senate Republicans have treated his nominees much, much worse.  I noted when the Senate considered the nominations of Judge Christina Reiss of Vermont and Mr. Abdul Kallon of Alabama relatively promptly that they should serve as the model for Senate action. Sadly, they are the exception rather than the model. They show what the Senate could do, but does not. Time and again, noncontroversial nominees are delayed. When the Senate does finally consider them, they are confirmed overwhelmingly. Of the 15 Federal circuit and district court judges confirmed, 12 have been confirmed unanimously.  That is right. Republicans have only voted against 3 of President Obama's nominees to the Federal circuit and district courts. One of those, Judge Gerry Lynch of the Second Circuit, garnered only three negative votes and 94 votes in favor. Judge Andre Davis of Maryland was stalled for months and then confirmed with 72 votes in favor and only 16 against. Judge David Hamilton was filibustered in a failed effort to prevent an up-or-down vote.  The obstruction and delay is part of a partisan pattern. Even when they cannot say ``no,'' Republicans nonetheless demand that the Senate go slow. The practice is continuing. This is the 17th filibuster of President Obama's nominees. That does not count the many other nominees who were delayed or are being denied up-or-down votes by Senate Republicans refusing to agree to time agreements to consider even noncontroversial nominees.  Senate Republicans unsuccessfully filibustered the nomination of Judge David Hamilton of Indiana to the Seventh Circuit, despite support for his nomination from the senior Republican in the Senate, Dick Lugar of Indiana. Republicans delayed for months Senate consideration of Judge Beverly Martin of Georgia to the Eleventh Circuit, despite her endorsement from both her Republican home State Senators. When Republicans finally agreed to her consideration on January 20, she was confirmed unanimously. Whether Jeffrey Viken or Roberto Lange of South Dakota, who were supported by Senator Thune, or Charlene Edwards Honeywell of Florida, who was supported by Senators Martinez and LeMieux, virtually all of President Obama's nominees have been prevented prompt Senate action by Republican objections.  But instead of making progress by promptly considering Justice Keenan's noncontroversial nomination, we are now facing yet another Republican filibuster. There is no explanation for these delays, nor could there be. Justice Keenan is currently a justice on the Supreme Court of Virginia; she has an impressive judicial background. She has been a judge for the last 29 years--half of her life--and has served on each of the four levels of the Virginia State courts. If confirmed, Justice Keenan would be the first woman from Virginia to serve on the Fourth Circuit. She was also the first female general district court judge in Virginia, the first female circuit court judge in that State, the first woman named to the Virginia Court of Appeals, and the second female justice on the Virginia Supreme Court.  The American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has unanimously rated her ``well qualified''--its highest rating--to sit on the Fourth Circuit. The Virginia State Bar rated her ``highly qualified'' by unanimous vote, and bar associations throughout the State gave her their highest recommendation. Many of the lawyers who make up those associations have practiced before Justice Keenan, so their strong support of her nomination is telling.  Republican Senators should act as we acted when we worked together to reduce vacancies during the Bush administration. In fact, our work led to a reduction in vacancies in nearly every circuit. When President Bush left office, we had reduced vacancies in 9 of the 13 circuits from when President Clinton left office. One of the circuits where we succeeded in reducing vacancies was the Fourth Circuit, the circuit to which Justice Keenan has been nominated.  Like the nomination of Steven Agee of Virginia to the Fourth Circuit, confirmed in President Bush's last year in office by a Senate with a Democratic majority, Justice Keenan's nomination should be able to be confirmed without further obstruction and delay. The Senate proceeded quickly to consider the Agee nomination, even though it was a Presidential election year, because President Bush had cooperated with the home State Senators to withdraw the controversial nomination of Duncan Getchell and instead nominate Judge Agee. Mr. Getchell had been nominated over the objection of both Virginia Senators, a Republican and a Democratic, and his nomination was finally withdrawn after many wasted months. The Agee nomination also followed years of contentiousness, as President Bush insisted on nominations like those of Jim Haynes and Claude Allen. When a President from either party works with home State senators to identify noncontroversial, well-qualified nominees, the Senate should move quickly to consider them.  Regrettably, it has taken the Senate twice as long to consider Justice Keenan's nomination as it did Judge Agee's for a seat on the same Court. The Senate can and must do better for the American people and the rule of law.  There is an easy place to start. The Senate can virtually double its total by considering the 14 judicial nominees currently on the Senate Executive Calendar without additional delay. In December, I made several statements in this Chamber about the need for progress on the nominees reported by the Senate Judiciary Committee. I also spoke repeatedly to Senate leaders on both sides of the aisle and made the following proposal: Agree to immediate votes on those judicial nominees that are reported by the Senate Judiciary Committee without dissent, and agree to time agreements to debate and vote on the others.  At the time there were six judicial nominees on the Senate Executive Calendar that no Republican member of the Judiciary Committee had opposed. Republicans refused. We have considered just three of those nominations in the last 3 months. They were each confirmed unanimously, without a single Republican Senator voting or speaking against them. It should not have taken 3 months to confirm three nominees unanimously. It has become the Republican strategy of delay--delay even those nominees they support. They delayed confirmation of Judge Beverly Martin of Georgia to the Eleventh Circuit until this year. They delayed confirmation of Judge Joseph Greenaway of New Jersey to the Third Circuit until last month. Still, three of the nominees who were reported unanimously last year are still stalled on the Senate Executive Calendar awaiting Republican agreement to vote on them.  I renew my proposal. There are now eight judicial nominations on the Senate Executive Calendar that were reported from the Senate Judiciary Committee without a single dissenting vote, including Barbara Keenan. When Republicans allow the Senate to consider them, they will all be approved overwhelmingly, if not unanimously. I urge Republicans to agree to consider and confirm them today.  I further call upon Republicans to agree to time agreements on each of the other six judicial nominees ready for final Senate action. Only one Republican Senator in the Judiciary Committee voted against Judge Wynn of North Carolina; only three voted against Judge Vanaskie of Pennsylvania; only four voted against Ms. Stranch of Tennessee, who is supported by the senior Senator from Tennessee, a Republican and a member of the Senate Republican leadership. Senate Republicans should identify the time theyrequire to debate the nominations of Justice Butler of Wisconsin, Judge Chen of California and Judge Pearson of Ohio, who are all well-qualified nominees for district court vacancies, which are typically considered and confirmed without lengthy debate.  During the debate on Judge Martin's nomination earlier this year, several misstatements were made on the floor of the Senate. I corrected the record on January 25. More recently, during Senate consideration of Judge Greenaway's nomination, additional misstatements were made here. It may be that some Republicans were unaware of the efforts by me, the Senators from New Jersey, and the Democratic leadership to consider Judge Greenaway's nomination earlier. Republicans were repeatedly asked to agree to consider both the Martin and Greenaway nominations. The majority leader stated so on January 22, as did I on January 25. Those efforts began long before January 22. Perhaps those Republicans who say it only took 2 weeks to schedule the Greenaway vote did not know of those discussions. But it still does not answer the question of why it took 2 weeks for Republicans to agree hold a vote that was unanimous.  In addition, the record should be clear that the New Jersey Senators had indicated their support for the Greenaway nomination since it was first announced, and were in no way a source of delay. Neither Senator ``refused'' or ``failed'' to send in their consent to proceed. To the contrary, the hearing on the Greenaway nomination was in September, because I honored Republicans' request that committee not to proceed with additional hearings in the summer, while a Supreme Court nomination was being considered. The fact is that during those months, it was Senate Republicans who were unprepared to proceed to a hearing on the Greenaway nomination. There is no cause to blame the Senators from New Jersey for delays in considering that nomination. Republicans' suggestion that Democrats are delaying in their consent to advance these nominations is also more than ironic since they have never acknowledged, nor accepted, responsibility for pocket filibustering more than 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominees. In fact, when I became chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I made Senators' consent forms, or blue slips, public for the first time. I am still waiting for Republicans to agree to make public their blue slips from 1993 through 2000. Because of the change I made, the anonymous holds that obstructed so many of President Clinton's nominees did not continue under President Bush. Regrettably, unlike President Obama, his predecessor did not work with Senators of the other party on nominations. It is no secret that the reason the committee did not proceed on President Bush's nominee to the vacancy on the Third Circuit from New Jersey was because the New Jersey Senators did not consent.  So when Senator Sessions says that he respects me for consulting with home State Senators, and in the same statement criticizes me for consulting with home State Senators, it is a bit disturbing. When he asks me not to hold hearings and then criticizes me for supposedly delaying hearings, it is not fair. When the Republicans are not ready to proceed on a nomination and then attribute the delays to others, it is wrong. Maybe the lesson is that I should not accommodate Republican requests but press the schedule more quickly, because otherwise I risk being accused of going too slowly.  We have seen unprecedented obstruction by Senate Republicans on issue after issue--over 100 filibusters last year alone, which affected 70 percent of all Senate action. Instead of time agreements and the will of the majority, the Senate is faced with a requirement to find 60 Senators to overcome a filibuster on issue after issue. The Senate was not allowed to complete action on short extensions of unemployment insurance benefits, the Satellite Home Viewer Act, and other needed measures last week because of Republican objection. Unfortunately, we have seen the repeated abuse of filibusters, and delay and obstruction have become the norm for Senate Republicans.  Just as Senate Republicans reversed themselves when it came time to vote on the deficit reduction commission that they had sponsored; just as Senate Republicans who voted for the USA PATRIOT Act Sunset Extension Act, S. 169, which was reported by the Senate Judiciary Committee last October, have reversed themselves and abandoned it; so, too, have Senate Republicans reversed themselves on filibusters against nominations. Those who just a short time ago said that a majority vote is all that should be needed to confirm a nomination, and that filibusters of nominations are unconstitutional, have reversed themselves and now employ any delaying tactic they can. They have ratcheted up their partisanship to delay and obstruct the President's nominees--once the American people elected a Democratic President.  The Republican practice of making supermajorities the new standard to proceed to consider many noncontroversial and well-qualified nominations for important posts in the executive branch, and to fill vacancies on the Federal courts, is having a debilitating effect on our government's ability to serve the American people. Hard-working Americans who seek justice in our overburdened Federal courts are the ones who will pay the price for Republicans' obstruction and delay. They deserve better.  Even after years of Republican pocket filibusters that led to skyrocketing judicial vacancies, Democrats did not practice this kind of obstruction and delay in considering President Bush's nominations. We worked hard to reverse the Republican obstructionism. In the second half of 2001, the Democratic majority in the Senate proceeded to confirm 28 judges. During just the second year of President Bush's first term, the Democratic Senate majority confirmed 72 judicial nominations and helped reduce the vacancies left by Republican obstructionism of President Clinton's judicial nominees from over 110 to 59 by the end of 2002. Overall, as I have noted, in the 17 months that I chaired the Senate Judiciary Committee during President Bush's first term, the Senate confirmed 100 of his judicial nominees. By comparison, the total number of Federal circuit and district court judges confirmed during the 13 months President Obama has been in office is barely 15 percent of that total.  Senate Democrats continued to work to reduce vacancies even during President Bush's last year in office. With Senate Democrats again in the majority, we reduced judicial vacancies to as low as 34, even though it was a presidential election year. When President Bush left office, we had reduced vacancies in 9 of the 13 Federal circuits.  As matters stand today, judicial vacancies have spiked again, as they did due to Republican obstruction in the 1990s. These vacancies are again being left unfilled. We started 2010 with the highest number of vacancies on article III courts since 1994, when the vacancies created by the last comprehensive judgeship bill were still being filled. While it has been nearly 20 years since we enacted a Federal judgeship bill, judicial vacancies are nearing record levels, with 104 current vacancies and another 22 already announced. If we had proceeded on the judgeship bill recommended by the Judicial Conference to address the growing burden on our Federal judiciary, as we did in 1984 and 1990, in order to provide the resources the courts need, current vacancies would stand over 160 today and would be headed toward 180. That is the true measure of how far behind we have fallen.  Republican Senators insisted on stalling confirmation of the nomination of Judge Gerard Lynch, who was confirmed with more than 90 votes. They insisted on stalling the nomination of Judge Andre Davis, who was confirmed with more than 70 votes. They unsuccessfully filibustered the nomination of Judge David Hamilton last November, having delayed its consideration for months. They stalled Judge Beverly Martin's nomination for at least 2 months because they would not agree to consider it before January 20. They stalled for 3 additional weeks on Judge Greenaway's nomination before he was confirmed unanimously. We have wasted weeks and months having to seek time agreements in order to consider nominations that were reported by the Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously and who are then confirmed overwhelmingly by the Senate once they are finally allowed to be considered.  I, again, urge Senate Republicans to reconsider their strategy and allow prompt consideration of all 14 judicial nominees awaiting Senate consideration, not just Barbara Keenan of Virginia, but also the following nominees: Jane Stranch of Tennessee, nominated to the Sixth Circuit; Judge Thomas Vanaskie of Pennsylvania, nominated to the Third Circuit; Judge Denny Chin of New York, nominated to the Second Circuit; Judge William Conley, nominated to the Western District of Wisconsin; Justice Rogeriee Thompson of Rhode Island, nominated to the First Circuit; Judge James Wynn of North Carolina, nominated to the Fourth Circuit; Judge Albert Diaz of North Carolina, nominated to the Fourth Circuit; Judge Edward Chen, nominated to the Northern District of California; and Justice Louis Butler, nominated to the Western District of Wisconsin; Nancy Freudenthal, nominated to the District of Wyoming; Denzil Marshall, nominated to the Eastern District of Arkansas; Benita Pearson, nominated to the Northern District of Ohio and Timothy Black, nominated to the Southern District of Ohio.  (The remarks of Mr. Leahy and Mr. Sessions are printed in today's Record under ``Morning Business.'')  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Casey). The Senator from Vermont.  