President, I am pleased to support the Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010 and glad to join the full Senate today in passing this important bill. This legislation will improve the safety of Americans traveling on cruise ships by increasing security and crime reporting regulations.  Far too many incidents of sexual assault and other serious crimes continue to occur on board cruise ships despite ongoing media and Congressional attention to this problem. I have long worked to improve protections for crime victims through landmark legislation including the Victims of Crime Act and the Violence Against Women Act. I applaud Senator Kerry for his leadership in ensuring those protections extend to Americans traveling aboard cruise ships.  This important legislation will require the cruise industry to comply with a number of commonsense security provisions, such as providing peep holes and locks in sleeping cabins, and it mandates cruise vessel personnel to contact both the FBI and the U.S. Coast Guard as soon as a serious crime is reported.  I am particularly pleased to see that the legislation will improve the treatment and protections victims receive on board a cruise ship following a crime. For example, a licensed medical practitioner will be required on board all ships to provide immediate treatment, including medications to prevent sexually transmitted diseases after an assault and to conduct forensic examinations to help collect critical evidence for later prosecution. I have worked hard to ensure that these kinds of services to assist victims and to facilitate successful prosecution of those who commit terrible crimes are available throughout the country. I am glad that this bill will help ensure that Americans traveling at sea receive these same vital services.  These important commonsense provisions will help prevent further crimes from happening by improving security measures on our country's cruise ships, while also improving our ability to hold the perpetrators of these serious crimes accountable. I am pleased to support this important legislation.  