President, I heard what the Senator from Delaware said. He has been a very valuable member of the Senate Judiciary Committee and of this body itself. We all listen to what he says. He is not saying this out of any sense of what it might do in an election for him, he is retiring this year. We ought to listen to somebody who has no stake in this, other than as a citizen who cares what happens to our democracy. I thank my friend from Delaware for speaking out, as he always does so clearly.  We are going to try again this week to take action to help stem the tide of corporate influence that was unleashed when, earlier this year, five unelected Supreme Court Justices overturned 100 years of precedent in the Citizens United decision. When we last tried to correct this prior to the August recess. We brought up the DISCLOSE Act. Republicans filibustered the bill. It never allowed the Senate to even debate the legislation. Many of us argued that without even going to the legislation, we faced real problems, and those have been borne out. We have seen massivecorporate spending, drowning out the voices of hard-working Americans.  I heard somebody say in Vermont: ``Do you mean if you have somebody who is trying to stop counterfeit goods coming from China''--or to use another example, ``trying to stop the flood of toys that have too much lead in them that will endanger our children--and you have a Member of Congress who goes out and works to tighten the law so they can't do it, are you telling me that Chinese company can set up a small corporation here in the United States and spend a fortune to defeat the person who is trying to protect our children, to defeat the person who is trying to stop lead in toys? And do you mean in defeating the person who is trying to protect our children they could do it without anybody ever knowing where the money was coming?'' I said: That is the result of the Citizens United decision.  They could not understand that. But I tell my fellow Vermonters, with election day less than 2 months away, hundreds of millions of dollars of corporate interest group funds have been spent or pledged to be spent on political advertising and election activities. The American people deserve better than that.  We have seen filibusters, once a rarely used part of Senate procedure, become a regular tool for obstruction in the Senate on issue after issue. No matter how much the American people want an issue voted on, we end up having a filibuster blocking it. That obstruction has led to delays in considering legislation meant to protect the American people, as well as an alarming and almost unprecedented rise in judicial vacancies because Republicans will not allow votes on judges. Here, in an area fundamental to our democracy, it is clear the American people continue paying the price unless Congress takes action. Americans should expect bipartisan support for any legislation designed to prevent corporations from taking over elections, corporations from deciding elections, instead of the people who are affected by them.  This legislation does that, and I hope the Senators on the other side will stop filibustering this legislation. I cannot help but think on these filibusters--do you know what it is? It allows one to say: I am going to vote maybe. We were elected and paid to vote yes or no, not maybe. Those who keep using the filibuster to prevent a vote on serious matters can go home and say: That matter has not come up. I have not voted on that. I am on your side, whichever side you are on, because I never voted. I voted maybe. That is what these filibusters are. They are voting maybe because you do not have the courage to stand and vote yes or no.  In Citizens United, five Supreme Court Justices cast aside a century of law and opened the floodgates for corporations to drown out individual voices in our elections. Five overruled every law passed by Congress or other courts over the years. That broad scope of the decision was unnecessary, it was improper, and it was one of the greatest grasps for power I have ever seen. At the expense of hard-working men and women in this country, the Supreme Court ruled that corporations could become the predominant influence in our elections for years to come. These unelected members of the Supreme Court said: We are going to let corporations decide your elections, not the hard-working men and women who are affected by the elections. We have already seen the consequences. Corporations have injected more money than ever into primary races and now general elections across the country, and they can do it without ever even saying which corporation is emptying their treasuries to do this. We need to at least have some transparency to this new-found access.  We have heard from Americans of all political persuasions who express overwhelming concern over the impact of the Citizens United decision, as the threat it poses to our electoral process is readily apparent. We have a constitutional duty to work to restore a meaningful role for all Americans in the political process. Vote yes or vote no. Be willing to stand on one side or the other of the issue, not a filibuster which allows you to duck facing responsibilities as a Senator, not a filibuster to a motion to proceed because that is a vote to ignore the real-world impact this decision is already having on our democratic process. I call on Senators: Have the courage to take a position. Do not vote maybe so you can go back home and say: That issue has not come up. Have the courage, have the honesty. Vote yes or no.  The DISCLOSE Act is a measure I support to moderate the impact of the Citizens United decision. I will vote for it. The DISCLOSE Act will add transparency to the campaign finance laws to help ensure corporations cannot abuse their new-found Supreme Court-made Constitutional rights.  This legislation will preserve the voices of hard-working Americans in the political process by limiting the ability of foreign corporations to influence American elections. Can you imagine a proud country such as ours, we are willing, because of the decision of five people, to allow foreign corporations to come in and meddle in our political process? We are going to prohibit corporations from receiving taxpayer money when contributing to elections. Are you going to say to the taxpayers: We are going to tax you, and then we are going to give the money to determine who might give us more taxes? We are going to increase disclosure requirements of corporate contributions, among other things.  It is hard to overstate the potential for harm in the aftermath of the Citizens United decision. The DISCLOSE Act is necessary to prevent corruption in our political system because the Citizens United decision brings about corruption in our political system. The DISCLOSE Act will protect the credibility of our elections because the Citizens United case diminishes credibility for our elections. If we do not do that, we are not going to maintain the trust of the American people. While some on the other side of the aisle praise the Citizens United decision as a victory for the First Amendment, what they fail to recognize is that these new rights for corporations come at the expense of the free speech rights of all Americans. That much is already clear. There is no longer any doubt that the ability of wealthy corporations to dominate all mediums of advertising is quieting the voices of individuals who do not have the deep pockets and the unlimited resources of these corporations.  Citizens United is only the latest example of which a thin majority of the Supreme Court places its own preferences over the will of hard-working Americans. The campaign finance reforms of the landmark McCain-Feingold Act were the product of lengthy debate in Congress as to the proper role of corporate money in the electoral process and passed by bipartisan majorities.  Those laws strengthened the rights of individual voters while carefully preserving the integrity of the political process. But with the stroke of a pen, five Justices--unelected Justices--cast aside those years of deliberation and substituted their own preferences over the will of Congress and the American people.  Vermont is a state with a rich tradition of involvement in the democratic process. We see it in March at our Town Meeting Day. But it is also a small state, and it would take so little for a few corporations to outspend all our local candidates--Republicans and Democrats alike. Come on. A megacorporation could, in effect, try to control all the government of our small state. It is easy to imagine corporate interests flooding the airwaves with election ads and transforming the nature of Vermont campaigning. This is not what Vermonters expect of their politics. The DISCLOSE Act is the first step toward ensuring Vermonters and all Americans can remain confident that their voices are going to be heard in the political process, not an unseen, unknown corporation with a whole lot of money.  The Citizens United decision grants corporations the same constitutional free speech rights as individual Americans. Who could possibly have imagined what the Framers of the Constitution would have thought of that? Remember the opening words of our Constitution: ``We the People of the United States . . . '' It does not say we the people and a few megacorporations of the United States. In the Constitution, the Founders spoke of guaranteeing fundamental rights for the American people, not to corporations, which ismentioned nowhere in the Constitution. The time is now to ensure our campaign finance laws reflect this important distinction.  The American people want their voices heard in the coming election. I look forward to working with all Senators to pass this important legislation to ensure the DISCLOSE Act is enacted into law. At the very least, our constituents deserve a debate in the Senate on this legislation. Have the courage and the honesty to vote yes or no, not to hide behind a filibuster and get away with voting maybe. What does that do for their constituents?  I yield the floor.  