President, I am pleased that the Senate will pass the Satellite Television Extension and Localism Act, STELA, of 2010. This legislation modernizes and extends important statutory copyright licenses that allow cable and satellite companies to retransmit the content transmitted by television broadcasters. STELA also includes important Communications Act authorizations that allow for the retransmission of broadcast television signals by satellite and cable providers.  Ensuring that Americans have access to broadcast television content is important, and it is particularly relevant for consumers in rural areas who might not otherwise be able to receive these signals over-the-air. The legislation that the Senate is passing today will ensure that nobody will be left in the dark for the foreseeable future. Broadcast television plays a critical role in cities and towns across the country, and remains the primary way in which consumers are able to access local content such as news, weather, and sports.  Cable and satellite providers help to expand the footprint of broadcast stations by allowing them to reach viewers who are unable to receive signals over-the-air. Vermont is an example of how cable and satellite companies can provide service to consumers in rural areas who might not otherwise receive these signals.  Vermonters will see improved service when this legislation is enacted. Today, DirecTV is permitted to use the licenses to provide Windham and Bennington Counties with stations from the Burlington television market, but DISH Network is not. This legislation will permit DISH to provide their subscribers in southern Vermont with the same service. As soon as DISH Network uses this authority, virtually everyone in the State will be able to access the news and information that is truly important to Vermonters.  One other important way that STELA will preserve and improve existing service for consumers is by correcting a flaw in the statutory copyright license for the cable industry. An unintended result of current law is that the cable license requires the cable industry to pay copyright holders for signals that many of their subscribers do not actually receive. This is often referred to as the phantom signal problem. The effect of this anomaly in the law is that Comcast is required to pay copyright royalties based on their subscriber base across the northeast for the Canadian television content that is only provided to subscribers in Burlington, VT.  The bill corrects this flaw by giving the cable industry the flexibility to continue to provide signals that are tailored to local interests--signals that might otherwise have been pulled from cable line-ups. This will benefit industry and consumers. For instance, subscribers in Burlington will still be able to receive programming such as ``Hockey Night in Canada,'' which has been a tradition, without fear that Comcast will have to remove the channel or raise prices because it is being charged royalties based on subscribers in Boston.  In addition, the legislation will expand consumer access to their States' public television programming and low-power, community-oriented stations that will promote media diversity.  This is the third time the Senate will have passed substantially the same reauthorization language. The bill is the product of many hours of hard work and compromise among four committees in both Houses of Congress. No single member or committee chairman would have written it in this exact way, but the final language represents a fair compromise on important issues. For instance, I would have preferred the approach included in the Senate Judiciary Committee-approved bill for providing incentives to DISH Network to launch additional local markets, rather than lifting a court-ordered injunction. As a matter of policy, lifting a court-ordered injunction based on copyright infringement is something I generally do not support, but others insisted upon it and it is part of the compromise embodied in STELA.  Overall, this is a good bill that will preserve and improve the service that consumers across the country are accustomed to receiving. I hope the third time the Senate passes it will be the final time and that it will be considered promptly by the House and signed into law by the President.  