President, I support the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, also called the New START Treaty. New START, if ratified, will have several major and positive impacts on our national security and on global nonproliferation. I must express my deep disappointment that the Senate has not yet ratified this treaty, and I join my friends Chairman Kerry and Senator Lugar in appealing to all Senators for their cooperation and support in ratifying this treaty. The New START treaty is the right move for our country and for our world.  New START builds on a long history of strategic nuclear arms treaties between the United States and Russia and Russia's predecessor, the Soviet Union. Beginning with the Strategic Arms Limitation Talks ratified in 1972, we have entered into three strategic arms control treaties with the Soviet Union and Russia. This number does not include START II, which was ratified by the Senate in 1996 but never entered into force due to subsequent treaty mandates from the Russian Duma. The most recent arms control treaty, the Strategic Offensive Reductions Treaty, or SORT, was ratified unanimously in March 2003.  Unfortunately, both the SALT and original START treaties have expired, with START concluding last December. The expiration of these treaties means that the United States presently has no fully implemented arms control treaty governing the nuclear weapons stockpiles of the United States and Russia. This circumstance is dangerous to our national security and needs to be rectified as soon as possible.  I am not alone in holding that position. A bevy of experts have strongly urged support for the New START treaty, from all points on the political spectrum. Every senior leader and expert in the current administration supports the quick ratification of New START, from Secretaries Gates and Clinton to a whole range of uniformed leaders such as Admiral Mullen, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs; General O'Reilly, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency; and General Klotz, the Commander of the Air Force Global Strike Command. General Klotz is joined by many of his predecessors who commanded the Strategic Command and Strategic Air Command, including General Welch, General Chain, General Butler, Admiral Ellis, General Davis, and more. Former Secretaries of Defense have come out in support of New START, including James Schlesinger, William Perry, Frank Carlucci, and Harold Brown. Former Secretaries of State of both parties are also advocating Senate ratification: Colin Powell, Madeleine Albright, George Shultz, James Baker, and Henry Kissinger. The list of distinguished, trusted and experienced advocates goes on and on, reading like a ``Who's Who'' of the U.S. diplomatic and military communities.  One of the biggest reasons why so many experts are arguing for ratification of this treaty is because it will do a great deal to control Russian nuclear arms and resume verifiable inspections. New START would reduce Russia's deployment of strategic nuclear warheads by about 25 percent. U.S. inspectors have not held an inspection of Russia's nuclear arsenal for a year; New START would resume inspections. Specifically, U.S. inspectors will have 18 annual inspections of Russian delivery vehicles and warheads. No previous treaty has allowed direct U.S. monitoring of Russian warheads for verification purposes. In fact, the close perspective that U.S. inspections would allow under this treaty will eliminate the need to share information about missile flight testing since that information, also called telemetry, was used to determine the number of warheads that a missile carried. New START will let us determine that by counting the warheads themselves, not by evaluating missile flight data. Secretary Gates has confirmed that New START is sufficiently verifiable that the United States could determine if Russia made any attempts to cheat on our break out of the treaty.  Perhaps one of the greatest benefits of New START is its contribution to global nonproliferation, which all of us can agree would be strongly beneficial to our national security interests. The United States will never convince other states to forgo a nuclear program if we do not show our own commitment to ending the nuclear scourge. More importantly, we will not be able to reach agreement with our partners about punitive nonproliferation measures without ratifying New START.  It is difficult to discuss this subject without raising the issue of Iran's nuclear program. Today the international community has put in place deservedly harsh sanctions against Iran's governing regime. These sanctions are so tough that Kenneth Pollack quotes former Iranian President Ayatollah Rafsanjani as calling them ``no joke'' and warning ``that [Iran's] situation is dire.'' These sanctions required patient international cooperation that cannot survive American preventive attacks. And without sanctions we should give up any hope of ending Iran's nuclear program.  Instead, we must continue to isolate Iran by garnering international support for further escalating sanctions. The United States, not Iran, is the indispensable nation, and to gather support for punitive non-proliferation we must lead by example. New START demonstrates our commitment to limiting the threat of nuclear weapons--even those in our own arsenal. And it bolsters our further requests to other countries to squeeze Iran in ways that the ayatollahs cannot tolerate.  Even while New START will renew our leadership in nuclear nonproliferation, the treaty reserves our right to pursue missile defense options and maintain an effective nuclear deterrent. A nuclear weapon in the hands of a terrorist is extremely unlikely to arrive on the tip of a missile. Even so, the most ardent supporters of spending billions more on strategic missile defense must acknowledge that New START's provisions were so well negotiated as to bar limitations on American defensive technologies. Similarly, the treaty will not prevent us from deterring other nuclear powers. New START allows the United States to maintain a highly credible deterrent.  Expansive and unchecked Russian and American nuclear arsenals are dangerous, expensive, and unnecessary. Eliminating the threat of stolen or illegally purchased nuclear weapons must be among the very gravest threats that the United States faces today. New START will help us diminish and contain that threat. At a time when leaders of both parties are seeking ways to cut the budget deficit, our nuclear program seems like an unnecessary and burdensome vestige of the Cold War. It is difficult if not impossible to credibly argue today that the massive nuclear arsenal we built to deter the Soviet Union serves our needs in today's changed world, where terrorism and the support of terrorism loom so large as threats to our security.  The time has come to do the right thing for the right reasons. Both parties should cooperate, as we have in the past, on issues that will make our country safer. No one should doubt that the New START treaty will do exactly that. Especially on an issue so vitally important to our security, and to the security of our children and grandchildren, the American people want and deserve a fair and straightforward debate. Partisan point-scoring should be checked at the door. Let us vote to ratify New START.  