Six months ago, I introduced the Survivors Equality Act, S. 3463, with Senator Durbin and Senator Whitehouse, to help the families of those who die on the high seas. In fact, the day of the hearing, we had Michelle Jones, pictured here, in our mind when we held that hearing.That same day, June 8, the Judiciary Committee held a hearing on the liability cap that harms victims' families. We heard testimony from Michelle Jones's brother-in-law, Chris Jones. He is the brother of Gordon Jones, one of those who died aboard the Deepwater Horizon. It was very moving testimony. I think everybody, both parties, felt the emotion in that room.  A few weeks later, the Commerce Committee also held a hearing on the same matter. I think it is unfortunate and a slam to the families to say that this matter has not been vetted. The Commerce Committee also had a hearing. Then we had months and months of work, Republicans and Democrats meeting, trying to make as tightly drawn piece of legislation as possible.  After these months and months of work, I hope the Senate is finally going to do justice to the families of the men who died when the Deepwater Horizon exploded in the Gulf of Mexico. At least stand up and say yes or no. Vote either to give them justice or vote not to give them justice. Do not do this unfortunate habit we are getting into of voting maybe. Let's not vote on this bill. Let's not take a position one way or the other. We will object to the bill coming up.  It allows everybody to be a maybe. It allows people to go and say: Well, we are so sympathetic for your family. We wish we could help your family. Certainly, if the bill comes up, I may vote.  Well, we have a whole lot of people ready to vote for the bill. Vote yes; vote no. That is what I have been trying to do since that catastrophic event. We did have a lot of negotiations, and we did have to whittle it back at the request of people on the other side of the aisle. The proposal has been so narrow that it will help only the families of the 11 hard-working men who died when the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded last April.  So by saying there are a lot of things that can be done for them if one second before that oil rig left land when it was being constructed, if it exploded there and they lost their lives, but it is a different rule if you have gone 100 yards further, a few seconds later, and you are at sea.  That is why I came to the floor today to seek the Senate's consent to pass this legislation without further delay. It is designed to provide a more equitable remedy under the Death on the High Seas Act, the Jones Act, for the survivors of those killed on Deepwater Horizon. When I refer to it as the difference between when it is on land or on sea, as the law is now, the families will be given far less protection simply because their loved ones died on the open seas rather than if they had died in a well, for example, if they are working at a well and there is an explosion, but the well is on land.  That is not fair. It reminds me of an earlier era in our history. The law should be modernized for those families without further delay. Of course, I would like the modernization to be broader, to cover victims on cruise ships, for instance. Some here in this body have objected to covering victims on cruise ships.  That is why I said: OK. You might not be willing to cover victims in other accidents on the high seas, but at least the U.S. Senate should not turn its back on the families of these 11 men.  I am also concerned about timeliness. These victims' families' claims have been unnecessarily delayed because they are thoughtlessly lumped in with thousands of other claims for economic damage. It should be pretty easy to spot the 11 where the people died. This legislative proposal, on which I have worked with Senators Rockefeller, Whitehouse, and others, would ensure fairness and timeliness for these families. We have had strong bipartisan support. We have a number of Republicans who support this legislation. Senators on both sides of the aisle have heard from these families. They understand the inequities they face. The proposal has been circulating through the Senate for more than a week. It should not be stopped. Let us vote yes or no. If you don't like this legislation, vote against it. But don't vote maybe. Don't have the Senate give that kind of procedural slap in the face to these families by saying: We don't have the courage to vote yes or no so we are going to vote maybe.  Time is running out for these 11 families to know they are going to be treated fairly and not be forced to wait for years to see if their losses are addressed. The legislation only applies to the Deepwater Horizon disaster, the largest oil spill in our Nation's history. Let us act for the widows and children of these men before we head home to be with our own families during the holiday season. They need our help now. We should at least be able to agree to this limited fix. Again, vote yes or vote no. Don't vote maybe. Stop the months of delay. There is no justification for the failure to act on this deeply personal tragic issue. It has been pending for months. Both sides have been running hot lines on it for more than a week. It is a 5-page proposal. It is easy to understand.  I will never forget the testimony of Chris Jones before the Judiciary Committee. His father was sitting there. He talked about his brother losing his life and meeting his brother's widow Michelle Jones. Michelle has lost the love of her life, but her two young sons have lost their father.  This is not about politics. This should not be partisan. This is about justice for these kids who are facing a Christmas without their fathers, justice for widows who want closure, who are bravely fighting for their families.  Can we not at least once in this body not vote maybe but have the courage to vote yes or no, not hide behind an objection to a bill coming up that many Republicans and Democrats support, at least allow people to be on record?  Look at this family, say: I am going to vote yes or no, not, gee, I don't have time. We just voted maybe. I think it is unfortunate. It shows disdain for these families. I regret the objection.  I ask unanimous consent that the draft of the Rockefeller, Leahy, and Schumer amendment be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert the      following:     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.       This Act may be cited as the ``Fairness in Admiralty and      Maritime Law Act''.     SEC. 2. AMENDMENT OF SHIPOWNERS' LIABILITY ACT OF 1851.       (a) General Limit of Liability.--Section 30505(c) of title      46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:       ``(c) Claims Not Subject to Limitation.--Subsection (a)      does not apply--       ``(1) to a claim for wages; or       ``(2) to a claim for personal injury or wrongful death      arising from the blowout and explosion of the mobile offshore      drilling unit Deepwater Horizon that occurred on April 20,      2010.''.       (b) Conforming Amendment.--Section 30511(c) of title 46,      United States Code, is amended by inserting ``that are      subject to limitation under section 30505'' after      ``question''.     SEC. 3. AMENDMENT OF THE DEATH ON THE HIGH SEAS ACT.       (a) Cause of Action.--Section 30302 of title 46, United      States Code, is amended by inserting after the first sentence      the following: ``If the death was attributable to the blowout      and explosion of the mobile offshore drilling unit Deepwater      Horizon that occurred on April 20, 2010, the action may be      brought in law or in admiralty.''.       (b) Amount and Apportionment of Recovery.--Section 30303 of      title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end      the following: ``If the action under this chapter arises from      the blowout and explosion of the mobile offshore drilling      unit Deepwater Horizon that occurred on April 20, 2010, the      recovery may include fair compensation for nonpecuniary loss,      plus a fair compensation for the decedent's pain and      suffering. In this section, the term `nonpecuniary loss'      means the loss of care, comfort, companionship, and      society.''.       (c) Death of Plaintiff in Pending Action.--Section 30305 of      title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end      the following: ``If a civil action in law is pending in a      court of the United States to recover for personal injury      caused by wrongful act, neglect, or default described in the      second sentence of section 30302 of this title and the      individual dies during the action as a result of that      wrongful act, neglect, or default, the personal      representative of the decedent may be substituted as the      plaintiff and the action may proceed under this chapter for      the recovery authorized by this chapter.''.     SEC. 4. AMENDMENT OF JONES ACT.       Section 30104(a) of title 46, United States Code, is      amended by adding at the end the following: ``If the action      under this chapter arises from the blowout and explosion of      the mobile offshore drilling unit Deepwater Horizon that      occurred on April 20, 2010, the recovery for a seaman who      dies may include fair compensation for nonpecuniary loss,      plus a fair compensation for the decedent's pain and      suffering. In this section, the term `nonpecuniary loss'      means the loss of care, comfort, companionship, and      society.''.     SEC. 5. MULTIDISTRICT LITIGATION FOR CERTAIN CIVIL ACTIONS.       (a) In General.--Chapter 303 of title 46, United States      Code, is amended--       (1) by redesignating section 30308 as section 30309; and       (2) by inserting after section 30307 the following:     ``  30308. Multidistrict litigation for certain civil actions       ``(a) In General.--A plaintiff in a covered civil action      brought under chapter 301 or this chapter may elect to have      the claims of that plaintiff--       ``(1) severed from all other claims in the covered civil      action; and       ``(2) not be subject to section 1407 of title 28 or any      similar provision of State law.       ``(b) Covered Civil Action Defined.--In this section, the      term `covered civil action' means a civil action for damages      for personal injury or wrongful death arising from the      blowout and explosion of the mobile offshore drilling unit      Deepwater Horizon that occurred on April 20, 2010.''.       (b) Conforming Amendment.--The table of contents for      chapter 303 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by      striking the item relating to section 30308 and inserting the      following:``30308. Multidistrict litigation for certain civil actions.``30309. Nonapplication.''.     SEC. 6. EFFECTIVE DATE.       The amendments made by this Act shall apply to--       (1) causes of action and claims arising after April 19,      2010; and       (2) actions commenced before the date of enactment of this      Act that have not been finally adjudicated, including      appellate review, as of that date.  