President, I see the Republican leadership and the distinguished Senator from Tennessee on the floor. I would note that I am hopeful the Senate Republican leadership would take the opportunity to enter into a time agreement on 1 of the more than 20 judicial nominees who have been stalled from Senate consideration. I am referring to the nomination of Jane Stranch of Tennessee. Her nomination was reported by a bipartisan majority of the Senate Judiciary Committee last November, 8 months ago.  A native of Nashville, Mississippi, Ms. Stranch has practiced law in that community for 32 years, and has often appealed before the Sixth Circuit--the court to which she is now nominated. She has decades of experience in labor and employment law, an expertise she put to good use when she taught a class on labor law at Nashville's Belmont University. Ms. Stranch also has an active appellate practice, as well as significant experience with alternative forms of dispute resolution, such as mediation and arbitration. She is a leader in her community who dedicates significant time to pro bono work, civic matters, and her church. She also has impressive academic credentials, having earned both her J.D., Order of the Coif, and her B.A., summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa, from Vanderbilt University.  Since this nomination was reported last November, all Democratic Senators have been prepared to debate and vote on her nomination. I had given my friend, the distinguished senior Senator from Tennessee, my assurance about that. I, myself, have spoken about this nomination a number of times because it is one of the oldest on the calendar.  I know the senior Senator from Tennessee has expressed his frustration to me about the fact that this nomination has not been voted on in the last 8 months. So I went to him last week and said I was going to make a unanimous consent request for a time agreement to consider her nomination. The Senator asked me if I would wait until today, which I was glad to do. We have waited 8 months already.  I, in no way, fault the senior Senator from Tennessee. He has been very clear to me he is ready to vote whenever this nomination comes forward. So seeing the Republican leader on the floor, I will now propound a unanimous consent request. I ask unanimous consent, as if in executive session, at a time to be determined by the majority leader, following consultation with the Republican leader, the Senate proceed to executive session and consider Calendar No. 552, the nomination of Jane B. Stranch, of Tennessee, to be a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit; there be 3 hours of debate with respect to the nomination, with the time equally divided and controlled between the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, myself and Senator Sessions, or our designees; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate proceed to vote on the confirmation of the nomination; that upon confirmation, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; any statements related to the nomination be printed in the Record; the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action; the Senate then resume legislative session.  