President, the Removal Clarification Act of 2010 is an important piece of legislation that willclarify a Federal agency or officer's ability to remove State judicial proceedings to Federal court. The bill has strong support from both sides of the aisle, and was passed by the House of Representatives without opposition. I have worked with Senator Sessions on an amendment to further clarify the rules governing removal to Federal court of State judicial proceedings when judicial orders including subpoenas are issued to Federal agencies or officials.  Existing law allows removal to Federal court of any ``civil action or criminal prosecution'' that is ``commenced in a State court'' against a Federal agency or officer. However, there is a question whether a subpoena directed toward a Federal agency or officer itself constitutes a ``civil action or criminal prosecution'' that allows removal under section 1442. While some courts have allowed removal in these situations, others have not. Compare Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp. v. Williams, 62 F.3d 408, 413-15, D.C. Cir. 1995 with Indiana v. Adams, 892 F.Supp. 1101, S.D. Ind. 1995, Alabama v. Stephens, 876 F.Supp. 263, M.D. Ala. 1995, Price v. Johnson, 600 F.3d 460, 5th Cir. 2010 (dismissing appeal of district court's refusal to allow removal of subpoena proceeding against congresswoman).  The Removal Clarification Act of 2010 resolves this split in authority by amending section 1442 to clarify that the section allows removal of any proceeding in which a judicial order, including a subpoena for testimony or documents, is sought from or issued to a Federal agency or officer.  Earlier versions of this bill did not expressly address whether removal under the new statute would be limited to just the subpoena proceeding, in a case that is otherwise purely between private litigants but in which a Federal agency or officer has been subpoenaed, or whether the whole case would be removed. Members in both the House and Senate agree that in cases involving only the issuance of a subpoena to a Federal agency or officer, only the subpoena proceeding should be removed and the remainder of the civil action or criminal prosecution should remain in State court.  Some courts that currently allow removal of a subpoena proceeding have made it their practice to remove only that proceeding if the rest of the case is not otherwise removable. I cite e.g., Pollock v. Barbarosa Group, Inc., 478 F. Supp.2d 410, W.D.N.Y. 2007; In re Subpoena in Collins, 524 F.3d 249, D.C. Cir. 2008; Colorado v. Rodarte, 2010 WL 924099, D. Colo. 2010. Other courts, however, have held that the entire case should be removed, even if no Federal officer was a defendant in the underlying suit and the case is not otherwise removable. I cite e.g., Swett v. Schenk, 792 F.2d 1447, 1450-51, 9th Cir. 1986; Ferrell v. Yarberry, 848 F.Supp. 121, E.D. Ark. 1994. Moreover, while these cases at least hold that the district court may remand the case to the State court once the subpoena proceeding is resolved, other courts hold that once a case is removed under section 1442, there is no authority to remand the case to the State court even after the Federal issue is resolved. I cite e.g., Jamison v. Wiley, 14 F.3d 222, 238-39, 4th Cir. 1994.  To make clear that removal of a subpoena proceeding, or other minor proceeding, is limited only to that proceeding if the case is not otherwise removable, the Senate amendment to this bill adds a second sentence to section 1442(c) that provides: ``If removal is sought for a proceeding described in the previous sentence, and there is no other basis for removal, only that proceeding may be removed to the district court.''  The language of 1442(c) is intended to be broad because it seeks to encompass not only subpoenas for testimony or documents, but also any other kind of judicial process that state courts could direct to Federal officers in relation to the performance of their official duties. The parenthetical clause in the first sentence of 1442(c) specifying that the proceeding need not be ancillary is added because some states allow subpoenas to be issued, or direct other judicial orders toward persons, before a complaint has even been filed. This was the situation in the Price v. Johnson case, which occurred earlier this year. When such pre-suit proceedings occur, they cannot be described as ancillary because there is nothing for them to be ancillary to.  Although the language in the first sentence of section 1442(c) is broad, I should make clear that it does not encompass all judicial proceedings. A proceeding in which a ``judicial order . . . is sought or issued'' means a minor proceeding, such as a subpoena proceeding, but does not include the complaint for relief itself. The second sentence of section 1442(c) would therefore not apply to a case in which a complaint for relief or a criminal prosecution has been brought against a Federal agency or officer, or a case that is removable under any other section of the United States Code. If the Federal agency or officer is a defendant in the underlying case, the normal rule, as described in section 3726 of Wright & Miller's Federal Practice and Procedure, would continue to apply:       Because Section 1442(a)(1) authorizes removal of the entire      case even if only one of the controversies it raises involves      a federal officer or agency, the section creates a species of      statutorily-mandated supplemental subject-matter      jurisdiction. The district court can exercise its discretion      to decline jurisdiction over the supplemental claims if the      federal agency drops out of the case, or even if the federal      defendant remains a litigant. Whether the supplemental claims      should be remanded if the federal officer's ``anchor'' claim      is dismissed or settled, or if the supplemental claims have      been asserted against non-federal parties, depends on      considerations of comity, federalism, judicial economy, and      fairness to litigants.  Changes made by this bill to section 1442 are not intended to displace ``the requirement that federal officer removal must be predicated on the allegation of a colorable federal defense.'' I cite Mesa v. California, 489 U.S. 121, 129, 1989. This legislation also does not displace the settled rule that ``the invocation of removal jurisdiction by a Federal officer does not revise or alter the underlying law to be applied. In this respect, it is a purely derivative form of jurisdiction, neither enlarging nor contracting the rights of the parties.'' I cite Arizona v. Manypenny, 451 U.S. 232, 242, 1981.  The new time limit created by section 1446(g) allows a Federal agency or officer subpoenaed to seek removal either within 30 days of receiving, through service, notice of when the subpoena is requested or issued or 30 days of receiving, through service, notice of when the same subpoena is sought to be enforced. This new subsection allows a Federal agency or officer to remove a pre-suit subpoena proceeding to Federal court before any complaint is filed, and also effectively allows a Federal officer who has been subpoenaed to wait until the subpoena is sought to be enforced before seeking removal.  I thank Senator Sessions for working with me to clarify the House's bipartisan bill. I also thank Representative Hank Johnson for working with us to explain the purposes and intricacies of this procedural issue.  