President, today, the Senate is finally considering a judicial nomination that has been stalled since February on the Executive Calendar. The nomination of Benita Y. Pearson to serve on the Northern District of Ohio was reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee more than 10 months ago. Judge Pearson is currently a Federal magistrate judge on the court to which she is nominated. When confirmed, she will become the first African-American woman to serve as a Federal judge in Ohio.  I have reviewed the record and considered the character, background and qualifications of the nominee and join with the Senators from Ohio, one a Democrat and the other a Republican, in supporting this nominee. Frankly, the opposition is a dramatic departure from the traditional practice of considering district court nominations with deference to the home State Senators that know the nominees and their districts best. I commend Senator Brown on his statement in support of the nomination today. As he noted, he worked closely with Senator Voinovich, the Republican Senator from his State and a judicial screening commission in making this recommendation to the President.  The obstruction of these district court nominations is unprecedented, a sign that a different standard is being applied to President Obama's nominees that has never before been applied to the nominees of any President, Democratic or Republican. Out of the 2,100 district court nominees reported by the Judiciary Committee since 1945, only five have been reported by party-line votes. Four of these party-line votes have been in this Congress, including the two of the nominations we consider today. In fact only 19 of those 2,100 nominees were reported by any type of split rollcall vote at all, but five of them--more than 25 percent of the total--have been this Congress.  The party-line vote against this nomination in the Judiciary Committee was without explanation. Judge Pearson has been a Federal judge magistrate for 8 years and a prosecutor before that. Nothing in her professional background justifies the delay or opposition to this nomination.  At her hearing, there were some who tried to make a mountain out of a mole hill with respect to a statement she made about animals. I just workedwith Senator Kyl and Senator Merkley on a constitutional, legal prohibition against vicious videos that show animals being crushed. That bill passed unanimously. No Senators thought twice about approving that important legislation. I remember a couple of years ago when a famous professional football player went to prison for his participation in a dog fighting ring. Many Americans were outraged by those activities and no Senator questioned the State and Federal laws against such activities. Are those who oppose this nomination also now opposed to the Humane Society of the United States and to the legislative actions we took since they involved animals?  I join the Senators from Ohio in urging the Senate to confirm Judge Pearson without further delay.  