President, the Senate just devoted almost 3 hours to the nomination of Thomas Vanaskie. Senate Republicans demanded this extended time for debate. I thank Senator Specter and Senator Casey for their statements. The Senators from Pennsylvania know Judge Vanaskie best, and strongly support him.  I was glad to see Chairman Dodd, Senator Brown of Ohio and Senator Kaufman come to use some of the time to talk about Wall Street reform. That is what we should be working on. Wall Street reform, patent reform, and other matters that are important to the American people are what we should be debating. I was glad to see that time not wasted in another extended quorum call because those who demanded this time to debate the nomination did not use it.  I was glad to hear Senator Hagan talk about the two North Carolina nominees to the Fourth Circuit. They are among the 25 judicial nominees that Republicans have objected to considering even though they were voted out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously or nearly so.  With respect to the President's judicial nominees, as I have said, we are well behind the pace I set as chairman when the Senate was considering President Bush's nominees during the second year of his presidency. By this date in President Bush's second year, the Senate with a Democratic majority, had moved ahead to confirm 45 of his Federal circuit and district court judges. So far during President Obama's Presidency, Senate Republicans have allowed votes on only 18 of his Federal circuit and district court nominations. During the first 2 years of President Bush's Presidency we moved forward to confirm 100 of his judicial nominees. Republican obstruction of President Obama's nominations makes it unlikely that the Senate will reach 50 such confirmations. Last year they allowed only 12 Federal circuit and district court nominees to be confirmed, the lowest number in more than 50 years.  Today, thanks to the perseverance of the majority leader and the Senators from Pennsylvania, we will consider and confirm only the 19th of President Obama's Federal circuit and district court nominees. I have already noted Judge Vanaskie's qualifications. There is no dispute that he is well qualified. Indeed, the only concern his opponents have raised is their fixation that no Federal judge be aware of foreign law. As Senator Specter has explained, the matter on which Judge Vanaskie is criticized was a case involving an international treaty. To those whose ideology clouds their judgment, I remind them that the Constitution of the United States, our Constitution, expressly provides that the judicial power of the United States extends to cases arising under the Constitution, laws of the United States ``and Treaties.'' Treaties are international by their nature. How treaties are interpreted by other courts in other jurisdictions is relevant. In fact, Justice Scalia observed, when writing for the unanimous Court in Zicherman v. Korean Air Lines Co., 516 U.S. 217, 226 (1996):       Because a treaty ratified by the United States is not only      the law of the land, see U.S. Const., Art. II, Sec.  2, but      also an agreement among sovereign powers, we have      traditionally considered as aids to its interpretation the      negotiating and drafting history (travaux preparatoires) and      postratification understanding of the contracting parties.  I appreciate the significant steps taken by the majority leader to address the crisis created by Senate Republican obstruction of the Senate's advice and consent responsibilities. Their refusal to promptly to consider nominations is a dramatic departure from the Senate's traditional practice of prompt and routine consideration of noncontroversial nominees. The majority leader was required to file five cloture motions to break through the logjam. I, again, urge the Senate Republican leadership to reverse its course and its obstructionist practices. Those practices have obstructed Senate action and led to the backlog of almost 100 nominations pending before the Senate awaiting final action. These are all nominations favorably reported by the committees of jurisdiction. Most are nominations that were reported without opposition or with a small minority of negative votes. Regrettably, this has been an ongoing Republican strategy and practice during President Obama's Presidency. I hope it will now, finally, be abandoned and we will be allowed to make progress after weeks and months of delay.  The vote on the confirmation of Judge Vanaksie's nomination is the first vote on judicial nominations that the Senate will hold in 5 weeks. Despite the dozens of judicial nominations ready for Senate consideration, none has been allowed to move forward for over a month. These are nominations to fill longstanding vacancies in the Federal courts. Of the 25 pending judicial nominations, 18 were reported from the Senate Judiciary Committee without any Republican Senator voting against. I have been urging the Senate Republican leadership for months to allow votes on these noncontroversial nominations and to enter into time agreements to debate the others. We need to clear the backlog of nominations and move forward.  Judicial vacancies have skyrocketed to over 100, more than 40 of which have been designated ``judicial emergencies.'' Caseloads and backlogs continue to grow while vacancies are left open longer and longer. On this date in President Bush's first term, not only had the Senate confirmed 45 Federal district and circuit court judges, but there were just seven judicial nominations on the calendar. All seven were confirmed within 9 days. By the end of this month, which is 9 days from now, we should clear the backlog that Republican obstruction has created and vote on the judicial nominations stalled on the Senate Executive Calendar.  By this date during President Bush's first term, circuit court nominations had waited less than a week, on average, before being voted on and confirmed. By contrast, currently stalled by Senate Republicans are circuit court nominees reported by the Judiciary Committee as long ago as five months, in November of last year. The seven circuit court nominees the Senate has been allowed to consider so far have waited an average of 124 days after being reported before being allowed to be considered and confirmed.  I congratulate Judge Vanaskie and his family on what I expect will be strong bipartisan vote in favor of his confirmation to serve on the Third Circuit. His confirmation is long overdue.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Franken). Under the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Thomas I. Vanaskie, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit.  