President, this Sunday, June 20, is World Refugee Day. On June 20, 2001, we recognized World Refugee Day for the first time, in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the 1951 Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees.  At the end of the last century, war and ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia left many people without a home or the protection of their country of origin. The Rwandan genocide of 1994 and the subsequent wars in the Democratic Republic of Congo forced refugees to flee to Tanzania and other neighboring states. As of last fall, over 300,000 individuals in Tanzania werestill waiting for safe, third country resettlement. The dissolution of the former Soviet Union, followed by war and ethnic strife in Chechnya, the Caucasus, and Central Asian successor states, created millions of refugees and internally displaced persons. Some of these former Soviet citizens were left stateless and remain so, unable to claim the rights or protection of any nation.  Despite these tragic events, the first World Refugee Day was an occasion of great hope. It provided an opportunity to celebrate the perseverance of refugees as they begin new lives in foreign lands, join new communities, learn new languages, and help their families adjust. The inaugural World Refugee Day celebrated the hard work of organizations such as the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and other voluntary agencies dedicated to serving refugees. The day also acknowledged the personal contributions of volunteers in the United States and around the world to help refugees resettle in their communities. Finally, World Refugee Day raised awareness about the challenging conditions faced by refugees, whether they are fleeing violence and persecution, or waiting in a camp, hoping that a safe nation will welcome them and provide them security.  The last 10 years have not been easy for refugees. War and conflict around the globe have produced more refugees, yet the financial crisis and global economic downturn have made it more difficult for comparatively wealthy countries to contribute funds to support refugees and resettlement programs. For refugees recently resettled in the United States, the high unemployment rate, increased demand for low income housing, and strain on community service providers has made it more difficult for these new Americans to start to build their new lives.  After the September 11, 2001, attacks, certain changes to U.S. asylum law were enacted that have the effect of denying protection to genuine refugees, such as child soldiers and women forced into sexual slavery, if their coerced actions are labeled as ``material support'' for terrorism.  Throughout this difficult time, I have remained proud of the role that our country plays in supporting refugees and internally displaced persons abroad and helping refugees resettle in the United States. Since the 1980 Refugee Act was enacted, more than 2.6 million refugees and asylum seekers have been resettled in the United States.  My home State of Vermont has welcomed more than 5,300 refugees since 1989. In 2001, the same year as the first World Refugee Day, the first group of the ``Lost Boys'' of Sudan was resettled in Vermont. These boys had traveled hundreds of miles by foot to escape war and ethnic- and religious-based persecution. They were warehoused in refugee camps in Kenya and Ethiopia before being resettled in the United States. In the 9 years since they have arrived in Vermont, many have graduated from college, and some have gone on to attend graduate school.  Vermont has received refugees from across the globe, including Bosnia, Burundi, Vietnam, Somalia, and Russia. Hundreds of Vermonters have volunteered to help these refugees adapt to life in Vermont, welcoming them into their homes, schools, and places of worship. The newcomers have had a profound effect on life in Vermont, starting small businesses, excelling in local soccer teams, creating art, running community gardens, and sharing their cultures. In one Vermont school district, all signs are in English, Vietnamese, and Serbo-Croatian, reflecting just a few of the many languages spoken by the diverse student population. Not only do the Vermont-born students learn a little more about the world from their classmates who are refugees, but they also learn an important lesson about the resolve and durability of the human spirit.  While I am proud of the United States' long-standing commitment to refugees, I believe that we as lawmakers can do better for the world's most vulnerable populations. That is why I introduced S.3113, the Refugee Protection Act of 2010. The bill will bring the United States back into compliance with the Refugee Convention. Through modifications to the statute and misinterpretations of law in court decisions, the United States is falling short in some areas of refugee protection. The bill corrects serious problems in our law, such as the material support provision, which can prevent innocent victims of persecution from gaining protection. It also repeals the one-year filing deadline for asylum seekers in the United States. The deadline was unnecessary when it was added to the law in 1996, and remains unnecessary now. The bill also improves due process protections for asylum seekers without lowering the standards that one must meet in order to gain refugee status.  For resettled refugees in the United States, the bill ensures that per capita grants to assist these new Americans are adjusted every year to reflect the cost of living and inflation. The Obama administration raised the per capita grant level this year after it had languished at an unacceptably low level for years. I commend that action, but want to ensure the number does not remain stagnant.  I thank Senators Levin, Akaka, Durbin, and Burris for their support of the Refugee Protection Act. I hope that on World Refugee Day, others will join us in helping victims of persecution worldwide.  