President, it is interesting, as the distinguished Presiding Officer reported, that we are going to have these nominees. I say it is interesting because the Senate is being allowed to confirm only 3 of 19 judicial nominations that have been reported unanimously by the Senate Judiciary Committee over the past several months, but they have been stalled by the Republican leadership.  The distinguished Presiding Officer is one of the most valued members of the Senate Judiciary Committee. He has seen time and time again, we vote a nominee out, with every single Republican voting for the person and every single Democrat voting for the person. Then the nominee spends months waiting because they are being stalled by the Republican side of the aisle.  Of course, it is far more than just an annoyance to the nominees who are being stalled. Say, for instance, that someone receives a nomination from the President of the United States to become a judge. Perhaps they are in a law firm. The partners all come in, congratulate the nominee, and say: This is absolutely wonderful. When are you leaving?  Now, as a practical matter this person cannot take on new cases, and the law firm has to be hesitant about what they take on so they do not have a conflict of interest later on before the Court. One can see how almost childish it becomes now to hold up a nominee who, eventually, when they are finally allowed to have a vote, will be confirmed unanimously or close to unanimously.  In the meantime, their lives have been disrupted, the judiciary itself is put in disarray, people question our judiciary which is supposed to be nonpolitical, nonpartisan, and all of a sudden, looks as though it is ping pong.  The nominees we have here, these three women, were confirmed in early March. The distinguished Presiding Officer and I were there. They all were reported out without a single objection from the Senate Judiciary Committee, in early March. Three exceptional women. And these three women have been delayed for this considerable period of time by the Republican objections. There is no explanation; no excuse; no reason for these months of delay of these women, especially when all members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Democratic and Republican, voted for these three women.  But they are just 3 of the backlog of 26 judicial nominees awaiting final Senate action, and 19 of the 26 were reported by the Judiciary Committee without a single negative vote from any Republican or Democratic Senator on the committee. This is not fair to the nominees, certainly not fair to these three women. It is not fair to any of the other nominees. In addition, 6 of the 7 Republicans on the Committee voted in favor of nominee Judge Wynn to the Fourth Circuit, and nearly half of the Republicans on the Committee supported the nomination of Jane Stranch to the Sixth Circuit. It is not fair to these nominees and it is not fair to the Federal judiciary. Still Republicans refuse to enter into time agreements on these nominations. This stalling and obstruction is unprecedented.  The Senate is well behind the pace I set for President Bush's judicial nominees in 2001 and 2002. By this date in President Bush's presidency--and I was chairman at that time--the Senate had confirmed 57 of his judicial nominees, both district court judges and courts of appeal.  Even after the three today will all be confirmed unanimously, the comparison will stand at 28 to 57. That is still less than half of what we were able to achieve by this date in 2002. I mention that because we had a Democratic majority and a Republican President, and we were treating President Bush's nominees far more fairly than they are treating President Obama's nominees.  What makes it even worse than playing politics with the independent judiciary is that Federal judicial vacancies around the country hover around 100. It has been nearly a month since the Senate confirmed a judicial nominee. None of the more than two dozen available for consideration before the Memorial Day recess were considered. This Republican obstruction is unprecedented. This is not how the Senate should act, nor how the Senate has conducted its business in the past. This is new and this is wrong.  In May, just before the last recess, the Republican leader implied in a statement before this body that the Republican obstruction is merely a ``sequencing'' of judicial nominations that ``is acceptable to both sides''. That is not true.  Over the recess, I sent a letter to Senator McConnell and to the majority leader concerning these matters. In that letter, I urge as I have since last December, that the Senate schedule votes on judicial nominees without further obstruction and delays; vote them up or vote them down. I called on Republican leadership to work with the majority leader to schedule immediate votes on consensus nominations--many of which I expect will be confirmed unanimously--and consent to time agreements on those which debate is requested. As I said in the letter, if there are judicial nominations that Republicans truly wish to filibuster--after they argued during the Bush administration that such actions would be unconstitutional and wrong--then they should so indicate to allow the majority leader to seek cloture to end the filibuster. Otherwise it is time to vote.  I would think that there should also be some respect for the committee where every single Republican and every single Democrat voted for them. Vote for them. Vote up or vote down. We are not elected to vote ``maybe.'' There are only 100 of us for 300 million Americans, and the American people expect us to say ``yes'' or say ``no,'' not ``maybe.'' This delay is a big ``maybe.'' It is wrong. It is unfair to these judicial nominees. It is unfair to the independence of the Federal judiciary. It is unfair to the people of America. It is certainly unprecedented in my 36 years here. I have never seen anything such as this.  I ask unanimous consent that a copy of that letter be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my statement.  