President, today, the Senate considers bipartisan legislation to make a number of improvements in the way the Copyright Office functions. This bill will also clarify certain areas of copyright law to provide certainty, and make technical corrections to the Code. The Copyright Office has done a terrific job, as it always does, assisting Congress in finding inefficiencies in the law and recommending appropriate changes. I appreciate the Senate acting swiftly to pass this bill.  This bill is another bipartisan effort to improve the copyright laws. Similar to the Trademark Technical and Conforming Amendments Act, today's legislation makes commonsense improvements to the copyright system that will make it more efficient. Congress should work in a bipartisan fashion to find inefficiencies and correct them. We are doing that today.  The provisions of the bill fall into three categories: those designed to make the Office's operations more efficient; those designed to clarify issues of copyright law made unclear either by recent court decisions or by ambiguities in the statute; and those that are technical.  In the first category, the Copyright Office has requested two statutory changes that will facilitate their transition to digital files and record keeping. These changes will also make it easier for filers to submit documents electronically.  In the second category, the bill clarifies, for instance, that the exclusive licensee of a work may further license the work in the absence of an agreement to the contrary. There are inefficiencies that arise from a lack of clarity in the statute, particularly as circuit splits arise. The bill makes other clarifications, such as that the distribution of a phonorecord prior to 1978 shall not constitute a publication of a dramatic and literary work included init. Congress made this clarification with respect to musical works in 1997, and we do so with respect to other works today.  In the third category, the bill includes numerous technical corrections. Finally, this legislation fulfills a commitment I made to the chairman and ranking member of the House of Representatives Committee on the Judiciary just before the House passed the Trademark Technical and Conforming Amendments Act. The chairman and ranking member suggested that we strike the words ``by corporations'' from section 4 of that law. I agreed, and offered to include such an amendment in subsequent legislation. That change is included in this bill.  I am pleased to be joined by the Judiciary Committee ranking member, Senator Sessions, in sponsoring this legislation. This is a bipartisan effort. Just as we acted quickly to pass the Trademark Technical and Confirming Amendments Act earlier this year, I hope Congress will come together to promptly send this legislation to the President to be signed into law.  