President, I commend the Senate in promptly passing the Leahy-Cornyn Faster FOIA Act of 2010--an important measure to improve the administration of the Freedom of Information Act, FOIA. This bill will establish a bipartisan commission to examine the root causes of agency FOIA delays and to recommend to the Congress and the President steps to help eliminate FOIA backlogs.  Senator Cornyn and I first introduced this bill in 2005 to address the growing problem of excessive FOIA delays within our Federal agencies. In the 5 years since, we have successfully worked together to reinvigorate FOIA through several other legislative initiatives. I thank Senator Cornyn for his work on this bill and for his leadership on this issue. I also thank Senators Feingold, Whitehouse and Klobuchar, who have cosponsored this bill. We have also worked with Senator Grassley and Senator Sessions to make further improvements.  The Obama administration has also made significant progress in improving the FOIA process. In March, the administration announced that the number of overdue FOIA cases fell by 50 percent governmentwide during the past year. This is good news. But large FOIA backlogs remain a major roadblock to public access to information.  According to the Department of Justice's Freedom of Information Act Annual Report for Fiscal Year 2009, the Department had a backlog of almost 5,000 FOIA requests at the end of 2009. The Department of Homeland Security's report for the same period shows a backlog of 18,918 FOIA requests.  The Associated Press recently reported that more than 67,000 overdue FOIA requests remain outstanding across the Federal Government. Their report also indicates that that the government's use of FOIA exemptions to withhold information from the public which often contributes to FOIA delays increased during fiscal year 2009.  Senator Cornyn and I believe that these delays are simply unacceptable. And that is why we introduced this bill.  The Commission created by the Faster FOIA Act will make key recommendations to Congress and the President for reducing impediments to the efficient processing of FOIA requests. The Commission will also study why Federal agencies are relying more and more on FOIA exemptions to withhold information from the public. In addition, the Commission will examine whether the current system for charging fees and granting fee waivers under FOIA should be modified. The Commission will be made up of government and nongovernmental representatives with a broad range of experience related to handling FOIA requests.  I have said many times that open government is neither a Democratic issue nor a Republican issue--it is truly an American value and virtue that we all must uphold. The Senate will unanimously pass this bipartisan legislation. I hope that the House of Representatives will promptly consider this bill so that Congress can send it to the President before the end of the year.  