Today, the Senate is being allowed to confirm only a few more of the 28 judicial nominations that have been reported by the Senate Judiciary Committee over the past several months, but which have been stalled by the Republican leadership. We have yet to be allowed to consider nominations reported last November. In addition to the three nominations being considered today, there are another 17 judicial nominations available that were all reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee. There is no excuse and no reason for these months of delay. The Senate Republican leadership refuses to enter into time agreements on these nominations. This stalling and obstruction is unprecedented.  The Senate is well behind the pace I set for President Bush's judicial nominees in 2001 and 2002. By this date in President Bush's Presidency, the Senate had confirmed 57 of his judicial nominees. Despite the fact that President Obama began sending us judicial nominations 2 months earlier than did President Bush, the Senate has to date only confirmed 28 of his Federal circuit and district court nominees. After today's 3 confirmations, the comparison will stand at 31 to 57, which is barely half of what we were able to achieve by this date in 2002. Another useful comparison is that in 2002, the second year of the Bush administration, we confirmed 72 Federal circuit and district judges. In this second year of the Obama administration, we confirmed 16 so far. In fact, our Senate Republicans have allowed so few nominees to be considered that in 1 hour today, the Senate is going to have three confirmations. That will increase our judicial confirmations for the year by almost 20 percent. Meanwhile, Federal judicial vacancies around the country hover around 100.  This is the second year of the Obama administration. Although vacancies have been at historic highs, Senate Republicans last year refused to move forward on judicial nominees. The Senate confirmed the fewest in 50 years. The Senate Republican leadership allowed only 12 Federal circuit and district court nominees to be considered and confirmed despite the availability of many more for final action. They have continued their obstruction throughout this year. Only 16 Federal circuit and district court nominees have been confirmed so far this year, although another 28 have been reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee.  About a week or so ago, three distinguished women were confirmed by virtually unanimous votes. These nominees were reported unanimously by the Senate Judiciary Committee back in March; all Democrats and Republicans voted for them. These three distinguished women put their lives on hold and were still held up for months before they were allowed to be confirmed.  To put these delays into historical perspective, consider this: In 1982, the second year of the Reagan administration, the Senate confirmed 47 judges. In 1990, the second year of the George H.W. Bush administration, the Senate confirmed 55 judges. In 1994, the second year of the Clinton administration, the Senate confirmed 99 judges. In 2002, the second year of the George W. Bush administration, the Senate confirmed 72 judges. The only year comparable to this year's record-setting low total of 16 was 1996, when the Republican Senate majority refused to consider President Clinton's judicial nominees and only 17 were confirmed all session.  Senate Democrats moved forward with judicial nominees whether the President was Democratic, as in 1994, or Republican, as in 1982, 1990, and 2002, and whether we were in the Senate majority, as we were in 1990, 1994, and 2002, or in the Senate minority as in 1982. Senate Republicans by contrast have shown an unwillingness to consider judicial nominees of Democratic Presidents. They did in 1996, 2009, and 2010.  Over the last recess, I sent a letter to Senator McConnell and to the majority leader concerning these matters. In that letter, I urged, as I have since last December, the Senate to schedule votes on these nominations without further obstruction or delay. I called on the Republican leadership to work with the majority leader to schedule immediate votes on consensus nominations--many, like those finally being considered today, I expect will be confirmed unanimously--and consent to time agreements on those on which debate is requested. As I said in the letter, if there are judicial nominations that Republicans truly wish to filibuster--after arguing during the Bush administration that such action would be unconstitutional and wrong--then they should so indicate to allow the majority leader to seek cloture to end the filibuster.  The three nominees being considered today were all reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee way back in March. They could have been confirmed, they should have been confirmed long before now.  They are supported by their home State Senators. I note that in all three cases, that means both a Democratic Senator and a Republican Senator.  Judge Tanya Walton Pratt has been nominated to serve as a Federal district court judge in the Southern District of Indiana. If confirmed, Judge Pratt will be the first African-American Federal judge in Indiana history. The Judiciary Committee reported her nomination favorably without dissent on March 4, more than 3 months ago. Judge Pratt is currently a Marion County Superior Court judge where she has served since 1997. The substantial majority of the ABA rated Judge Pratt ``well qualified'' to serve on the U.S. District Court Southern District of Indiana. She has 17 years of judicial experience and has the support of both home State Senators, Republican Senator Lugar and Democratic Senator Bayh.  Brian Jackson's nomination to the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana was reported by voice vote by the Judiciary Committee on March 18, nearly 3 months ago, and has the support of both home State Senators, Democratic Senator Landrieu and Republican Senator Vitter. The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated Mr. Jackson well qualified to be a U.S. District Judge for the Middle District of Louisiana, its highest possible rating. If confirmed, Mr. Jackson will be the second African-American judge to serve on the district court in the Middle District of Louisiana.  The nomination of Elizabeth Erny Foote to a seat on the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana also has the support of Senator Landrieu and Senator Vitter. Ms. Foote has worked for the past 30 years in private practice at The Smith Foote Law Firm in Alexandria, LA, after clerking for Judge William Culpepper of the Louisiana Third Circuit Court of Appeals. When she began her legal practice in Alexandria, she was only the fourth woman ever to do so. Her nomination was reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee by voice vote with no dissent on March 18 and has been awaiting Senate action ever since.  I congratulate the three of them and predict all three will be confirmed.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be able to use my remaining time as in morning business.  