President, for 34 years in the Senate it was my privilege and honor to serve alongside Senator Ted Stevens of Alaska. Today, I would like to pay tribute to Ted, a dedicated public servant, a respected lawmaker, and a man I was proud to call my friend.  Ted Stevens loved this country, and he dedicated nearly his entire life to public service. He served as a pilot in World War II, as a U.S. district attorney, as a senior member of the U.S. Interior Department, and as a U.S. Senator. Ted loved his State. In fact, he assisted in its birth as a State. During his more than four decades in the Senate, he was an unrelenting and unabashed advocate for Alaska and its people. I know no other Senator who has filled so central a role in their State's public and economic life as did Ted Stevens. He was a man many Alaskans knew simply as ``Uncle Ted.''  The fight for Alaskan statehood was Ted's principal work at the Department of the Interior, and, over time, he developed another appropriate nickname: ``Mr. Alaska.'' After leaving Interior, Ted returned to Alaska and was elected to the Alaska House of Representatives in 1964. In 1968 he was appointed to the U.S. Senate, and today he remains the longest serving Republican Senator in history.  In the Senate, he was a tough negotiator and a savvy legislator, but he was always fair. He was an old-school Senator, and he kept his word. During the challenging years after statehood, Ted helped transform Alaska, playing key roles shaping the State's economic and social development. A staunch defender of the Alaskan way of life, he championed legislation to protect the fishing industry, to build the Alaska oil pipeline, to protect millions of acres of wilderness area, and to address longstanding issues surrounding aboriginal land claims. While he and I have not agreed on some issues, I have never questioned his commitment to do what he believed was right for his State and its people.  I know it can sound repetitive when people hear Senators make remarks such as these about our colleagues. But I think it is important for the public to know that despite all the squabbling that goes on in Washington, there is the deep respect, affection, and caring that goes on among the Senate's Members, who work side by side and day by day on the Nation's business and on the concerns of their constituents.  I was last with Ted at Bob Byrd's funeral. I had asked him if he would sit with me because we had not seen each other for a while and it gave us a chance to get caught up. I told him again how much his friendship meant to me and how much I missed him in the Senate. We talked about the number of pieces of legislation we had worked on together and both spoke of Ted being part of the old school of Senators--those who always stuck with agreements they had made and our concern that was not the way some were today. It was a sad day being at a memorial service, but it was a special day being with Ted.  Ted was a statesman, a public servant, and one of my closest friends in the Senate. I consider myself fortunate to have known him and served with him.  Marcelle and I wish Catherine and all his family our best wishes.  