today the Senate passed a new version of theIntelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (S. 3611) with a manager's amendment to address key concerns of the Judiciary Committee. I appreciate the commitment of Senator Feinstein, the chair of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, to work with me to strengthen this important legislation. The bill the Senate has approved recognizes the shared jurisdiction of the committee on the Judiciary and the Select Committee on Intelligence in several legislative areas.  Last fall, when an earlier version of this bill--S. 1494--was considered by the Senate, I recognized that several provisions in the bill fell under the jurisdiction of the Judiciary Committee. Senator Feinstein and I engaged in serious negotiations concerning these provisions. We negotiated agreements regarding exemptions to the Freedom of Information Act, FOIA, as well as numerous reporting requirements, such as a significant, new requirement for the Federal Bureau of Investigation--FBI--an agency clearly under the jurisdiction of the Judiciary Committee, and an important new cybersecurity oversight provision.  Negotiations I undertook with Senator Feinstein last fall on the earlier version of the bill narrowed the operational files FOIA exemption for information provided by intelligence agencies to the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, ODNI, and struck a FOIA (b)(3) exemption for terrorist identity information. Those agreements were preserved in the new version of the bill, S. 3611.  Senator Feinstein has told me she is also committed to ensuring that the Judiciary Committee will receive reports required by the bill's section 337, Cybersecurity Oversight. I appreciate Senator Feinstein's support for these improvements. The manager's amendment to the intelligence authorization bill agreed to today explicitly identifies the Judiciary Committee as a recipient of relevant reporting provisions.  The intelligence authorization bill includes several reporting requirements that involve areas of long-standing interest and jurisdiction of the Judiciary Committee. The new version of the bill, S. 3611, ensures that the Judiciary Committee is a recipient of those reports. Section 333 of the bill directs the Director of National Intelligence to provide a comprehensive report on all measures taken by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and by elements of the intelligence community to comply with the provisions of applicable law, international obligations, and executive orders relating to the detention and interrogation activities of the intelligence community. These include compliance with the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005; the Military Commissions Act of 2006; common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions; the Convention Against Torture; Executive Order 13492, relating to lawful interrogations; and Executive Order 13493, relating to detention policy options.  The managers' amendment to the intelligence authorization bill modifies section 333 to ensure that to the extent that the report addresses an element of the intelligence community within the Department of Justice, it shall be submitted, along with associated material, to the Judiciary Committees of the House and Senate. This reporting requirement is a cornerstone of the agreement I reached with Senator Feinstein last year. I am pleased to see it retained in the bill we passed today.  I fought for years to obtain information about the Bush administration's detention and interrogation policies and practices, and the legal advice from that administration authorizing those policies and practices. The last administration refused to give this information to Congress, instead issuing secret legal advice that misconstrued our laws and international obligations with regard to the treatment of people in our custody. Years later we found out that the administration had sanctioned cruel interrogation techniques, including torture. It is imperative that the Judiciary Committee be fully informed of the extent to which the government is complying with our laws and international treaties relating to detention and interrogation in order to be able to conduct proper oversight and ensure that our government cannot shield policies that authorize practices in violation of our laws. The Judiciary Committee is an important partner in this oversight.  Section 405 of the bill establishes a new Office of Inspector General of the intelligence community to conduct independent investigations, inspections, audits and reviews on programs and activities conducted under the authority of the Director of National Intelligence. Under this new authority, the inspector general is required to submit a semiannual report to the Director of National Intelligence summarizing its activities. The amendment incorporated into S. 1494 last fall, and carried over to S. 3611, modifies the reporting provision to require the inspector general to submit reports that focus on government officials to the committees of the Senate and the House of Representatives with jurisdiction over the department that official represents.  Section 405 of the bill creates an entirely new inspector general with significant authority and responsibility in the intelligence community. That authority will implicate agencies within the jurisdiction of the Judiciary Committee, including the Department of Justice and components of the Department of Homeland Security. I believe this modification to the bill provides an important recognition of the Judiciary Committee's need to be involved in the investigations and activities of this new inspector general.  Another significant new provision is section 445 of the bill, Report and Assessment on Transformation of the Intelligence Capabilities of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which creates a broad new reporting requirement for the FBI. The Judiciary Committee has always had primary oversight over the FBI. As the FBI takes on more responsibility in the areas of intelligence and national security, its policies and practices in these areas must be subject to the oversight of Congress. The Intelligence Committees have particular expertise that make them an important partner in this oversight. However, it is the Judiciary Committee that has the primary legislative and oversight responsibilities over the FBI.  I am very pleased that the bill passed today contains several important improvements that I recommended to strengthen FOIA. I am particularly pleased that the bill, as amended, does not contain a broad and unnecessary exemption to FOIA's disclosure requirements for terrorist identity information. That provision was included in an earlier version of the bill, but I worked to ensure it was struck it prior to passage of S. 1494 last fall. It is not included in S. 3611, the successor to S. 1494.  No one would quibble with the notion that our government can--and should--keep some information secret to protect our national security. But, in the case of terrorist identity information, our government has successfully withheld this sensitive information under the existing FOIA exemptions for classified and law enforcement information. In addition, the many instances of mistaken identities and other errors on terrorist watchlists and ``no-fly'' lists make it clear that FOIA can be a valuable tool to help innocent Americans redress and correct mistakes on these lists.  Lastly, as a result of my negotiations with Senator Feinstein last fall, S. 3611 narrows the exemption to FOIA's search requirements for operational files information that the Nation's intelligence agencies share with the ODNI. The bill makes it clear that operational files that are already exempt from these search requirements retain this exemption under circumstances where the files are disseminated to the ODNI. This carefully crafted compromise will help ensure both effective information sharing among our intelligence agencies and the free flow of information to the American public.  I believe that S. 3611 and the managers amendment passed today recognize the value and significance of the shared jurisdiction in many areas of national security between the Judiciary and Intelligence Committees. The Judiciary Committee has long engaged in oversight and legislative activity regarding cyber threats and cybersecurity. Senator Feinstein and I have worked together in the Judiciary Committee for many years on these issues, and we both recognize the shared jurisdiction and responsibilities of the Judiciary and Intelligence Committeeswith regard to oversight of cyber matters and cybersecurity.  I appreciate Senator Feinstein's cooperation in adopting these improvements. In a letter sent to me yesterday, August 3, 2010, Senator Feinstein reiterated her commitment to work with the Judiciary Committee in the area of cyber matters. I ask unanimous consent to have her August 3, 2010 letter printed in the Record. I also ask unanimous consent to print in the Record an exchange of letters between Senator Feinstein and myself dated September 15 and 16, 2009, that discussed Senate jurisdiction over the section in the bill that addresses cybersecurity oversight. In the earlier version of the bill, S. 1494, the section was numbered 340. In the new version of the bill, S. 3611, the cybersecurity oversight section is numbered 337.  