President, I am pleased that the Senate will pass the Animal Crush Video Prohibition Act. In doing so, we have taken this important step toward banning obscene animal crush videos, and I thank Senators Kyl, Merkley and Burr for their leadership on this issue. We worked on a bipartisan basis to ensure that this legislation respects the first amendment and the role of our court system, while at the same time giving law enforcement a valuable and necessary tool to stop obscene animal cruelty. I urge the House to quickly adopt the legislation.  Earlier this year, in United States v. Stevens, the Supreme Court struck down a Federal statute banning depictions of animal cruelty because it held the statute to be overbroad and in violation of the first amendment. Animal crush videos, which can depict obscene, extreme acts of animal cruelty, were a primary target of that legislation.  Two months ago, in response to the Stevens decision, the House overwhelmingly passed a narrower bill banning animal crush videos on obscenity grounds. The Senate Judiciary Committee regularly looks at questions raised by Supreme Court decisions and the first amendment, and the House-passed bill was referred to the Senate Judiciary Committee for consideration.  There are a few well-established exceptions to the first amendment. The United States has long prohibited the interstate sale of obscene materials, and the Supreme Court recognized this exception to the first amendment in 1957. Earlier this month, the Judiciary Committee held a hearing focused on the obscene nature of many animal crush videos. We heard testimony from experts who confirmed that many animal crush videos depict extreme acts of animal cruelty which are designed to appeal to a specific, prurient, sexual fetish. Indeed, these animal crush videos are patently offensive, lack any redeeming social value, and can be banned consistent with the Supreme Court's obscenity jurisprudence. In drafting the substitute amendment to the House bill, we were careful to respect the role that courts and juries play in determining obscenity. In any given case, it will be up to the prosecutor to prove and the jury to determine whether a given depiction is obscene, because obscenity is a separate element of the crime. The other element that occurs in animal crush videos and which warrants a higher punishment than simple obscenity is thatit involves the intentional torture or pain to a living animal. Congress finds this combination deplorable and worthy of special punishment. That is why the maximum penalty is higher than general obscenity law.  The United States also has a history of prohibiting speech that is integral to criminal conduct. The acts of animal cruelty depicted in many animal crush videos violate State laws, but these laws are hard to enforce. The acts of cruelty are often committed in a clandestine manner that allows the perpetrators to remain anonymous. The nature of the videos also makes it extraordinarily difficult to establish the jurisdiction necessary to prosecute the crimes. Given the severe difficulties that State law enforcement agencies have encountered in attempting to investigate and prosecute the underlying conduct, reaffirming Congress's commitment to closing the distribution network for obscene animal crush videos is an effective means of combating the crimes of extreme animal cruelty that they depict.  I have long been a champion of first amendment rights. As the son of Vermont printers, I know firsthand that the freedom of speech is the cornerstone of our democracy. This is why I have worked hard to pass legislation such as the SPEECH Act, which protects American authors, journalists and publishers from foreign libel lawsuits that undermine the first amendment.  Today the Senate struck the right balance between the first amendment and the needs of law enforcement, while adhering to the separation of powers enshrined in our Constitution. I commend the bipartisan coalition that worked hard, alongside the Humane Society and first amendment experts, to strike this balance, and I look forward to the time when obscene animal crush videos no longer threaten animal welfare.  