Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the amendment that is pending.  First, because we are starting a new week, there should be no one who is confused by what is happening. We have a filibuster by amendment going on on the floor. We understand that. This particular one is about vocational education, $11\1/2\ million out of here into vocational education.  My side of the aisle are very strong supporters of vocational education. Under the Contract With America, in 1995, I dare say every Member on the ``mental'' side of the aisle there voted for this, perhaps I am wrong, I have not checked the specific record, and if I have mischaracterized, you will tell me, I am sure, in 1996 the rescission for vocational education was $119 million. You wanted to cut from vocational education. It was one of the first acts you did in 1995 when the Contract With America came on line. It was in the rescission bill.  Then, my friends, you had the fiscal year 1996 bill available to you. The Contract With America proposed that bill, cut Government, $326 million cut in vocational education.  I dare say all the previous speakers tonight voted for that bill. Maybe not. I have not checked the record. I am just speculating on that.  The overwhelming majority of Republicans voted for that bill, sent it to the President, he vetoed it, and they lamented the fact he vetoed it.  Mr. Chairman, I rise this evening in opposition to the Blunt amendment. We need OSHA to assist in ensuring the safety and health of more than 90 million people working in more than 6 million workplaces.  The statistics are staggering. Every day in this country an average of 154 workers lose their lives as a result of workplace injuries or illness. One worker is injured every 5 seconds. Within its current budget, OSHA has only 900 inspectors to oversee 6 million sites.  The compliance assistance program, and that is what we are talking about in this amendment, we are not talking about the examples that you bring up. Everybody has a horror story about OSHA, and, frankly, I think there are some horror stories and we ought to get on that. As a matter of fact, as the gentleman from Illinois [Chairman Porter] so correctly observed, Joe Dear was brought in by the Clinton administration to overcome those horror stories.  What we are talking about in this instance is not inspections, but compliance assistance, going in and assisting businesses in making their places more safe, less risky; not to cite, but to assist.  As a result of workplace injuries or illnesses, as I said, one worker is injured every 5 seconds. The compliance assistance program, which the Blunt amendment would cut, has received overwhelming support from the business community. There are long waiting lists for compliance assistance visits. People are asking this unit to come out and assist them so their workplaces will be safer.  I want to tell my friends, in Calvert County, which I have the privilege of representing, there is an extraordinary place of business, produces some of the trash cans you see around here that will last for 20 or 30 years, a small company, and MOSHA has been by and they have told me how helpful MOSHA, which is the Maryland Occupational Safety and Health Agency, how helpful they have been in terms of compliance, and not confrontational, but positive and assisting in their attitude. I have heard that with respect to OSHA as well.  As I said, there are long waiting lists for people to get this assistance. It saves businesses large fines imposed during inspections by working with businesses to identify safety problems before inspections and before injuries occur. Employer and employee interests are protected by this program.  OSHA, of course, is required by law to perform inspections, and, therefore, cannot choose if this amendment passed to take $11.5 million from inspections, which clearly much complaint has been made about, and switch that to compliance assistance. The reason being because they do not have sufficient resources to do the inspections.  OSHA cannot choose, therefore, to simply shift this money. The Blunt amendment would undermine OSHA's ability to enforce and to assist businesses with complying, and to enforce the very worker protection laws that Congress implemented.  