Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey] for yielding me the time.  I will obviously support this legislation in its present form. It is unfortunate that we did not do this some 60 to 70 days ago. I rise to congratulate the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey], to congratulate the President of the United States, who, once again, stood on principle and said that we need to act, but I am not going to act at the point of a gun, I am not going to condone that with which I do not agree.  There was unanimity 84 days ago, the day after the President asked for this relief, that we ought to ask, ought to move, but those victims of rain and flood should have help. I want to congratulate the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Livingston], the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations and my good friend, and I want to congratulate as well my good friend, the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Young], the chairman of the Subcommittee on Defense Appropriation, and of course my good friend, the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Callahan], is to be congratulated just on general principles.  But the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Livingston] and the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Young] said that we ought to pass a CR, or supplemental appropriation, which said that we ought to help the flood victims and we ought to take care of our troops. Everybody agreed on that, but the lesson of November 1995 and December 1995 and, I say to my friend, the gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Tiahrt], January of 1996 has not yet been learned. I say to my friend from Kansas, he can say as many times as he wants that the President wanted to shut down the Government. Nobody will believe him because that is inaccurate and wrong.  I say to my friend that he and the overwhelming majority of his colleagues in November and December and January of 1995 and 1996 repeatedly voted against clean CR's, which would have opened the Government, made services available to the American public; repeatedly I say to my friend, he voted against those clean resolutions.  Why? So that he could include and his colleagues could include items that they clearly knew were unacceptable to the President of the United States and they do not like the democratic process that was set up by our Founding Fathers that said, send something to the President; he vetoes it; and if two-thirds of the Congress disagree, you can pass it into law.  The reason I rise is not only because the gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Tiahrt] I think is not accurately portraying what is the President's view, who wants to keep Government open, and as the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey] said, the opposite of your leadership said they were going to close down Government, but to say let us learn the lesson, let us learn the lesson that we ought to allow the democratic legislative process to operate as our Founding Fathers planned it to be.  Do not once again try to muscle the President of the United States by putting something clearly unacceptable on an item that we all agree on, that ought to pass, that is good policy, that America wants to see us move. If my colleagues have an item, such as sampling, we disagree on, I disagree with my good friend from Mississippi on this issue, but if we have an item, then put the bill on the floor and send it forward. It will be vetoed, I understand that, have it brought back here, and if in the democratic process we override that veto, then they will prevail. But otherwise they should not prevail because the framework did not allow for it. But do not hold hostage either the Government or Government workers or ravaged victims of flood.  