Speaker.  Mr. Speaker, we promised and we delivered. In August 1981, President Reagan, when he signed the tax bill of 1981, said that we will balance the budget as a result of this bill by October 1, 1983. That was the promise. What was delivered? Four and one-half trillion dollars of new debt.  Two courageous Presidents looked that debt in the eye and acted. One was a Republican, George Bush. In 1990, he said the deficit is a problem, and we must act. He was savaged, savaged by his own party and by the Speaker of this House.  In 1993, a courageous President with vision said we must confront this deficit, for this generation and for generations yet to come. Almost to a person, Republicans rose and said the economy is going to go into the dumpster, unemployment will rise, inflation will rise, and deficits will rise.  Mr. Speaker, exactly the opposite happened. Not one Republican had the courage or the vision to vote for the 1993 bill. But for that bill, we would not be here this day.  Mr. Speaker, I intend to support both of these bills. They are not what I would have written, and perhaps what no Member individually would have written, but we have collectively come together and we are going to act. In my opinion, it will be good for people and it will be good for the economy, which is good for our country and for our people.  But let there be no mistake about what the history of this fight has been. Bill Clinton said we needed to confront this deficit, but we needed to do so while investing in our people, in making sure that average working families were advantaged by this particular piece of legislation.  We came to grips with that issue, realizing full well that there would be a political cost, and indeed there was in 1994. There was a cost, because across this land our candidates were attacked as taxers and spenders. But in fact, what they did was bring the deficit down for 5 years in a row, and people say the last time it was done was 1969. That was, of course, following 8 years of Democratic Presidencies through January of 1969, Mr. Speaker; Democratic leadership, we had a balanced budget. And again, we are going to have a balanced budget because of Democratic leadership that has brought the deficit down 5 years in a row, the first time that has happened since before the Civil War.  I stand to say that I am proud of the fact that I voted for that 1993 bill. We would not be here today but for that. I am proud of the fact that my President, your President, has led us to a point where we can balance the budget while investing in America's future and our people.  