Speaker, on behalf of minority leader Gephardt and minority whip Bonior and the chairman of our Caucus, the gentleman from California, Mr. Fazio, all of the leadership and all of the Members on this side of the aisle, I am very pleased to join the distinguished gentlewoman from Florida in congratulating our pages.  Mr. Speaker, the pages represent, as the gentlewoman from Florida [Mrs. Fowler] said, the future. I have risen before on this floor and talked about the page program. I was privileged to be President of the Maryland Senate, and one of the duties of the President of the Maryland Senate was to recruit high school students for the page program.  I would tell, Mr. Speaker, the young people, if I could address them directly, consistent with the rules, I would tell them that this experience will affect you for all of your lives. You will be better citizens. You have had an experience that few citizens in our Nation have. You have been on this floor and seen democracy in action. You have seen how conscientious the Members of this House are.  Too many Americans, I say, Mr. Speaker, if I could directly to the pages, too many Americans do not have a full understanding of how hard Members work. How conscientious they are and how much they care about doing the right thing for their country, irrespective of whether they are conservatives or liberals, moderates, Republicans, Democrats or Independents. You have learned that firsthand. So you will have something that millions and millions of your neighbors and friends and relatives will not have had: firsthand experience, how the greatest democratic institution in the world works.  And you will have the opportunity to go back and tell our fellow citizens, too many of whom tend to be cynical, that the system works and that they need to participate, not necessarily run for Congress, maybe some of you will do that, but to participate by voting, by speaking out, by writing, communicating, by involving themselves in the democratic process.  I am very pleased, Mr. Speaker, to join the very distinguished gentlewoman from Florida as a former member of the Page Board, never a page but an intern to a Member here, so like you, having had an early experience, I say to our young people, go back to your communities, go back to your schools, go back to your States and help teach democracy. Make our country better. We will be the better for it.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me.  