Speaker, this is an important resolution. The outcome of this vote tonight on this resolution will not decide the Sanchez-Dornan case. It will, however, be a statement as to whether or not we are going to proceed in a fair, judicial manner. I agree with the gentleman from California, that is the way we ought to proceed.  The gentleman from Massachusetts observed what has happened with this resolution. In the first instance, the committee proposed the harshest resolution it could ascribe, demanding that a U.S. citizen be indicted for crimes while under investigation by another body, the district attorney. My colleagues, that would not wash. It would not even wash with the majority of the majority party, and so that resolution was rightfully changed, and we did not object to that change.  The title was not changed. It still demands that the U.S. attorney seek criminal action against a citizen who has, as we have pointed out, still his and the organization's constitutional rights to contest the validity of the subpoena that is pending.  This resolution I have called precipitous. I believe it is. In response to the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Diaz-Balart] yesterday, I said that what we ought to do, if we feel this way, is write a letter to the U.S. Attorney and say we think that he ought to take the appropriate action because the subpoena has not been responded to.  My colleagues attempt to adopt my suggestion by adopting language which now says that we demand, as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Frank] pointed out, that pursuant to its determination, that is the U.S. Attorney's office, that it is appropriate, according to the law and the facts. In other words, do what you think is right.  Do we go around passing resolutions through the House of Representatives demanding that people do what they think is right when we know, my friend from California, the gentleman talks about the sanctity of a vote, the sanctity of the Constitution is something we are all sworn to preserve and protect, and it accords to every citizen that when the government moves against him or her that they have a right to go to the courts of this land and say ``I need not respond.''  Let us not put the House of Representatives in a position prematurely of demanding the denigration of that absolute constitutional right. Vote ``no'' on this resolution. Vote ``no'' on the final resolution.  