Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, my colleagues, this is a vote about what we think of ourselves, what we think of this institution, and the trust and confidence we have in those who send us here; a vote on whether we believe that they believe we are worth what they pay us.  This issue is about staying even; not about raises, about staying even. Ask any of our Social Security recipients or our veterans when they get a cost-of-living adjustment if they got a raise, and they will say, my friend, you do not understand. My grocery costs went up, my prescription drugs went up, my oil heat bill went up. Yes, perhaps even my college tuition for my child went up. This is about staying even.  Let me reiterate what the gentleman from California [Mr. Fazio] said. In 1989, the Members of this House, in a courageous and honest vote, said to their constituents, we are not going to take outside income. We will rely only on our salary, not on the payment of special interest gussied up to be honoraria for speeches. In 16 out of 28 years, or 18 out of 26 years, we said we were going to take no cost-of-living adjustment, and as a result, the pent-up needs of our families led us to invoke, from time to time, raises of very substantial proportions, as much as 27 percent.  Our constituents and our public were outraged, because they did not know that we had not gotten a raise the 6 previous years. They did not know that we were catching up. They thought that we were taking some outrageous pay. Can you blame them? Of course not.  So what the gentleman from California [Mr. Fazio] and the Republican leadership proposed was a mechanism whereby we would not do that to ourselves, to this institution, or, very frankly, to add to the cynicism of our public, and that all we would take is a cost-of-living adjustment, which, as I reiterate, keeps us even with the increased costs that we are confronted with on an annual basis. That increased cost would be less by half a point than the private sector increase.  Now, my friends, let me say, so we do not feel badly about what I hope we are going to do, that since 1970, the CPI has increased by 292 percent. Military pay has increased by 320 percent. All private sector pay has increased by 264 percent. Manufacturing blue collar workers, I tell my friends, has increased by 281 percent. Federal retiree pensions increased by 291 percent, just about the CPI Federal civilian pay by 243 percent, and Members of Congress by 207 percent; I tell my friends, again, some 70 percent below manufacturing jobs.  Mr. Speaker and my colleagues, the gentleman from Arizona talked about our Founding Fathers who pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor. Most of us in this body do not have fortunes to pledge, but if, as the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations said, we do not on a regular basis stay even, not a raise, stay even with the increased costs confronted by our families, then, of necessity, we will become a body of those who only have fortunes.  Our honor. I ask every one of my colleagues who has come up to me over the last 10 years and said, I hope you effect a pay raise, to vote for this, for if that is true, there will be about 375 of my colleagues who will vote ``yes'' on the previous question. Vote for exploited children's protection, vote ``yes'' on the previous question, vote ``yes'' on the amendment to instruct the Senate to protect exploited children.  