 Madam Speaker, I would say I reject the simplistic choices set forth by the gentleman from Georgia. They are not, in fact, the choices that are being made. I regret the gentleman is not listening to me, but to set up such a simplistic choice between A and B, and with the hypothesis if you are not for this bill, you are not for the drug fight, is absolutely incorrect. The gentleman is still not listening to me. C'est la guerre.  Madam Speaker, as ranking member of the Subcommittee on Treasury, Postal Service and General Government, I rise to urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 2610. This bill does not simply reauthorize the Office of National Drug Control Policy, an office I strongly support, headed by Gen. Barry McCaffrey, who I think is doing an outstanding job. And we need to do more. There is no doubt about it, and he would be the first to say so.  It does, however, contain several controversial provisions affecting national drug policy. My colleague from Michigan is correct, we should have had an opportunity to offer amendments to this critically important legislation. Therefore, it should not be on the suspension calendar.  I want to address one provision, Madam Speaker, which would undermine the effectiveness of the high intensity drug trafficking areas. H.R. 2610 would prohibit the use of HIDTA funds to expand drug treatment programs.  There is not a law enforcement official I have talked to in the United States of America, and I would imagine the U.S. attorney from Georgia at one point in time did not have a law enforcement official that did not say if we could not get people off drugs, we are not going to win this war, period. That is the bottom line, and every law enforcement official I have talked to agrees with that.  The Washington-Baltimore HIDTA, created in 1994, is one of the most successful in the Nation. Check the statistics, one of the most successful in the Nation. One important reason is the program's tough sanctions-based drug treatment component.  Last year, that component caused the rearrest rate for drug-addicted not-violent offenders to plummet 38 percent below the national HIDTA average. Hear me, it is the only one that has the drug prevention, and it is 38 percent better in preventing recidivism than any other HIDTA program in America.  The program forces addicts into treatment, holds them responsible for staying clean, and continually checks their state of sobriety.  Madam Speaker, I would hope we would not defeat this bill. I would hope that temporarily we send it back to commit, give us the opportunity to address the shortcomings in this bill. Obviously, there is a lot of good in this bill. But in its current state, I will be unable to support it and would urge my colleagues not to support it in its current state.  