Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from California [Ms. Pelosi] for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, U.N.- and NATO-led forces were involved in the recent apprehension of two individuals and the killing of a third who had been indicted by the International War Crimes Tribunal. The recent arrests and the tribunal's sentencing of Dusan Tadic to 20 years in prison for his part in the torture and murder of innocent civilians are a major step forward.  Yet the fact remains that, while the war crimes tribunal has publicly indicted 76 people to date, 66 indicted suspects remain at large, despite the fact that the tribunal has been issued international indictments, despite the fact that the Dayton accords requires the parties to that agreement to surrender those who are within their effective jurisdiction, and despite the fact the U.S. Security Council Resolution 827 requires all states to cooperate in this effort.  This must stop, Mr. Speaker. If countries do not live up to their international obligations and cooperate with the tribunal, we should not cooperate with them. I am pleased that the legislation before us provides for sanction against those countries which harbor war criminals. The bill permits the President to withhold foreign assistance from these states and instructs the Secretary of the Treasury to oppose assistance from the international financial institutions.  I would have preferred frankly an outright ban on such aid but am pleased that we are moving in the right direction. I want to thank the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Callahan] and the gentlewoman from California [Ms. Pelosi] for their support and leadership in this effort.  I am pleased this committee has recommended a $3 million voluntary contribution to the war crimes tribunal to assist in its challenging work. In closing, Mr. Speaker, let me just say that I would have preferred that we had done more to assist the emerging democracy in Russia and other CIS states. I understand the constraints that the committee was under. And I am rising in support of this bill and looking forward to their success in conference.  