Chairman, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Connecticut [Mrs. Kennelly], and I thank the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Camp] as well on the Republican side. This is clearly a bipartisan, nonpartisan bill.  My colleagues before me have spoken on the priority, the premise, the focus that was articulated in 1980, and that was that we ought to unify families. My wife, who supervised early childhood education in Prince George's County, and I talked about this because of a case that was reported in the Washington Post of a young man named Dooney Waters. He was a young man who lived in a crack house. He was a young man who was not fed for days at a time. He was a young man whose bedroom was unavailable to him because it was being used to light up.  There is a recent story that my colleagues may have read, those of them who serve here, about a 5-year-old in Montgomery County, reunited with his father after his father had physically abused him. Judges with whom I have talked have been concerned about the premise of the Federal statute which said that we must reunite unless we can make an extraordinary finding to mitigate against that conclusion.  Previous speakers have said, the premise must be, and this bill adopts that premise and furthers that premise, the best interests of the child. There is no excuse for society to return or to allow a helpless, defenseless child to be subjected to abuse by those who society believes ought to be that child's major protector. This bill accelerates a process of placing the child in a safe and nurturing home.  I am very pleased to rise in support of this legislation for all the Dooney Waters of this country and for our future, which will be made better by making children safer.  Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support on H.R. 867, the Adoption Promotion Act.  Our child welfare system too often protects parents' rights rather than children's rights. Severe child abuse quadrupled between 1986 and 1993. Thirty-nine percent of the children who died of abuse or neglect between 1989 and 1991 were known to agencies before they died. Monday's Montgomery Journal reported that hundreds of children in Montgomery County will be reunited with parents who abused them. Putting a child back in their parent's home can be deadly.  You may remember a child named Dooney Waters. The Washington Post ran a series of stories on him in 1989. Dooney was raised in a crack house in Prince Georges County, MD. Dooney spent days at a time hiding behind his bed. All he ate were sandwiches his teachers sent. The bathrooms in Dooney's house did not work. Dooney was burned by boiling water and his hand was singed by a can used to heat crack cocaine. Dooney begged his teachers to take him home with them. Prince Georges County Social Services investigated Dooney's case, but did nothing. Eventually, Dooney's father removed him from the crack house.  H.R. 867 speeds up the adoption process for children who have been abused and neglected. The bill requires expedited terminated of parental rights in chronic cases of abuse or neglect, such as Dooney's.  Mr. Chairman, America must strengthen its commitment to the child victims of neglectful parents: both custodial and noncustodial. We made a number of improvements to child support enforcement in last year's welfare reform law. We can do even more. Soon I will introduce legislation to strengthen Federal criminal penalties for noncustodial parents who neglect their child support obligations. In the meantime, I urge my colleagues to remember Dooney Waters and support the Adoption Promotion Act today.  