Chairman, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Shays] for yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in support ofthe Shays-Frank-Upton-Gephardt-Foley-Dellums and I suppose almost everybody, now, amendment.  Clearly, Mr. Chairman, Americans benefit from having our troops strategically stationed around the globe. These men and women protect U.S. interests even as they protect world peace. But these troops also provide enormous benefits to their host countries, not only economic benefits but obviously security benefits. There is no reason why those allies should not pay a greater share, a proportionate share, of the costs.  Mr. Chairman, honestly, I have opposed this amendment sometimes, and I am now supporting it because I believe it is an important statement to the rest of the world as we continue to bear a burden here. And we talk about our taxpayers' burden. This amendment directs the President to ensure that our allies meet at least one of four criteria for sufficient burden-sharing.  Mr. Chairman, I would like to speak about one country, and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Frank] mentioned South Korea. I believe that it is important that we have a presence in South Korea. But I also believe that it is important that South Korea bear its burden.  Frankly, we are not universally popular in South Korea, interestingly enough. However, meetings between President Clinton and President Kim Yong-sam in other negotiations, mutual agreement has been reached to increase their support for our troops. Support has already risen, Mr. Chairman, from $150 million in 1991 to $300 million in 1995. That amount is scheduled to increase by 10 percent in each of the next few years.  Mr. Chairman, this is movement in the right direction, but in my opinion it is not enough. Even while troop deployments in other parts of the world are being cut back, we have continued, appropriately, a strong presence in South Korea because of the threat from North Korea.  With United States support, South Korea joined the United Nations in 1992, and in 1995 was added as a nonpermanent member of the United States Security Council. Many South Koreans, nevertheless, still resent the American presence, especially at the base near Seoul. While this makes it tough for the Government to pay itsfair share, there is no question that the South Korean economy is strong and positively advantaged by having United States troops in the country.  Mr. Chairman, as I said, I support this amendment. I support it because I think it sends an appropriate message. It does give flexibility, and it does say that America is continuing and will continue to bear its burden, to play its role on which the world relies, and which advantages the United States as well.  Mr. Chairman, I appreciate this time to rise and I appreciate the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Shays] yielding me the time in support of this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the Shays-Frank-Upton-Gephardt-Foley-Dellums amendment.  Clearly, Americans benefit from having our troops strategically stationed around the globe. These men and women protect U.S. interests even as they protect world peace.  But these troops also provide enormous benefits to their host countries and there is no reason why those allies should not pay a greater share of the costs.  This amendment directs the President to ensure that our allies meet at least one of four criteria for sufficient burdensharing.  I am especially concerned about South Korea.  Through meetings between President Clinton and President Kim Young Sam and other negotiations, mutual agreement has been reached to increase their support for our troops.  Support has already risen--from $150 million in 1991 to $300 million in 1995. That amount is scheduled to increase by 10 percent in each of the next few years.  This is movement in the right direction but it is not enough. Even while troop deployments in other parts of the world are being cut back we have continued a strong presence in South Korea because of the threat from North Korea.  With United States support, South Korea joined the United Nations in 1992 and, in 1995, was added as a nonpermanent member of the U.N. Security Council.  Despite all of this assistance, many South Koreans resent the American presence, especially at the base near Seoul.  While this makes it tough for the Government to pay its fair share, there is no question that the South Korean economy is strong and positively advantaged by having United States troops in the country.  I support this amendment which will continue the pressure on South Korea and other allies to recognize the enormous value of our highly trained Armed Forces.  