Chairman, reclaiming my time, I will tell the gentleman, I think the gentleman from Alabama knew that. I think he was just giving us a little fish story.  But that aside, this is obviously a very serious problem. This funding will not be the entire solution to the problem. The CDC, however, will play a major role in this effort, specifically in the public health arena.  Of course, as my friend, the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Gilchrest], has just pointed out, the impact now is not just on fish, although billions, I repeat, billions with a ``B,'' of fish have been killed in North Carolina and now hundreds of thousands in Maryland. This funding will be critical in determining the impact that has on human health, as the gentleman from Maryland so correctly pointed out.  Mr. Chairman, Pfiesteria is responsible for killing more than a billion fish. People and Newsweek magazine have called it the cell from hell. This is a critical moment in the fight against Pfiesteria. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  I also want to say to the chairman of our committee, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Porter], I thank him and I thank the staff for working very closely with us as this became a crisis situation and evidently we had to move quickly.  I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey], the ranking member, and his staff for working with us.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today with my colleagues from States throughout the mid-Atlantic region and Southeast, to offer a bipartisan amendment to H.R. 2264, the Labor, Health, and Education Appropriations Act. Our amendment seeks to address a growing environmental and health problem in the Chesapeake Bay watershed and throughout the Atlantic seaboard. Many of my colleagues may be familiar with a microscopic organism called Pfiesteria. While this organism has been in the environment for millions of years, current conditions in the waterways, especially high nutrients, have triggered the cell to morph into at least 24 different stages, some of which are toxic. In the past few years, several of these stages have become lethal to fish and caused adverse health effects to humans who come into contact with it.  While North Carolina has previously witnessed a fish kill on its shores in the billions, in late August Maryland experienced a prolonged fish kill on the lower Pocomoke River. And just yesterday, I spoke with Maryland Gov. Parris Glendening who informed me of yet another fish kill in a completely separate watershed on the lower-Eastern Shore.  This elusive microscopic organism has been blamed for killing over 30,000 fish in the river this summer, as well as causing adverse health effects to humans including skin lesions, respiratory problems, memory loss, and immune system depression.   Mr. Chairman, this is not a problem affecting only Maryland. In the Delaware inland bays there have been reports of numerous fish kills. And in addition to North Carolina, all of the States from Delaware south to Florida are concerned about Pfiesteria and its effects on human health, tourism, and the economy. In Maryland, it has already begun to take a tremendous toll on the seafood industry.  Our amendment will appropriate $7 million to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to address the emerging issue of human health effects from exposure to Pfiesteria. The Disease Control, Research, and Training Operation of the CDC is in a unique position to lead the public health response to this threat and has the crucial epidemiologic and laboratory resources that are necessary to address this issue in a timely manner. Specifically, they will develop and implement a multi-State disease surveillance system that will identify and monitor health effects in people who have been exposed to waters likely to contain this organism. Moreover, they will initiate case-control studies when new incidents of exposure are identified. The CDC is well equipped to work with State health departments and university laboratories and these funds will be used to develop a multi-State response plan which will focus on waters in Maryland, Delaware, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.   Mr. Chairman, this funding will not be the entire solution to this problem. The CDC will play a major role in this effort, specifically in the public health arena. However, I will continue to work with my colleagues in the seven identified States to develop a comprehensive plan to address this problem, which will involve several Federal and State agencies.   Mr. Chairman, Pfiesteria is responsible for killing more than a billion fish. People and Newsweek magazines have called it the cell from hell. This is a critical moment in the fight against Pfiesteria and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. We must address this problem now before it continues to spread across the rest of the Atlantic seaboard.  