Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, I want to say to my friends that, as a member of the task force, I have followed this case very closely, quite obviously.  I want to say to my friend, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Walsh], who is inadvertently involved in this discussion, certainly he has none of the responsibility for the angst that is being discussed. First of all, let me say to my friend, the gentleman from California [Mr. Rohrabacher], who has left, he said this is pure politics. Let me say that it may be politics, but it is not pure.  My friend, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Walsh] said that in the McIntyre-McCloskey case, which of course was not a Federal contested election case, that obviously is a sore point with many, and I understand that and do not mean to get into that, but the fact of the matter is, it was not. There was no question about the Irish vote. That is correct. The INS was not prepared to see if Irish perhaps had registered improperly.  That was not surprising, the McIntyre case, because by that time the Irish had been here in big numbers for a long time and very active in politics. As somebody who came into politics because of John Fitzgerald Kennedy, I am thankful for that.  At no time in Boston did anybody ever go to the INS, in the 1920's or the 1930's or the 1940's, and say, we want the Irish checked through your records to see whether or not they are legally registered.  Mr. Chairman, in Providence, RI, into which the Italian community moved in great numbers, at no time in the 1920's or 1930's or 1940's did anybody repair to the INS and say, notwithstanding the fact of the machine politics of Boston or the machine politics of Providence or the machine politics of New York, when many Jews moved into the city of New York, at no time, I tell my friends, did anybody suggest that the INS check on every voter.  Notwithstanding the fact in Chicago, when the Polish community moved in, in great numbers, nobody, notwithstanding the fact that there were allegations repeatedly as to whether or not there was fair voting, asked the INS to check on every Polish citizen; no, I tell my friend, the gentleman from New York, this is unprecedented; not McIntyre, not Tunno versus Veysey, which was the first case under the Federal Contested Election Act.  And guess what, that was a case in which the Democratic majority said to a Democratic challenger of a Republican incumbent, no, you have not met the test, and we reject the Democratic challenge of the Republican incumbent, which we have done time and time and time again in seating Republicans who have been challenged by Democratic nonincumbents. Democrats rejected their claim and, in fact, never allowed their case to go as far as this one has.  So yes, I say to my friend, the gentleman from New York, this is historically a brand new and different attack. It is not an attack, frankly, being made by Mr. Dornan, per se, it is the committee that is pursuing this; also unusual, I tell my friend.  It is time to bring this matter to a close. It is time, and I say to my friend, if they have additional votes, 300, let us say, who is to say? At no time can anybody on this floor get up and say, I say to my friend from California, that those 300 votes were not equally divided, 150 for Dornan and 150 for the gentlewoman from California [Ms. Sanchez].  Why do I say that? Because uncontested testimony at the hearing was that the leader, Herman Dodd, said he was a friend and close to Bob Dornan and could not get involved in a campaign against Mr. Dornan; uncontested testimony. I do not know whether that is the fact. But I say to my friends, it is time to end this investigation.  