Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, a number of proponents of this amendment have risen with some degree of concern about the characterization of motives. I do not intend to characterize anybody's motive; however, I do intend to observe what I think is happening.  There is a desire to cut OSHA. There have been a series of amendments to effect that end. The common theme of those amendments is to cut OSHA or worker-related wage and hour enforcement in the Department of Labor. So that is an observation; it is not a question of any motive.  I frankly conclude that the effort is to cut $11.2 million out of OSHA from the last two amendments. I understand that. I am confused, I will tell my friend, when I see, as I have expressed before, the 1995 budget offered by those who were here at that point in time and I see over $120 million cut in special education, including $90 million cut for special education teachers of those children that the doctor mentioned a little earlier.  Frankly, my colleagues will forgive us on this side if we do not think there is somewhat of a dichotomy in that action, a contradiction.  That aside, let me speak to OSHA and some of the other observations that have been made. A number of speakers, including the distinguished gentleman from Georgia, have noted that the figures have gotten better in the last 4 years. Now, I do not necessarily think that is a surprise. Very frankly, there has been not a particularly warm feeling about OSHA demonstrated on the other side of the aisle and, frankly, in some respects, on our side of the aisle.  The fact of the matter is, the new administration came in and said, we want to do business in a new way. Mr. Dear, whom the chairman has talked about and others of us have talked about, came in and did, in fact, redirect, reinvented in some respects, the OSHA regime. And in fact I do not think it is a coincidence that things have gotten better during the last 4 years under the Clinton administration and OSHA under the Clinton administration.  But I will say in this context, as well, with respect to OSHA, that the other side wants to cut. In 1980, there were 2,962 employees in OSHA. Today there are 2,230. This is not a bureaucracy out of control. This is, in fact, a substantially reduced complement of employees at OSHA trying to cover more workplaces and more workers.  