Chairman, I say to the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Spratt] and the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Shays] and members of the committee, I was here in 1981 when we took arguably the most fiscally irresponsible act that I have seen us take in 17 years of service in this body. As a result of that act, it inevitably led to high deficits, high unemployment in the short term, and escalating deficits up until 1993.  Happily, I was here in 1993 as well, and I had the opportunity to vote for a budget that began what we will continue tonight, and that is the uninterrupted reduction of the budget deficit and the energizing of the American economy.  Others have said it on this floor tonight; yes, we are proud, we are proud because we stood, 218 of us, Democrats all, and said it is time to have the courage to move to reduce this deficit that is strangling America and is threatening the next generation. Two hundred eighteen Democrats.  Some of those Democrats are not here today. Majorie Margolies-Mezvinski, she paid the price of her seat in this House because she had the courage to say, I believe this is good for America. How many of my colleagues stood on this floor and said, if this budget passes, high unemployment, inflation, depression will occur? How wrong my colleagues were. How glad I know that my colleagues are that they were wrong.  But the fact of the matter is, today I stand for this budget offered by that same President, who, in 1993, had the courage to stand up and say, let us address the real problems with real solutions. He has done so again. Yes, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Kasich], the chairman; yes, the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. John Spratt]; yes, those of us who vote for this budget; but it is the President's leadership that has brought us to a day and night when we will vote for a balanced budget not just in fiscal terms. It is easy to do that, but it is not enough, because it must also be balanced in terms of the investment in our children, in our families, in health care, in basic biomedical research, and all of the things that make us a healthy, wealthy, great, and just Nation.  Mr. Chairman, I rise for this budget. And like my colleague who spoke before me, I will be disappointed if we adopt the Shuster alternative, which cuts across the board without thinking of what is a priority and what is not. I am for transportation funding, but I am not for simply funding one objective by cutting all the rest, irrespective of their importance. I hope all my colleagues will join me in supporting this budget agreement.  