Speaker, I rise in support of House Joint Resolution 56, a resolution of the Congress acknowledging the celebration of Juneteenth as an important and enriching part of our Nation's heritage. Juneteenth commemorates the day, June 19, 1865, when word of the end of slavery in the United States reached the American Southwest. Although President Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, it took some 2\1/2\ years for the news to reach Texas and other southwestern slave-holding States. Former slaves in the region coined the term ``Juneteenth'' to recall the date they received the news of their freedom, and they celebrated the anniversary of emancipation at this time each year. As descendants of these former slaves have spread throughout the Nation, the 130-year-old celebration has spread as well. Today, Juneteenth is celebrated by many African-Americans in most of the now 50 States.  Mr. Speaker, Juneteenth marks the close of a very long and dark chapter of our Nation's history--and the beginning of America's attempt to make its promise of freedom, liberty, and equality ring true for all Americans. The succeeding 130 years have brought momentous changes in our society. Through struggle and sacrifice, in the face of violent hostility and grave indignities, African-Americans have injected substance into the mantra equal justice under law, and we are today a freer, stronger Nation for it. Juneteenth is thus a time for celebrating the freedoms now guaranteed to all Americans through the Constitution and laws of our great land, and for reflecting on the courage of those who endured slavery and who fought to make America fulfill the promise of its founding principles. It is also, Mr. Speaker, a time to renew the commitment to correct inequalities and injustices which persist. Thus, although Juneteenth finds its origins in the southwest, it is clearly a celebration which embodies lessons of immense value and significance for all Americans across this great Nation.  I commend my colleague Congressman J.C. Watts of Oklahoma for introducing this resolution, and I urge all of my colleagues to support House Joint Resolution 56.  