Speaker, I am pleased to follow the gentleman from Kentucky. The Hoyer-Greenwood bill would have prevented any abortion, not just by this procedure but by any procedure, I tell the gentleman from Kentucky, on healthy women with healthy babies. This bill that the gentleman is supporting will prevent not one abortion, not one. Why? Because it deals with only one procedure.  There are other procedures, and I presume that the gentleman believes those procedures are equally, in his terms, barbaric. If he does not, I would yield for a question on that issue. But my assumption is he does. So the issue here is whether they are going to allow in order Hoyer-Greenwood.  The Republican Party, when it was in the minority, railed against the Democrats for arbitrarily and arrogantly preventing amendments to reflect different views. They said we wanted to prevent open and fair debate.  Not only did the Committee on Rules last night prevent debate and prevent other amendments, they also prevented even the work of their own committee. They had the temerity to reject out of hand the committee process. This group that came to reform the Congress in 1995 and talk about process, talk about fairness, talk about openness, this rule is outrageous, America, because it does not allow the views of the American public to be reflected on this floor and allow Members the right to say, as I want to tell my constituents, and I presume many do as well, I am against late-term abortion, period. Do I make exceptions? Yes, I do.  I recently lost my wife on February 6. It was a painful experience. We have three children. I could not do anything about the cancer that gripped her body, but if I could have done something had she been pregnant with one of our three girls and saved her life, by God, I would have done it. If the doctor had told me, Judy will not be able to have further children if we do not perform an abortion, I would have said, as much as I love my three daughters, Doctor, save Judy's life and our ability to have more children.  That is what this debate is about. The Committee on Rules has muzzled us. We cannot address that issue. We address only one procedure.  Is it a procedure which we revile? It is. Is there a Member in this House who will come to this floor and tell me there is another procedure they believe is more humane, more fair, more acceptable?  If there is, have them come to the floor. I understand there is an honest difference of opinion. The alternative procedures that can be employed are not supported by many, by most, perhaps by all who will vote for this bill. I understand that. I think that is a fair position.  But what, I say to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Solomon] is not fair, what is deeply unfortunate in this Democratic body, is to not give us the opportunity to have Members be able to express their views by voting for or against alternative amendments.  Vote against this unfair, this unfortunate rule that has been presented to us.  