Chairman, I want to rise on behalf of the Members from both sides of the aisle from Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia and Florida. We are very appreciative, all of us, to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Rogers] for helping us work on this amendment and thank very much the distinguished gentleman from West Virginia [Mr. Mollohan] for his assistance in coming to this agreement.  So that the body understands, this amendment is in two parts. The gentlewoman from New York [Mrs. Lowey], the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Pallone]), the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Tierney] and others offered an amendment which will add $1 million to nonpoint source research for the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration. This amendment that I rise to offer on behalf of my colleagues from the States I mentioned is appropriating $3 million to NOAA to assist the States in determining the factors responsible for the toxic organism pfiesteria.  Clearly NOAA is one of the best equipped Federal agencies with the technical expertise and the scientific know-how to determine the causes and controls of pfiesteria outbreaks. NOAA's recently established interagency national research program called Ecohab will use this funding to understand what pfiesteria is and why it morphs into a toxic state, and to establish ways to react to outbreaks when they occur.  Moreover, $1 million of this funding will be used by NOAA to assist the affected States in expanding, monitoring and developing new, more rapid techniques for identifying the toxic phase of pfiesteria as well as the environmental conditions potentially conducive to these outbreaks. This enhanced monitoring support will be essential to overcoming the difficulty in detecting pfiesteria outbreaks because of the sporadic nature of the organism and the rapid response needed to observe the toxic phase.  Mr. Chairman, the Federal Government has a responsibility, a duty, to assist the States, however possible, in this fight. It will be important that the Congress give the agencies the necessary tools to accomplish this task. This funding will be yet another important step in the Congress' response to this ongoing problem.  I want to thank, as I said earlier, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Rogers] and the gentleman from West Virginia [Mr. Mollohan] for their help.  