Speaker, I rise today to express my support for H.R. 497, a bill to repeal the Federal Charter for Group Hospitalization and Medical Services, Inc., better known as Blue Cross and Blue Shield of the National Capital Area.  H.R. 497 eliminates an outdated arrangement under which GHMSI, alone among health insurance providers, has had to operate. H.R. 497 authorizes GHMSI to file articles of incorporation with the District of Columbia Nonprofit Corporation Act. The bill thus paves the way for GHMSI to become a District of Columbia nonprofit corporation--legally domiciled in the District of Columbia and subject to regulation by the superintendent of insurance for the District of Columbia.  GHMSI will continue to exist under the same name and will be authorized to transact business as it has--under all existing licenses and certificates of authority.  With the exception of GHMSI, Blue Cross Blue Shield plans and all other commercial insurance companies around the country are State chartered corporations operating under State regulatory oversight.  H.R. 497 will place GHMSI on an equal footing with other plans and health insurers--enabling it to continue to provide comprehensive and affordable coverage to residents of the District of Columbia and the Washington Metropolitan area, while meeting the challenges of a changing health care marketplace.  Of particular importance to my Maryland constituents, H.R. 497 will facilitate the proposed merger of GHMSI with Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Maryland. A recent letter of intent announced the plan to combine the business operations of the two entities under a single holding company.  This combination of business operations will provide a larger provider network--offeringgreater portability and choice, broader product options, and improved customer service to residents of the District of Columbia, northern Virginia, and Maryland who work in one area and reside in another.  I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill which will enable GHMSI to face the abundant challenges of the fast-changing health care marketplace and to compete and serve its customers on a fair and equal footing.  