Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the conference report and to congratulate and thank both the chairman, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Porter], with whom I have served on this committee for, I suppose, all of my career on the committee, which is from 1983 to date, and also to congratulate the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey].  Mr. Speaker, in many ways this is a bill that is not difficult from the standpoint that almost every member of Congress and the overwhelming majority of Americans probably believe it is the most important bill that we consider in this House on an annual basis as it affects themselves, their families, their children, the education of this Nation, as well as their children, the health care of themselves and this Nation.  Our former chairman, Mr. Natcher, used to say that if you take care of the health of your people and provide for the education of your children, you will continue to live in the strongest and best nation on Earth. He was correct. He said this was the People's House and that this was the people's bill. He was also correct in that.  But it is also a very difficult bill, because the priorities within the bill are agreed by all to be principal priorities, and, therefore, the allocation of resources between them is difficult.  Both the gentleman from Illinois (Chairman Porter) and the ranking member, the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey], are always under a great deal of pressure, and the supplicants or the lobbyists or the interests that are represented in this bill are all good, and, therefore, it is very difficult to say no.  This bill, I think, represents a good piece of legislation, of which the American public can be proud. It was forged in a bipartisan basis, sometimes contentious, because there are strong differences on many issues. But this bill as it relates to education, unlike, frankly, some previous bills in previous Congresses, reflects a commitment to invest in the future of our country by investing in our children.  Head Start is increased, critically important, to make sure that our disadvantaged children have an opportunity to be competitive, both in education and in the marketplace. It is important that they be partners as America completes in the global marketplace.  Chapter I, that tries to ensure that those same children and others who may have been disadvantaged in life will not be disadvantaged in terms of the focus of this Congress and of the education establishment, in making sure that we make a special effort to give them the capacity to learn, to work and to compete.  So, Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support of this conference report, which reflects a compromise, testing having been one of the more difficult items, block grants as opposed to categorical expenditures being another. But they were debated, sometimes hotly, strongly held views, but ultimately, through the leadership of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Porter] and the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey], and I might also say the chairman of our committee, the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Livingston], who has done such an outstanding job leading the Committee on Appropriations through this difficult process, we have a bill of which we can all be proud and which we can enthusiastically support.  