Speaker, I thank my friend from California [Mr. Matsui] for yielding this time to me, and, Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H.R. 2195 and applaud its author, my friend, the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Smith], for his work and his commitment to promoting human rights not only in China but around the world. He is sitting next to at this point in time the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wolf].  Mr. Wolf and I serve on the Subcommittee on Treasury, Postal Service, and General Government, and Mr. Wolf for over a decade has been a strong proponent of urging the Treasury Department to fully enforce existing law as it relates to slave labor.  So I want to congratulate both the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Smith] and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wolf], my colleagues on the Helsinki Commission, for their leadership over long periods of time. More generally, I would like to applaud the gentleman from California [Mr. Cox] as well and the other Members who worked to provide vehicles other than the MFN debate for this body to address the range of policy issues which form our complex relationship with China.  I have opposed, Mr. Speaker, MFN for China because I believe we have been too tolerant for too long. Clearly, a strong, prosperous, and democratic China will not come about without U.S. engagement. But a policy of constructive engagement, Mr. Speaker, must not amount to a practice of reaping the economic benefits of trade and exchange with China while turning a blind eye to human rights abuses.  Eight years after China's brutal demonstration of military repression of basic freedoms of speech and association at Tiananmen Square, reports persist of widespread and egregious human rights abuses, including the Chinese Government's maintenance of slave labor camps with which this particular amendment specifically deals.  H.R. 2195 speaks to this area of human rights abuse by saying properly that if we are going to have free trade with China, then let us be sure that we are not directly or indirectly promoting the practice of slave labor by allowing its fruits to enter our markets.  Mr. Speaker, the promotion of democratic reforms which will afford the Chinese people the basic freedoms they now lack must not, let me repeat, must not, be a peripheral element of American foreign policy towards China. It was not with respect to our relations with the Soviet Union when it existed, and it must not be with respect to our relations with China.  The mantle, ``leader of the free world,'' is not earned through mere lip service. If the United States is going to engage China in trade, it must also engage China directly on the matter of human rights. Political and religious persecution, enforcement of population control through coerced abortion and sterilization, and organ harvesting from death row prisoners are not modes of conduct which ought to be consistent with friendship with the United States of America.  We must adopt policies, Mr. Speaker, which put action behind our outrage. It is not enough to talk about the abuses, it is not enough to rhetorically oppose those abuses, we must act on our conviction and on our principles. H.R. 2195 is an appropriate and constructive step in this direction, and I urge my colleagues to support it.  