Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in praising Congressman Henry B. Gonzalez for his remarkable career representing the citizens of Texas' 20th Congressional District. Recently, Representative Gonzalez announced his intention to resign his seat by year's end, signaling the loss of one Congress' truly outstanding leaders and one of the Nation's shining beacons of decency, conviction and courage.  Mr. Speaker, when they talk about Congress being ``of the people, and for the people'' they use Henry Gonzalez as their guide. Both as a local legislator in San Antonio and here in Washington, Henry Gonzalez has fought the good fight when it comes to representing our Nation's neediest citizens and championing mainstream values and ideals. His unflagging support and tireless efforts to promote equitable and affordable housing leaves a legacy of fairness and honesty of which the entire Nation can be proud.  Henry Gonzalez represents the heart and soul of this institution, as well as that of the Democratic Party. It is his strongly held belief that Congress is the most hallowed symbol of freedom in the western world. And, it is his steadfastness on this and so many other issues that guides Henry Gonzalez and has so profoundly touched so many of his colleagues. It is Henry Gonzalez' unfailing and unwavering conviction that every man, woman and child deserves a fair shot at the American dream which has helped shape the direction and vision of the Democratic party for many years.  Mr. Speaker, Henry's stance on issues may not have been popular, they may have run against the grain of conventional wisdom, but if he believed he was on solid moral ground, he stood firm. Mr. Speaker, this kind of character represents the true spirit and tradition of this institution. It is this kind of intestinal fortitude that is all too often lacking in today's society.  In announcing his retirement, Henry stated that it is ``time for me to go home.'' Few have represented their Districts as faithfully as Henry Gonzalez, and I know few Members who are so beloved and revered back home as Henry Gonzalez. And, while I know that the people of the 20th Congressional District wish you all the best in your retirement, there are also some who are anxious at the prospect of losing such a giant figure here in Washington.  Henry, I know this was a difficult decision for you. This body will miss your wisdom, courage and leadership. I am pleased that you will have more time with your wife Bertha and your eight outstanding children. You have much to be proud of and you deserve every moment of happiness and joy this time will bring. God bless you and God speed in all that you do in the years to come.  Mr. LaFALCE. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct privilege and honor to rise this afternoon to join in a fitting tribute to my friend and respected colleague, Henry Gonzalez.  I became a Member of the House in 1975, and from the beginning, Henry B. Gonzalez was an example for me and my fellow freshmen. Henry was a beacon shining brightly, a champion of consumers and of those in society in greatest need. He remains such a beacon.  One does not enter into the presence of Henry Gonzalez without learning something. Whether an anecdote about Lyndon Johnson and Texas politics, or a lecture about the depths of despair among the homeless, or a seminar on the intricacies of banking law, Henry was a true leader. He inspired, cajoled, and probed; always with passion and always fighting for the little guy and for the supremacy of the public interest over narrow private concerns.  I should note in particular the lasting mark that Henry Gonzalez has made on the area of housing and community development. He knew how important the Federal role is in helping ensure that all Americans have a decent home in a good neighborhood. He as much as anyone has kept the beacon of Federal aid to our cities lit. He has truly been a conscience of the Congress, and his efforts in this arena will be particularly missed.  Henry's career in the House may be nearing its end, but we all know that his memory will endure. He has left his stamp on our Nation, and the United States is far better for it. Mr. Speaker, I salute Henry B. Gonzalez and wish him and his family all of the best in the years to come.  