Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding this time to me.  Mr. Speaker, I will vote no on this supplemental. I voted yes the first time, hoping that it would be fixed in conference frankly. The ravages of rain and flood have victimized hundreds of thousands of our fellow citizens. Yet we are holding them hostage, very frankly, holding them hostage so that we can get some special issues addressed and to try to hold the President of the United States in a position of being hostage himself.  That is not what this body ought to do. We should have long before this passed a clean supplemental appropriation for the victims of the floods and to supplement our troops keeping peace in Bosnia.  Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the chairman of our committee who would have tried to do that and who wanted to do that, in my opinion. His leadership was sound, it should have been followed.  Mr. Speaker, I will not support this supplemental.  I rise in opposition to this conference report.  We are simply continuing the delay in getting much-needed aid out to the Midwest. The President has made it clear that he will veto this bill based on provisions that have nothing to do with providing disaster relief to our fellow Americans.  This bill provides more than $5 billion for victims of disasters in 33 States. I support that funding which could have been approved before the Memorial Day recess, sent to the President, and signed into law.  I voted against the Memorial Day adjournment because I felt we could and should have finished work on a clean supplemental bill.  Instead, about a month after House passage, all we have is a bill that will be vetoed. How many more days, weeks, or months do my Republican friends want these disaster victims to wait?  Ironically, one of the administration's chief concerns is the automatic CR provision. In the name of preventing another Government shutdown next fall, the Republican leadership has sacrificed relief for victims of disasters. By giving the President a bill he cannot sign, we will effectively shut down many Federal disaster relief efforts. If we get about the business of getting our work done, there would be no fear of a shutdown.  The time we have spent dickering over extraneous provisions could have been used getting to the regular appropriations bills.  Holding disaster relief political hostage is not fair and it's not responsible. We ought to pass a clean appropriations measure and we ought to do it today.  In addition, Mr. Speaker, I find our failure to reach agreement on the provision of funds for sorely needed public school repairs, and a deserved and overdue pay raise for police officers in the District of Columbia, highly regrettable.  District Subcommittee Chairman Taylor's concern and frustration with the pace of reforms in the District and with the District's leadership are not without some justification. However, I would remind my colleagues that these funds were sought by the control board, not the mayor.  Moreover, such concerns, however justified, must not lead us to turn a blind eye to the legitimate and pressing needs of both the District's citizens and those who do their very best, day in and day out, to serve and protect them--and us.  It will be unfortunate indeed if the District's schools are not able to open on time this September because we, who are in a position to preclude that outcome, declined to do so--and purely out of spite.  Mr. Speaker, the District's children, and the courageous Metropolitan police officers who protect the public safety of the District's residents and visitors--using scant resources, and in the face of increasing danger to their own lives--deserve better.  I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee to craft a fiscal year 1998 funding bill which will address responsibly the education and public safety needs of the District.  In the meantime, I hope, for the sake of the victims, that we will soon put politics aside and pass a disaster relief bill the President can sign.  