Speaker, I rise enthusiastically today in support of House Concurrent Resolution 49, a resolution authorizing the use of the grounds of the U.S. Capitol for a truly wonderful and family-oriented event: the Greater Washington Soapbox Derby. For the past 6 years, I have sponsored this legislation, and I would like to offer my very sincere thanks to the chairman and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Public Buildings and Economic Development--Mr. Kim and Mr. Traficant--and to the chairman and ranking member of the full Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure--Mr. Schuster and Mr. Oberstar--for their commendable work in bringing this legislation to the floor in so timely a manner.  This resolution authorizes the use of Constitution Ave. between Delaware Ave. and Third St. for the 56th running of the Greater Washington Soap box Derby on July 12, 1997. The competition is part of the All-American Soap box Derby which will be held later this year.  The resolution also authorizes the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police to negotiate a licensing agreement with the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association ensuring full compliance with the rules and regulations governing use of the Capitol Grounds.  I am happy once again to have the support of Members from the Washington metropolitan region as cosponsors. Ms. Norton, Mr. Moran, Mr. Wolf, Ms. Morella, and Mr. Wynn have been enthusiastic supporters in years past and they are again this year.  This event provides young boys and girls, ages 9 to 16, with an invaluable opportunity to develop and practice both good sportsmanship and engineering skill. This year, there will once again be over 50 participants from Washington, DC, and the surrounding communities of northern Virginia and Maryland participating in the derby events. I am especially pleased that boys and girls representing four of the five counties in my district will be competing in this year's derby.  The Soap box Derby promotes a fun, positive and character-building activity for our young people to participate in. At a time when our newspapers are filled with stories about the transgressions and negative conduct of our youth, and at a time when Congress has been forced to confront juvenile crime as an issue of national scope and magnitude, it is certainly a pleasure to be involved in an event which provides a positive outlet for kids and teenagers from the region.  I like to recall a statement made to me by Ken Tomasello, director of the Greater Soap Box Derby Association, when I introduced the first resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for this event. Ken said, in short, ``The derby doesn't keep kids off the street; it gives them a drug-free activity on the street.''  The young people involved in this event spend many months preparing for this race--building their derby cars from the ground up. The day they actually compete provides a genuine sense of accomplishment and camaraderie--for the participants, and their families and friends alike. This worthwhile event also provides visitors to the Capitol and local residents with a safe and enjoyable day of activities.  I would like to take this opportunity to offer my sincere congratulations to all of this year's participants for their hard work and dedication and I wish them all well in this year's race.  Again, I want to thank the Transportation Committee for its consistent support of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby and I encourage all of my colleagues to attend this year's race.  