Speaker, I rise today in enthusiastic support of the bill House Resolution 607, the Homeowner's Insurance Protection Act of 1997.  This bill will ensure that millions of homeowners who pay private mortgage insurance [PMI] will no longer pay needlessly and unknowingly once the benefits of paying PMI expire.  Private Mortgage Insurance [PMI] provides important protection to mortgage lenders against losses in the event a homeowner defaults on a mortgage loan. PMI works to the immense benefit of lenders and borrowers alike. By offsetting the risk to lenders of providing low downpayment loans--less than 20 percent of the purchase value--PMI substantially expands homeownership opportunities across America while preventing economic catastrophe for lenders during downturns in the housing market.  PMI has helped make the dream of homeownership a reality for more than 17 million American families who have been able to purchase a home with downpayments as low as 3 to 5 percent of the value of their home. Recently, however, problems with PMI have come to light.  Thousands of American homeowners, Mr. Speaker, are overpaying their PMI--making payments well after PMI becomes cancellable and after the risk to the lender of making a low downpayment loan has expired. In many cases, these homeowners are unaware that their PMI is cancellable or that they are receiving no benefit from continuing to make PMI payments. In other cases, informed homeowners who have attempted to cancel their PMI have encountered difficulty in doing so.  House Resolution 607 addresses this problem by providing for automatic termination of PMI payments once the loan-to-value ratio reaches 75 percent of the value of the home at the time of purchase and by requiring mortgage lenders to notify homeowners as to whether, when and under what conditions their PMI is cancellable.  House Resolution 607 thus empowers homeowners by requiring lenders to inform them of their PMI cancellation rights and by guaranteeing that homeowners will no longer pay for PMI once they have built up 25 percent equity in their new home.  Homeowner beneficiaries of PMI, by and large, are middle-income Americans who are not in a position to invest hard-earned income in overinsuring against a risk to mortgage lenders. This bill preserves the intended protection of lenders provided by PMI while ensuring that the equally important aim of preserving the American dream of homeownership for families is not defeated.  Mr. Speaker, I want to commend Congressman Jim Hansen for introducing this important legislation which will provide valuable protection to homeowners in the Fifth Congressional District of Maryland and across this great Nation. I strongly urge my colleagues to join me in supporting passage of this important bill.  