Chairman, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Alabama, the subcommittee ranking member, for yielding me this time. I appreciate his leadership on these issues.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the civilian space authorization, H.R. 1275. In doing so I would like to commend the Committee on Science's decision to authorize the President's full fiscal year 1998 funding request of $1.4 billion for NASA's Mission to Planet Earth. The committee's decision to remove from the bill a provision mandating that $200 million of the Mission to Planet Earth budget come from an existing fund, this is a welcome addition.  Mission to Planet Earth research is expanding our understanding of the Earth's environment and natural processes, giving us new insights into how humanity affects and is affected by them, this unique research to yield practical, tangible benefits for all Americans and people around the globe.  Having said this, Mr. Chairman, I must say that my support for this bill has some reservations. There is one very ill-conceived, in my opinion, provision in this bill. I want to declare my intention to work to prevent its inclusion in the Senate bill and in the conference report.  This bill holds hostage one of the most low-cost, cost-effective programs in the NASA budget, the Earth Space Pathfinders Program. Section 127 precludes any and all funding for pathfinder missions unless and until NASA certifies that it will expend $50 million in fiscal 1998 for commercial data buys.  That may be a good policy, but, Mr. Chairman, there is no good reason for this relationship. There is no programmatic link and no legitimate policy reason to justify making the funding of pathfinders projects contingent on expenditures for commercial data buys. This is simply an attempt to force NASA's hand on a program and a concept to which NASA has already demonstrated its commitment.  I would point out to my colleagues that the pathfinders program is the direct product of a recommendation of the National Science Foundation, a recommendation solicited by former Committee on Science Chair Bob Walker. NASA has already approved two ESSP proposals and one alternate. Missions are selected not only for their scientific merit, but for their commercial application and potential as well. By changing the rules in midgame andeffectively yanking the rug from under investigators with existing contracts, this provision threatens not just these contracts but NASA's overall credibility. If enacted, it would chill the willingness of companies and institutions to compete for contracts or develop new applications.  Mr. Chairman, I will vote for the bill because of its support for Mission to Planet Earth and other component parts. In the coming weeks, however, I will be working with my Senate colleagues to ensure that the Senate hopefully does not approve this restriction on the Pathfinder Program.  I thank my friend the gentleman from Alabama, the chairman of the committee, and others for working effectively on this bill and hope that they would look at this particular provision and reconsider its impact both on NASA and on the private sector.  