Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 437, the Marine Resources Revitalization Act of 1997 and I want to commend both the Resources and Science Committees for reaching a compromise on this very important bill. We have needed to reauthorize the National Sea Grant Program since October 1995 and I applaud Representatives Saxton, Young, Abercrombie, and Farr on their leadership.  As a member from a coastal district, I am acutely aware of the problems of the coastal marine environment, and of the excellent work of the Sea Grant Program to address these problems. I remain a supporter of Sea Grant's peer-reviewed research, education, and outreach programs that deal with problems in Maryland such as oyster disease and chemical contaminants in coastal waters.  Established in 1966 to improve the conservation, management, and utilization of ocean and coastal resources, the Sea Grant College Program has been a national leader in conducting scientifically based marine research and distributing the results to hundreds of universities throughout the country. The University of Maryland, located in my district in College Park, is 1 of 26 designated Sea Grant Colleges and is a national leader on living marine and estuarine resources research.  Mr. Chairman, the Chesapeake Bay is arguably the world's greatest estuary and offers the scientific community one of the most abundant and important places to conduct research. Over the past several years, the oyster population has become increasingly threatened by diseases such as MSX and Dermo, and Sea Grant has been leading the way on the Oyster Disease Research Program which is providing a better understanding of shellfish disease.  Today, Sea Grant continues to provide scientific data and analysis which are used in efforts to prevent oyster parasites from developing. I will support H.R. 437, which will authorize the program through fiscal year 2000, and continue to support appropriations for Sea Grant. The Chesapeake Bay is one of Maryland's greatest natural assets, and in my continued efforts to protect, preserve, and promote this magnificent resource, I will remain a strong supporter of the University of Maryland's work with the National Sea Grant Program.  Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation to reauthorize this very important environmental program.  