Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to share the intense grief of my colleagues over the passing of Water Capps. This is a truly sad day in the Congress and a truly sad day for our country.  In a body often riddled with cynicism, Walter Capps stood above the crowd as a straight-forward man of integrity and honor. Grounded in his own deeply moral and ethical beliefs, he served as a shining beacon to us all on the virtues of conciliation, kindness, and compassion.  Before entering the Congress, Walter gained national prominence on the stage of academia. He spent 30 years as a professor of religious studies at the UC-Santa Barbara, where he authored 14 books, became widely known as an expert on religion, conflict resolution, and American democracy, and developed an extraordinarily popular course on the Vietnam war that brought together soldiers, protestors, and Vietnamese refugees. He brought this unique perspective on politics and on life to the Halls of Congress, enriching the atmosphere and heightening our collective sense of dignity and comradery.  The Santa Barbara News Press describes Walter as a Congressman who sought to personalize American politics and bring civility back to the discourse on Capitol Hill. This sense of purpose was a common threat running throughout Walter's personal and professional life. Walter's tireless work on behalf of his congressional district, traveling back to California every week, listening to and connecting with his constituents, represented his uniquely personal brand of politics.  Mr. Speaker, it is never easy to lose a colleague or a friend. But, our grief is overshadowed by those that knew Walter on a more personal level. It is my sincere wish that his wonderful wife Lois, and his children Todd, Lisa, and Laura, take solace in the knowledge that Walter was so highly respected and revered by his peers. Today's outpouring of emotion on the House floor accurately reflects the high esteem with which Walter was held.  Walter will be missed by this body, and he will be missed by a county seeking the values and commitment to civility he so fully represented. While only here in Congress a short while, I know that Walter Capps has made a lasting impression upon us all.  