Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Those watching this debate on this floor or otherwise must think that Lewis Carroll must have written most of the speeches, because they are Alice in Wonderland types.  I do not come to speak about the voucher system. The gentleman from California [Mr. Riggs] was on the floor and talked about that system. Let him report a bill and we will debate the bill, and we will send it to the other body and they can send it to the President. And if the President decides to veto it, we will have an issue for the 1998 election.  This bill is deader than a doornail and every one of my colleagues know it. The Moran amendment that the gentlewoman from Washington [Ms. Dunn] referred to as the Democratic alternative, my friends, the Moran amendment is the Republican bill passed by the U.S. Senate. That is what it is.  This is a game. This is a game to appeal to some very good spirited people who want to have greater opportunity for their children. God bless them. Every one of us does as well. But this is the D.C. appropriation bill, not the authorizing bill, and this is a contentious issue.  Not only that, my colleagues, the House, without any debate, any discussion, and against the advice and counsel of the Secret Service and Lew Merletti, the head of the Secret Service, and the Treasury Secretary, and General Jones, the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and Bill Webster, the former Chairman of the CIA and FBI, has said open Pennsylvania Avenue. That in the face of the Murrah Building, I tell my good friend from Oklahoma, that saw a car bomb parked close to the Murrah Building and 168 Americans lost their lives. That is why Pennsylvania Avenue was closed.  But without hearings, without discussion, without any thoughtful consideration, we say expose the White House to that threat. My colleagues, remember in Saudi Arabia our troops housed there, but with a not big enough perimeter, had a car bomb explode and kill over 100 American troops. Who on this floor wants to expose the President of the United States, his family, the staff and the visitors to the White House to that risk? If we do not vote for the Moran amendment, that is what we do.  Again, the Moran amendment is the Republican alternative passed to us by the other body. It will be signed by the President. That is the difference between that and the committee's recommendation. Vote for Moran.  