Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin, and want to rise in support of H.R. 2264.  For the past 3 years, the bill that came to this floor had very controversial riders and did not provide, in my opinion, adequate funding for education. My colleagues and I have repeatedly argued to increase the Nation's commitment to education.  This year's bill, by and large, provides funding at levels that are good for our children, good for our families, and good for our Nation. The bill does a better job in meeting the needs of children, families, and schools for quality education.  For example, the bill invests $4.3 billion in Head Start, a $324 million increase over the past fiscal year, a program that Ronald Reagan said works, with a goal of serving 1 million children by the year 2002. Not enough, but better.  The bill acknowledges the commitment we must make to our children's education by funding initiatives such as Even Start and After School Centers. The bill provides for an 11-percent increase for education over last year, timely, when we have more students in our public schools than at any time in our history.  Specifically, the bill gives a much needed increase in funding to title I, bilingual education and special education. The bill recognizes important programs that enhance educational resources and improve professional development, such as the National Board of Professional Teaching Standards and the National Education Goals Panel.  Unfortunately, however, the bill spends $145 million less than the President requested on Goals 2000 and provides the $260 million for the President's America Reads program for fiscal year 1999, rather than 1998.  Additionally, the bill does not fully fund the Eisenhower Professional Development program, which assists communities in improving the quality of their teachers, a critical objective.  I would like to have seen the full funding for these important initiatives in this bill, but I will remain faithful to our bipartisan agreement and support this bill.  Like my predecessors on my side of the aisle, I will support this bill with a caveat, and that caveat, Mr. Chairman, is that we do not go down the road that we went down in 1995 and 1996 and add to this bill amendments that are clearly unacceptable, not only to the President of the United States, but to the American people. I would hope we do not do that.  There are amendments pending which, very frankly, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Porter], courageously, in my opinion, and with wisdom and in the best traditions of bipartisan leadership, rejected in our subcommittee. But if they are added on the floor, I am worried that this bill, with the good provisions in it for labor, for education, and for the health of the American public will not go forward.  I would hope that we would not see that, and, if we do not see that, I intend to support this bill.  