 I want to say that I am pleased to be here. Mr. Speaker, I am certainly pleased to be here with you. Last night was reminiscent of the first 100 days of the Contract With America, where it seemed to me we never stopped meeting.  Mr. Speaker?  He is not listening. That is typical of what we Democrats, the kind of respect we get around this House nowadays.  I was pressed into service by a power even greater than the Speaker's. Charlie Johnson, our Parliamentarian, asked me to be here this morning, and he asked me at 3 o'clock in the morning, a particularly unfriendly request, I thought.  But all of us spend a lot of money not to join your ranks. Senator Beall and my predecessor, Carlton Sickles, who held this seat, and I am so glad to welcome back my good friend and colleague, Bev Byron from Maryland. We have a number of Marylanders. Too many of them are former Members. I am not going to mention all of your names. But Lindy Boggs, I think probably only Bev Byron and Lindy Boggs have known me since long before I went to law school even.  I am pleased to be here with you and welcome all of you back. It must be a great experience to come back and be with your colleagues. This is an incredibly wonderful institution. We kid about it. Obviously, there are tough times. You saw last night, I think, a demonstration of that.  Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate you on your remarks last night, which I thought were very appropriate. The President, the Speaker, the Democrats, and the Republicans in the House, coming together to try to pass a budget that nobody really thought was the budget they would have selected, clearly, but it was a budget that obviously a very large number of folks, indeed, I think only 99 voted against it, felt was in the best interests of our country.  I see Larry Hogan, another one of my predecessors. Unlike Glenn, he is still constrained to sit on that side of the aisle. Old habits die hard, right, Larry?  As a matter of fact, Larry's son ran against me just a few years ago, now that I think of it.  This institution, of course, generates, I think, incredibly strong friendships among us on either side of the aisle, and although there is a great deal ofpartisanship that has been reflected over the last few years, more than when I first came, which I think is lamentable personally, nevertheless, I think that as the newer Members get here, the longer they are here, the less partisan they become; not necessarily, as all of you have experienced, less convicted of the principles with which they came, but less convinced that the folks who do not agree with them are not good Americans as well.  I think those of you who are former Members are not Republican former Members or Democratic former Members, but former Members who contributed greatly to your country, to your districts certainly, and your States, but to this institution as well. On behalf of Dick Gephardt and David Bonior and Vic Fazio and the rest of the leadership, I am very, very pleased to welcome you back and to thank you for the shoulders on which we try to serve as well as you did.  Thank you very much.  