 President, I want to thank the distinguished senior Senator from New York for his inspirational remarks. He has been a very knowledgeable observer of the Burmese scene for many years. I thank him for his leadership on this most important issue.  I yield 5 minutes to the junior Senator from New York.  Mr. D'AMATO. Mr. President, let me first say that I want to commend the manager of this bill, the distinguished Senator from Kentucky, for his leadership and his courage in saying clearly that the United States does stand up for those who are oppressed, that we have the courage to look at facts as they are, as discomforting as they may be, and sometimes painful for people to recognize.  We have become a world so interested in commercial advantage that we look aside. We make believe things are not happening. Sometimes it is not pleasant to acknowledge that there is evil, that there are people that we know, governments that we do business with that are involved in perpetuating evil. The killing of innocent human beings, killing them, imprisoning people, terrorizing them, depriving them of their most basic fundamental freedoms that are important. And if we just continue business as usual with them, as if all is well, because we may be commercially advantaged, then I suggest to you that we are betraying the greatness and the heritage of this country. We betray the principles on which so many have laid down their lives for our freedom and the freedom of others. That principle, when we have adhered to it, has always inured to the benefit of mankind and, more particularly, the benefit of our citizens here, not just the people who we have stood up for abroad.  Our history is replete with the times in which we have stood nobly and fought for freedom, and the times we have stepped aside and looked and allowed a petty dictator to terrorize his people on the altar of political expedience. We have contributed to many of the nations who fall under totalitarian domination, because we did business as if nothing was wrong with petty dictators. We condoned, in essence, their actions.  This is an opportunity for us to do what is right and to stand for people who are oppressed. No one has brought this to the table in a more eloquentway than the senior Senator from New York, Senator Moynihan, who has pointed out very clearly that those people who are fighting for freedom, who are there and being oppressed, say, ``Don't believe this nonsense that if you cut off doing business, you are going to be hurting the average citizen, because you are not because the government that is in control now, the junta, the dictatorship, will use those funds for their own purposes, and no real economic benefit will come to the people.''  So I hope that we will continue to maintain the beacon of freedom and that we will support the chairman's mark.  