 President, I rise in support of H.R. 2066, which is identical to S. 1613, a bill which I cosponsored. The purpose of this legislation is to provide commonsense flexibility to schools in meeting the statutory requirement of serving meals that meet the dietary guidelines for Americans under the school lunch and breakfast programs.  The dietary guidelines for Americans were first issued jointly by the Department of Agriculture and the Department of Health and Human Services in 1980, and have been revised several times since to reflect developments in scientific opinion. They present reasonable suggestions for how healthy Americans should eat to help them stay healthy. Congress has required that the school lunch and breakfast programs meet standards outlined in the dietary guidelines beginning with the 1996-97 school year.  Local school food service personnel have been working hard to improve the nutritional quality of school meals so that the dietary guidelines would be met. Good progress has been underway in virtually all schools, and many schools have met the dietary guidelines for a number of years using the existing food-based meal pattern. Unfortunately, recent regulatory efforts by the Department of Agriculture seem to have been undertaken with such good-intentioned zeal that local school food service personnel found themselves being micromanaged from Washington. Mr. President, there are relatively few things that work out well when mandated in detail from Washington and then implemented without reasonable discretion across the country. In school lunches and breakfasts, that is a recipe for disaster.  This legislation makes crystal clear that the regulations, policies, and guidelines in effect in 1994-95 school year are to be available to schools as one of the reasonable means of meeting the dietary guidelines. This legislation reaches beyond the regulations to the informal policy guidance documents. For example, the Department of Agriculture has issued a new policy regarding bread serving sizes that could have been issued under the 1994-95 food plan regulations, but was not. This new policy specifies, among other things, various sizes for muffins that must be served to meet the new policy. The sizes depend on the ingredients, and in some cases, the size of muffins would have to double. This legislation provides that the previous bread policy is available to schools in serving a food-based menu plan. This legislation is not to be construed as permitting new mandates or overly-clever interpretations in informal policy statements with the effect of defeating flexibility for local schools. This is just the sort of micromanagement from Washington our schools do not need.  Mr. President, I know and appreciate the work of school food service personnel. They work day in and day out to provide the best possible meals for the children of their school. Often, they are preparing meals for their own children. The Department of Agriculture should not again lose sight of that commitment by local school personnel. Instead of detailed mandates that prove to be unworkable, USDA should strive to work with the local food service personnel who feed our children each school day.  