 President, I am going to yield the floor because I know my friend from Minnesota is anxious to get his remarks in and go to something else. But I mentioned the NEA in connection with the PAC discussion because I would say to my friend from Utah, in the letter they sent just today indicating their opposition to this bill, they said that the average contribution to the NEA PAC is $6.  Now, Republicans know they are a very big PAC because we rarely get any contribution from it, but I would say that it is a step forward for democracy to have that many people involved participating together on behalf of a cause in which they believe. So we should not be banning PAC's. I do not think the courts would let us do it, but we should not be doing it. Something as unconstitutional, as the ACLU candidly says, should not pass in the Senate.  But specifically in connection with the PAC discussion, most PAC's include an awful lot of Americans banding together to support the candidates of their choice. It is very, very hard for me to see how that is a bad thing for democracy.  Finally, before yielding the floor, let me say there is always a lot of discussion anytime we bring this issue up about leveling the playing field. Well, in order to level the playing field in Kentucky, you would have to get about half the Democrats to change their registration. You would have to sell about half the newspapers to different owners so they would occasionally support Republicans. And you would have to rewrite the political history of the State.  So if we are really going to be serious about leveling the playing field here, money is not the only factor in these elections--voting behavior, registration, newspaper endorsements, what kind of year it is. If the Government is really going to try to create a level playing field, let us really get into this thing now and figure out how to really do it.  In short, Mr. President, you cannot create a level playing field; it is impossible. It is impossible because every political year is different, every State is different, the strength of the parties is different. All you can do through thiskind of proposal is, as my friend from Utah pointed out, redirect money in a different direction. Spending limits are, in short, like putting a rock on Jello. It sort of oozes out to the side in a different direction.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  Mr. McCONNELL. I will be happy to yield the floor, and we will continue the debate later.  