 Mr. President, let me say that in terms of the pain to American business, there are only two companies, both of them oil companies, that are in there and plan to stay. Everybody else is pulling out. One oil company decided not to deal with this regime. Eddie Bauer pulled out, and Liz Claiborne pulled out. The retailers do not want to have anything to do with this crowd, which exists for the sole purpose of terrorizing its own citizens. They have a 400,000-person army, armed to the teeth, not because of any expansionist goal, but to suppress and abuse their own citizens. That is all they do. So if you want to do business in Burma, you cut a deal with the State Law and Order Restoration Council and you enrich them.  So in terms of the pain to American business, if this sanctions measure went into effect, it would affect only two companies--not like South Africa, in which my friend and colleague from Maine supported the South African sanctions bill, as did I. My friend from Maine voted to override the President's veto, as did I. A lot of others did, too, a good number of Senators who are still in the Senate on both sides of the aisle. That was actually a painful decision because there was a lot of American investment in South Africa that had to pick up and leave. There is no question about whether South African sanctions worked. They worked. Now, I know there is a feeling around here on the part of some that sanctions never work. The truth of the matter is that sometimes they do and sometimes they do not. We have to pursue these issues one at a time, in a pragmatic way, and consider what is appropriate in a given country.  I say to my friend from Maine, and others, that we did not start proposing unilateral sanctions the first year. I have been working on this issue for a couple of years, most of the time sort of by myself, because there are no Burmese-Americans to get us all interested in this. America is a melting pot, and a lot of Americans who came from other places get interested in foreign assistance bills. Whether they are Jewish-Americans, Ukrainian-Americans, Polish-Americans, they take an interest, or Armenian-Americans. There are not many Burmese-Americans. So this issue has not been on the radar screen here. But, as a practical matter, this is one of the most, if not the most, because it ranks up there with North Korea, repressive regimes in the world.  It has been 6 years since the election. The Bush administration did not pay any attention to the election, and neither is the Clinton administration. The problem I have with the proposal of my friend from Maine--and I know it is well-intentioned and popular with the other countries in ASEAN--is that I do not think it will have any impact, I say with all due respect, because the present administration has shown no interest in doing anything significant.  As I understand the proposal of my friend from Maine, it would, in effect, mean increasing aid to SLORC, since the Senate voted 50 to 47 in November to put off aid for narcotics. We all understand that the American interest in Burma is not because we have a lot of Burmese citizens; it is because we have a lot of Burmese heroin. If you wanted to look at it from a purely domestic point of view, that is the interest in Burma.  So I guess the question is whether there would be a serious narcotics enforcement effort by this crowd running Burma.  