 President, this year the foreign operations bill provides $12.246 billion to administer our foreign assistance programs. This slightly exceeds the bill signed into law last year but is more than $700 million below the administration's request. Although this is a substantial reduction, I believe we have crafted a bill which addresses congressional concerns about balancing the budget while continuing to serve vital U.S. national security priorities.  Let me briefly review both the funding levels and policy provisions which advance our common international interests.  In title I, we have provided $632 million for export promotion programs. The Trade Development Agency and the Overseas Private Investment Corporation are fully funded, and the Export-Import Bank is near the request level.  Virtually all of us have learned of the direct benefit these programs have had in securing new markets and opportunities for American business. While some people have expressed concern about our subsidizing American corporations, this support we offer in this bill is a reflection of how competitive the international market has become. I believe our export promotion programs are essential to our long-term economic security.  If you have any doubt about the significance of this funding, there is one statistic which makes clear how important our competition thinks these programs are. Last year the Export-Import Bank extended $2.9 billion in loans. Its Japanese counterpart provided $19.3 billion in support.  While I am a strong supporter of the Bank, I have been deeply concerned about recent management problems. Both the Office of Personnel Management and the General Accounting Office investigated the Bank's misuse of certain salary-related authorities. In a 1995 audit, OPM concluded that retention allowances have been granted to approximately 200 of the Bank's 450 employees ``contrary to law and regulation.'' Instead of meeting the legal requirement of establishing an employee's unique qualifications and intent to leave Government service, the current management at the Bank treated retention allowances as performance bonuses.  While the problem was drawn to White House attention, the acting Chairman's nomination pending before the Banking Committee was resubmitted as a recess appointment. This has prompted the committee to limit funding for the Chairman's salary until this matter can be fully reviewed in the context of a nomination hearing.  Let me now turn to title II. We have provided $1.7 billion in funding for development assistance, including child survival programs, and the Development Fund for Africa, the Inter-American Foundation and the African Development Foundation. This level is close to the administration's request and was a high priority of Senator Leahy and a majority of the members of the committee.  Within the bilateral aid account there are a handful of earmarks including funds for Camp David Partners, Burma and Cyprus.  Given our strong interest in securing the transition of free market democracies, we have fully funded the administration's request for the New Independent States of the former Soviet Union. In addition to earmarking levels of support for Ukraine, Armenia, and Georgia, the bill provides funding for safety programs at nuclear reactors, small business development, strengthening agricultural productivity, and treatment for children who are victims of the Chernobyl disaster.  While not in statute, I want to take note of important report language regarding Russia.  President Yeltsin has made a lot of extravagant financial pledges on the campaign trail which must be reconsidered if the nation is to stay within IMF fiscal guidelines and sustain economic reforms. The committee points out that the outcome of the elections reflects U.S. assistance is less importantthan the political and economic choices Russia's citizens and leaders will make in the coming months.  The report states that this is an important transition year for Russia. With over $10 billion in IMF loan commitments and $4.2 billion in United States bilateral support, it is the committee's expectation that most aid will be phased out and that Russia will graduate from our foreign operations programs in fiscal 1997.  Let me now address the independent agencies which are also funded in title II. Given the strong bipartisan support for the Peace Corps, we were able to come close to the administration's request and provide a total in resources of $217 million.  The International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Program has been increased substantially over last year's level from $115 million to $160 million. I continue to be deeply concerned that the administration made the decision to shift resources away from transit countries to source countries. Long-term, this approach may make sense, but the reductions in the transit country effort seem to have been made well before the source country strategy and programs had been put in place. Hopefully, the strong funding level will assure we can maintain an aggressive effort in both transit and source countries.  Mr. President, in consultation with the House, we have established a consolidated account which includes proliferation, demining and some of the related international organization programs. Within this account, we have provided funding to complete our commitment to Israel's counterterrorism effort.  This account also provides funding at last year's level for the Korea Peninsula Energy Development Organization also known as KEDO. As the report reflects, the committee supported the administration's request to leave the actual funding number out of last year's bill in order not to impede global fundraising efforts.  I thought we had a clear understanding as to precisely what level had been justified and was permissible. Unfortunately, the administration took advantage of our effort to help them and substantially exceeded justified levels of spending.  In documents submitted last year the administration suggested we planned to contribute 20 percent or $10 million toward the annual costs of 500,000 tons of heavy fuel oil. Subsequently, without submitting required reprogramming notifications, the White House announced it intended to provide $22 million to cover fuel oil. I think it is important that there is no further confusion on the burden the United States is willing to assume, so we have included a specific level of funding.  We have also included a requirement that oil may only be made available subject to confirmation that the North Koreans are not diverting it for military or other illegal uses. This is consistent with the Secretary of State's pledge to the subcommittee to assure compliance on oil use.  Turning now to our military assistance programs in title III, we have earmarked resources for the Camp David partners and provided sufficient funds to cover the transfer of F-16's to Jordan. In other areas, we have funded IMET at $40 million and provided $65 million for voluntary peacekeeping activities.  For several years, the subcommittee has been supportive of programs under the Partnership for Peace and Warsaw Initiative. This year we moved forward and consistent with the NATO Participation Act and subsequent similar legislation, the bill designates Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic eligible for NATO admission. The committee has made $20 million in loans and $30 million in grants available to these three nations to improve their military capabilities. This is an initiative crafted in conjunction with the former majority leader and in which there had been strong bipartisan interest.  Finally, with regard to title IV which funds the international financial institutions, we have done the best we could given the enormous size of the administration's request. In response to interest expressed by a majority of the committee, we have provided $295 million to cover our international organizations and programs. This will allow the administration to fully fund our pledge to UNICEF.  Our treatment of the International Development Association bears some explanation. For the first time in history, this administration agreed to vote for an arrangement which segregated $3.3 billion in contributions in a new interim trust fund to be managed by IDA. The ITF will allow only corporations and suppliers from those nations contributing to the fund to compete for contracts. Like many of my colleagues, I oppose the administration's decision to vote to exclude U.S. suppliers from competition for contracts. Thus, we have provided $626 million as a U.S. contribution to the interim trust fund. This assures American companies will continue to have access to resources we invest in the banks.  There is one further item worth drawing attention to. In the general provisions section of the bill we have included sanctions legislation regarding Burma. I recognize this is unusual in an appropriations bill and expect some debate here on the floor on that issue. However, it is my view, a view shared by the elected leader of Burma, Aung San Suu Kyi, that the time has come for the United States to exercise leadership on this issue.  That basically completes my summary of the bill.  I would like to hear from my friend and colleague Senator Leahy. We will have a couple of amendments to lay down tonight, one of which we expect to be able to get a vote on at 9:30 in the morning.  With that overview, I yield the floor.  