 President, 2 years ago, the Senate debated President Clinton's massive, 1,400-page proposal to radically restructure America's health care system. After great fan fare, this big-government era proposal faltered under the crushing weight of its 8 new entitlements, 17 new taxes, 50 newly-minted government bureaucracies, 177 new State mandates, and nearly 1,000 new Federal powers and responsibilities.  Republicans promised then that we would provide the focused, consumer-based health care reform plan that Americans have asked for by an overwhelming margin. Today, under the leadership of Senator Kassebaum, Senator Roth, and Senator Dole, we deliver on that promise.  S. 1028, the Health Insurance Reform Act, focuses on alleviating key burdens that restrict the ability of Americans to obtain and maintain health care coverage--a lack of portability and the barrier of preexisting conditions. Today when Americans change jobs or face layoffs, they are at-risk of becoming uninsured or subject to preexisting condition exclusions. When employers are forced to frequently change health care plans to control costs, employees with medical conditions find themselves further exposed to coverage gaps.  S. 1028 presents reforms that definitively address these problems. This bill limits the ability of insurers and employers to impose preexisting condition exclusions. It prevents insurers from dropping coverage when an individual changes jobs or a family member becomes sick. It helps small companies gain more purchasing clout in the market by allowing them to voluntarily form purchasing coalitions. According to GAO, S. 1028's portability reforms will help 25 million Americans each year.  By alleviating job lock and providing States with greater flexibility to address the coverage needs of high-risk consumers, S. 1028 presents broadly supported, commonsense reforms that build upon successful State health care initiatives.  I am proud to join with 64 of my colleagues in cosponsoring S. 1028's reasonable plan to promote private sector competition and market-driven innovation. This proposal fulfills Americans' request 2 years ago for sound, focused solutions to our Nation's health care concerns.  S. 1028's reforms to enhance the availability of health care coverage is further supported by the Finance amendment's provisions to address the affordability of health care insurance.  First, the Finance amendment increases the tax deduction for self-employed who purchase health insurance by 5-percent increments from the current 30 percent to 80 percent.  Second, it provides tax exemptions to State-sponsored risk pools which help bring down the cost of health insurance for businesses and high-risk individuals.  I am particularly supportive of the long-term care provisions included in the Finance package. The ability to access quality, private long-term care insurance plans is pivotal to families facing the emotional and financial challenges of long-term care.  Traditionally, a family member, most likely a wife or daughter, has cared for an ailing spouse or parent at home. However, today's pressures of work, child-rearing, and family mobility greatly restrict the ability of adult children to administer to the day-to-day needs of a chronically ill parent. In addition, the rigors of home-based care can have a debilitating impact on the health and well-being of a caring spouse.  As America's population ages, the need for long-term care increases. In 1993, almost 33 million Americans were over the age of 65, and by 2011, the elderly population is estimated to number close to 40 million. While the opportunity for a happy and healthy retirement is better than ever, an October 1995 long-term care survey by Harvard/Harris revealed that one in five Americans over age 50 is at high risk of needing long-term care during the next 12 months.  Today, a variety of long-term care services are available, from help in cleaning one's home and getting groceries to skilled nursing care with 24-hour supervision. However, the means to pay for long-term care are still very limited and the expense can be overwhelming. For example, $59 billion was spent on nursing home care for the elderly in 1993, and 90 percent was covered by out-of-pocket payments and Medicaid.  The cost of paying out-of-pocket for 1 year in a nursing home is more than triple a senior's average annual income. Long-term care expenses put a lifetime of work and investment at risk. To gain Medicaid coverage, seniors must ``spend down'' their assets in order to meet State eligibility requirements. While Medicare takes care of hospital costs and home care, it provides only limited coverage for short-term stays in skilled nursing facilities.  The medical side of long-term care has seen enormous advances over the years in new technologies, facilities, treatment methods, and even psychological studies of the effects of long-term care on patients. But the financing side of long-term care has simply failed to keep up, and as a result it is ill-prepared for seniors' future needs. Today, private insurance pays for less than 2 percent of long-term care costs. As Federal mandates for Medicaid coverage have increased, States have attempted to contain costs by restricting services for the elderly. State-imposed caps on the number of Medicaid-sponsored nursing home beds has separated families from their loved ones because the only Medicaid beds available were hundreds of miles away from their community. Most disturbingly, the remaining assets of a deceased elderly couple can be tapped through an estate recovery action to compensate the State for the couple's Medicaid expenses.  Since 1990, Medicaid expenditures for long-term care have been increasing by almost 15 percent annually, causing costs to double every 5 years. Medicaid's service as the sole long-term care safety net for middle class seniors may seriously impair the program's ability to serve the underprivileged. While low-income families accounted for 73 percent of Medicaid's beneficiaries in 1993, nearly 60 percent of expenditures went to nursing home care and other long-term care services. For example, in 1993, Kentucky's Medicaid spending per enrollee for children was $964; while the cost for elderly beneficiaries was $6,540. Without relief, a harsh battle between generations may emerge.  Mr. President, I am pleased that my work with Senator Roth has produced a sound plan in response to this critical health care need. The Finance amendment includes several reforms which I supported through my own long-term care bill: providing long-term care insurance with the same favorable tax treatment now available to medical insurance; allowing tax-free withdrawals from life insurance policies for terminally and chronically ill patients; and establishing sound consumer protections.  Private long-term care insurance translates into quality, flexible care for seniors, more Medicaid funds for low-income families and the disabled, and essential support for families who want their loved ones to be safe and secure. These are priorities that all members of Congress share. We should not miss this opportunity to help America's families prepare for the challenges of long-term care.  I regret that the Senate was unsuccessful in retaining Finance's proposal to provide Americans with the choice of Medical Savings Accounts, better known as MSAs. Today, we have witnessed a full-court press against MSAs by those who favor greater government management of health care rather than the expansion of private-sector health care choice. They raise the specter of how MSAs would wreck havoc across our Nation's health care system, and present the threat of a Presidential veto of any health care bill that contains MSAs.  Mr. President, I find this attitude starkly contrasts the promotion of MSAs by the Democratic leadership just a few years ago. In 1992, Senator Daschle viewed MSAs as a means to effectively control medical spending by allowing employers to provide their employees with an annual allowance through a MSA to pay for their routine health care needs. During the 1994 consideration of the Clinton health care plan, Representative Gephardt offered a MSA plan in his leadership proposal, and all but one Democratic member of the House Ways and Means Committee supported it.  Just last week, President Clinton called for an expanded use of retirement accounts to pay for certain health care expenses. Ironically, Democratic members tell us today that the President firmly rejects the specific establishment of a medical account to pay for health care costs.  This inconsistent rhetoric blurs the potential benefits of a MSA option. In 17 states, 3,000 businesses as well as state and local governments are using MSAs. Based on a recent survey by Blue Cross/Blue Shield, 67 percent of employers surveyed were interested in MSAs. For employers who can not afford conventional coverage, and particularly for lower income workers, MSAs offer an affordable option to securing much-needed health care insurance.  As the House health care bill contains MSAs, it is my hope that this provision will be included in the conference committee's final legislative proposal for health care reform.  Mr. President, in sum, S. 1028 and the reforms included in the Finance amendment provide sensible, fundamental solutions to America's health care concerns. President Clinton has promised that ``the Era of Big Government is over.'' In fulfillment of his promise, the President should support S. 1028's effort to provide health care security through greater consumer choice, not greater Federal regulation.  