 President, I want to commend subcommittee Chairman Cochran for his work on the Agriculture Appropriations bill for fiscal year 1997. This bill provides funding for all the activities under the jurisdiction of the Department of Agriculture, except for the U.S. Forest Service. It also funds the activities of the Food and Drug Administration, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and the Farm Credit System.  This has been one of the most difficult years to date and I congratulate Senator Cochran for his leadership in working through the difficult decisions in crafting this bill. In particular, Chairman Cochran and his staff are to be commended for the clarity that this bill provides for the budget of the Food and Drug Administration. That accomplishment required countless hours of hard work, but is just the sort of good government effort we have come to expect from the subcommittee chairman and the staff working under his direction.  FDA's core mission is to protect the health of the American people. A critical part of FDA's core mission is to provide Americans with timely access to drugs, medical devices, and food technologies that can improve public health. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act requires FDA to review and approve or deny petitions and applications for foods, drugs, and medical devices within specified timeframes. Yet, FDA routinely ignores its statutory deadlines. According to the agency's own numbers, FDA, on average, fails to review applications and petitions for every FDA-regulated product category within the prescribed timeframes. FDA's failure to comply with its statutory deadlines hurts patients and consumers waiting for market introduction of new therapies and technologies that can significantly improve public health. The report accompanying this bill, like similar directives from the House, makes clear the congressional expectation that FDA protect public health by performing product reviews within the timeframes prescribed by law.  This bill also directs FDA to complete several rulemakings that have been pending at the agency for as many as 6 years. Although I, like my colleagues, oppose overregulation, I do appreciate the need for regulations required to protect public health. Currently pending at FDA are several rulemakings that have fallen victim to unreasonable agency delay. FDA has identified each of these rulemakings as agency priorities. Yet, the agency's record of follow-through on these rulemakings is terribly lax. I commend subcommittee Chairman Cochran for including language in this bill that directs the agency to complete rulemakings necessary for the protection of public health without unreasonable delay.  During fiscal year 1997, this Senator will be closely watching FDA's performance. It is my hope that the agency will heed congressional directives to comply with statutory review times, as well as complete action on several rulemakings that the agency has identified as important for the protection of public health. Regrettably, over the last few years FDA does not have an impressive record of responsiveness to Congress. If FDA's failure in these areas continues, it is my expectation that the committee will revisit the issue with the intention of compelling FDA compliance with its statutory obligations.  Timely access to new therapies and technologies can significantly enhance public health. FDA must meet the requirements of the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act in its review of petitions and applications.  I am grateful that language concerning the regulation of commercial transportation of equine to slaughter is included. The committee urges the Department to expeditiously act to implement this regulation. Often these horses are transported for long periods, in overcrowded conditions, and often in vehicles that have inadequate head room. The implementation of regulations would allow horses to get to a slaughter facility safely and as quickly as possible with the least amount of stress to the animal.  Again, Mr. President, I congratulate Chairman Cochran on his leadership in developing a well balanced bill that addresses food safety, research, nutrition, conservation, market promotion, and development, and rural development.  