 President, we witnessed today the departure from the Senate of one of the giants of American history. On a day like this, obviously, all of your memories come back to you. I remember the first time I met Bob Dole. It was in this room in the early part of 1969. I was a fuzzy-cheeked staffer back here on what was then these big stuffed couches. Bob Dole was a freshman Senator. Since desks on the floor of the Senate were assigned on the basis of seniority, he sat near the back. I remember him as being the most popular of the freshman Republicans with the staff. Why? Because he was nice to us. This is a place where, as many know, some Senators are a little full of themselves and frequently are not all that nice to staff. Bob Dole was not only nice to us, his humor was often practiced on us before he related some of it on the floor.  In short, you could sense from the beginning, from the day Bob Dole walked in here, that he was something special, that he was not going to be just your average Senator. So like everybody else, I watched his development over the years. I left as a staffer and went back home to do my own thing. My next recollection of Bob Dole was in 1980, his first campaign for President, which was not conspicuously successful. I remember picking him up one day in Kentucky and taking him to a meeting and watching him tirelessly work the crowd. He had to have a sense that his campaign was failing. But as Woody Allen said, ``Eighty percent of life is showing up.'' Bob Dole was driven. He always showed up. He continued to push.  The next time I saw him was in 1984, 3 days before the Senate race in Kentucky. All of a sudden, the word had spread around that this challenger in the Senate race in Kentucky might have a shot. Bob and Elizabeth Dole came in, and we wheeled around the State in their plane, and they gave me the boost I needed at the end to get over the finish line.  In short, like everybody else here, I have had a number of reminiscences of this great American. On a day like this, they all come back. It seems like there is a giant sort of gap here in the Senate with his departure. Today was a bittersweet day for all of us. I think it is kind of a mixture of exhilaration for him that he goes out on this new challenge, undeterred by all of the restraints that are obvious here, but at the same time he regretted his departure. I only add: Godspeed, Bob Dole. I think we will be seeing you in Government once again.  I yield the floor.  