 The very reason it only recently passed is because the foreign operations bill was ping-ponged back and forth across the Capitol, between the House and the Senate, over a period of 3 or 4 months, during which we had nine different votes in the two Houses on the question of abortion.  I understand the concerns that Senator Hatfield has raised with regard to this provision. However, this is not a new topic of debate. In trying to pass the foreign operations bill, as I just indicated, we voted nine times on modifications, amendments, and variations of the language that my good friend from Oregon is now attempting to change. I fear that his language, like earlier proposals, will simply reopen a contentious debate in which Congress and the administration simply do not agree. This is just an area of deep-seated disagreement.  Over on the House side, initially, Congressman Chris Smith and others sought restrictions on population funding that would assure none of our resources was used by institutions which carry out abortions. At no point has anyone opposed supporting legitimate and voluntary family planning services.  I believe the proposal put forward by Congressman Smith, which I included in my chairman's mark for the foreign operations bill, was reasonable. Our proposal would have had no adverse impact on the availability of family planning. But the administration objected to the application of the so-called Mexico City standards on population programs.  As a result, after months of debate and nine votes, we reached a stalemate. At the time of final passage, Senator Hatfield and I agreed the entire issue was more appropriately dealt with by the authorization committees.  To encourage them to continue negotiations and reach a settlement of this policy matter with the administration, we delayed the provision of any population funds until July 1, and at that point disbursed the funds on a limited basis over the next 15 months.  Frankly, I continue to believe we have done the best possible job we could under the circumstances. I have never been involved in a more difficult legislative endeavor than trying to reach some kind of compromise which the previously passed bill embodied.  I hope we take the view, at least for this fiscal year, that a deal is a deal. I think the language in the bill jeopardizes the commitment we made to allow the authorization process to resolve the issue. I really hope we will not reopen this matter today. I think we run the risk of losing the entire omnibus resolution. I do not think the House is going to budge 1 inch on this issue.  So it seems to me we potentially put the omnibus--we actually do put theomnibus appropriations bill in the very same position the foreign operations bill was in for months, stuck in a legislative ditch.  My good friend, the chairman of the full committee, certainly appreciates the issue, that issue, was an enormously complicated problem. I know he has a big task in managing this 781-page bill. But I urge my colleagues, regardless of whether you consider yourself pro-life or pro-choice, we finally struck a deal on the foreign operations bill which has already passed and was signed by the President, which carries us through September 30. We finally, after nine votes, reached a compromise. Nobody was particularly happy with it, but it is now the law. I hope we will not undo that compromise here, halfway through this fiscal year, and run the risk of putting this omnibus appropriations bill in the very same condition that the foreign operations bill was in in October, November, December, and January.  So, I hope my colleagues will support the amendment I have at the desk. I think it will allow us to get past this issue. We are going to have to deal with it again in next year's bill. We are already beginning to develop the foreign operations appropriations bill for next fiscal year, and this issue obviously is not going to go away. But we have reached a compromise for the current year, and I hope we stick to that. We take the view that a deal is a deal, at least for this fiscal year.  I urge all of my colleagues to support the McConnell amendment, which, hopefully, we will be able to vote on sometime in the near future. Senator Dole, I might add, is a cosponsor of my amendment.  With that, Mr. President, I have really completed my remarks. I yield the floor.  