 President, Members and their staffs need to be clear on what this particular debate is about and what it is not about. It is not about the merits of the Presidential campaign fund. It is not about the Watergate so-called reforms.  What this amendment is about is fiscal integrity. Contained within the budget resolution is a provision which simply makes the Presidential election campaign fund tax form checkoff mechanism truly voluntary. In other words, it alters it so that the checkoff no longer diverts tax dollars from the Treasury. Instead, checking ``yes'' will deduct $3 from that person's tax refund.  In sum, what this does is change the checkoff mechanism so that the nearly 90 percent of Americans who choose not to check ``yes'' are not forced to pay for the few who do.  At the most recent checkoff rate, this modest alteration would save taxpayers about $70 million annually.  As I said, this modest proposal does not abolish the Presidential system, as I would like. It does not get rid of the checkoff, as I would like. This is not a referendum on the merits of the Presidential election system.  Presently, the checkoff's ``yes'' box constitutes a direct appropriation diverting tens of millions from the Treasury at the behest of a shrinking pool--13 percent and falling at last count--who check ``yes'' on their tax forms.  As George Will so astutely pointed out in the Washington Post last year, the current checkoff mechanism is a bookkeeping dodge. He further elaborated: ``The checkoff involves not voluntary contributions but rather a diversion of scores of millions of dollars of general revenues to an unpopular program.''  Mr. President, the public's disdain for taxpayers financing of political campaigns is well known so I will not belabor it further at this time.  The budget resolution provision quite simply would modify the checkoff mechanism so that people who oppose taxpayer funded political campaigns do not have to pay for those who check ``yes.'' The Senate has never voted on this specific question--it is not on the merits of the Presidential system--so I hope colleagues who support the Presidential spending limit system will give careful thought to making the checkoff mechanism honest by making it truly voluntary.  Mr. President, we ought to consider expanding the checkoff format, in an add-on form. I am favorably disposed to include such a checkoff to raise funds for America's national parks--popular national treasures. There are no doubt other worthy endeavors which would be appropriate subjects of checkoffs to give Americans an opportunity to directly contribute, without impacting the budget.  The Presidential fund is very unpopular and the checkoff is deceptive. To simply make it honest, I urge my colleagues to oppose the Thompson amendment.  I would also advise Senators that the Kerry amendment is strongly opposed by the National Taxpayers Union and Citizens Against Government Waste. In the view of these good government groups, a vote against the Thompson amendment is a vote for taxpayers.  