 President, as everyone knows, we have, over the last year, year and a half, made some adjustments in the ethics rules for the Senate. The Select Committee on Ethics is principally in business to do investigative and disciplinary work, but its work in the area of Member and public education is also a major part of what the committee does, and that is less familiar to most Americans.  The committee's advice and counsel, typically provided to Members, staff and the public affected by the Senate code of conduct, in fact, constitutes a substantial amount of the work that the committee does in giving advice to people who are seeking not to run afoul of the rules of the Senate. On a regular basis, the committee answers questions and provides guidance on a wide array of subjects, from financial disclosure to the application of gift and travel rules, to conflicts of interest. Much of the advice takes the form of just responses to telephone calls, which are typically received by the committee staff. But, frequently, the committee responds in writing to a specific question raised by a Senator or, for that matter, somebody out in the public who is trying to get advice about how to structure an event. All inquiries, frankly, are welcome and are treated as confidential, in accordance with the committee's rules.  On occasion, a specific question raised with the committee is determined to have general relevance to the entire Senate. Over the years, the committee has published the answers to such questions as interpretative rulings. Between 1977 and 1992, the committee issued more than 440 interpretative rulings, all of which are publicly available.  The committee has also, from time to time, communicated with all Senators in the form of ``Dear Colleague'' letters on a particular point of the Code of Conduct. The committee did that earlier this year regarding the application of the new gifts rule. The committee has compiled various other documents explaining rules governing proper and appropriate Senate conduct.  The committee staff also conducts regular briefings for staff and orientation sessions when we have new Members coming in at the beginning of each Congress.  The sum and substance of this means that information and education are an important part of the work of the Ethics Committee. In order to facilitate and improve the committee's educational role, we have, today, published the first-ever Senate Ethics Manual. I regret that it is as thick as it is, but the Senate, over the last 10, 15 years has been increasingly made more complex in the rules by which we must live our lives, so we have had the staff work, over the last year, trying to develop a manual which, candidly, Mr. President, is not going to answer every question, but may help in providing a sort of quick, ready reference for Members of the Senate in trying to determine how to handle a matter that might raise some ethical question. Again, I apologize for the thickness of it, but I think it illustrates how many new rules we have adopted for ourselves and how much interpretation is needed in order to discover what to do under the new rules. So this will be made available to every Member of the Senate. I suggest that, for whoever in the office becomes sort of the office expert on matters of this sort, this be on their desk and, hopefully, that person will be able to be of some assistance to the Senator in the coming years in answering questions.  The manual is comprehensive. It covers gifts, conflicts of interest, outside income, office account, financial disclosure, political activity, the frank, Senate facilities, constituent service, and employment practices. It explains the rules and incorporates the interpretations that we have developed over the years. In addition, it contains many illustrations of situations that have occurred, or could occur, and sets forth the standard for appropriate conduct.  I am confident that every Senator will incorporate this manual in his or her important office documents. As I have suggested earlier, it will probably end up occupying a significant spot in the office of every Senator. I think it is not likely to eliminate the need to call the Ethics Committee for advice, although it may make those phone calls less frequent.  The committee staff worked long and hard on this manual, and they deserve the appreciation of the Senate and the American people. In particular, Victor Baird, Linda Chapman, Elizabeth Ryan, Adam Bramwell, Marie Mullis, and Annette Gillis toiled long hours over the last several months to bring this project to fruition. They have turned out, in my view, a very fine product.  As I indicated earlier, one copy of this manual will be made available to each Senator. In fact, this afternoon, one copy will be delivered to each office. I am not going to ask that it be printed in the Congressional Record, as it is quite thick, but I ask unanimous consent that the manual be printed as a Senate document.  