 President, by any standard, this has been the kind of day that takes your breath away, one of those days that you will always remember.  Everyone on this side of the aisle had an opportunity earlier this afternoonto sit down with the majority leader as he explained this momentous decision. I looked around the room, and I do not think there was a dry eye in the place. Not a one. Everyone sensed that this was a moment of historical significance, and, indeed, it is. We witnessed one of the great men of American history make a dramatic and important decision that virtually everyone I know thinks was the right decision, to put this magnificent congressional career behind him and to move on to the next challenge.  My oldest daughter happened to have been in town today, and I said, ``Your timing couldn't have been better. Come with me. I'm going to let you experience something you will remember for the rest of your life.'' We walked over to this crowded room, 902, that we were all sort of huddled around in to listen to what one of the skeptical commentators, who usually finds no good in politicians, uttered tonight on the evening news was the finest speech Bob Dole ever made.  So, Mr. President, we are here tonight to celebrate the end of a remarkable career and for many of us to look forward to the next challenge, which is Bob Dole, unencumbered by past responsibility, stepping forward to present to the American people his plans for the next 4 years.  I would be less than candid if I did not say this is probably the most exhilarating moment that people on this side of the aisle have enjoyed in the last 3 months. It is no secret this has not exactly been the height for the Republican national campaign the last few weeks. So it has provided an opportunity to take a second look at what this man would do for America in the next 4 years.  So it is with a great deal of excitement, but also sadness, that we mark the movement of Bob Dole on to a new plateau.  When the history books are written about this institution and they pick out the few Senators who really made a difference for America, there is not a doubt that the Senator from Kansas will be near the top of the list. We wish him Godspeed in the challenges ahead.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  