 President, let me say that if my colleagues are looking for some ideological touchpoint on this issue, they will not find any. It is going to be an odd collection of players on both sides of the aisle.  As my senior colleague from Kentucky just indicated, the Clinton administration supports the Cohen amendment, and I oppose the Cohen amendment, along with Senator Moynihan, from whom you have heard, Senator Leahy who spoke earlier on the issue, and then Senator Helms and Senator Faircloth also will be opposing the Cohen amendment.  So if you are looking for some ideological guidelines, you will not find any on this issue. So this would be a good vote upon which to just sort of set aside party label or ideological leaning and look at the facts and think about what America stands for.  The facts are these: In 1990, in Burma they had a Western-style, internationally supervised election. Eighty percent of the vote went to the National League for Democracy, a party organized around a dynamic leader that is becoming increasingly well-known in the world, Aung San Suu Kyi. As soon as the election was completed and it was clear who had won, the ruling military junta, supported by a 400,000-person army, used entirely internally to control the people of Burma, locked up most of the leadership and put Aung San Suu Kyi under house arrest. She was essentially incommunicado until July 1995, 2 days before a bill that I crafted and introduced was introduced here in the Senate last July.  They claim she was released. Well, it is some kind of release. She is allowed to address, from home, friends and supporters who come around sometimes on a weekly basis. But they do that at some risk. She does not feel comfortable communicating with the outside world. Yet, she smuggled out a tape a week ago for use at the European Union in their Parliament debate in which they call upon their members to institute unilateral sanctions.  So, clearly she does not feel comfortable to just sort of pick up the phone and call some reporter and say, ``This is how I feel.'' But she has been getting her views out. She and the legitimate Government of Burma, much of it now in this country, support the provisions in the underlying bill and oppose the Cohen amendment. I have already put that letter, received today, in the Record.  I do not want to be too hard on the Clinton administration because, obviously, this is not a very partisan issue. We have people all over the lot on this question. But they are basically not interested in doing anything about this problem. But that does not distinguish them from the Bush administration, which had no interest either.  So there has been bipartisan neglect to address this problem. Neither administration has distinguished itself by ignoring a problem which I guarantee you, if there were a bunch of Burmese American citizens, we would have been bouncing off the walls 6 years ago over this. But there are not any Burmese American citizens. We have a lot of Jewish Americans who are interested in Israel, a lot of Armenia Americans who are interested in Armenia, and a lot of Ukraine Americans who are interested in Ukraine. Boy, when we hear from them, we get real interested. But you take some isolated country that did not have the immigration pattern to this country and somehow we act like it does not exist.  But with the Burmese regime, the State Law and Order Restoration Council, SLORC--you can hardly say it without laughing, but it is not funny--runs a terrorist regime in Burma. Some people may say, ``Well, it is none of our affair.'' Sixty percent of the heroin in our country comes from Burma--60 percent of it. Heroin from Burma is tainting the lives of thousands of Americans. This regime cooperates with the people who send it here. So it does have a direct effect on Americans living here in this country as well as offending every standard that we have come to believe in and to promote around the world.  It is safe to say that the Burmese Government can be in a rather unique category with North Korea, Libya, Iran, and Iraq. It is just a small, little family here of truly outrageous regimes, and all the rest of them we have a great interest in and we have sanctions against or we are working to try to diminish the influence of in one way or another. But this country we seem to have no interest in.  The amendment of the Senator from Maine actually makes the situation worse, in my opinion. It will allow aid to this pariah regime to increase. In other words, in the opinion of the Senator from Kentucky, it is worse than current law because last year we voted to cut off a narcotics program in that country because we did not have any confidence in dealing with this outlaw regime. This would make those dealings possible again should the administration decide to engage in it.  The second condition in the Cohen amendment which seems to me to be troublesome is it makes Aung San Suu Kyi's personal security the issue rather than the restoration of democracy. In other words, if you see that Aung San Suu Kyi is in trouble or there is large-scale trouble or violence, then you can take certain actions if you want to, but you do not have to because all of it can be waived.  In short, with all due respect to my good friend from Maine, it seems to me that this amendment basically gives the administration total flexibility to do whatever they want to do, which every administration would love to have. I can understand why they support this amendment. But looking at the track record of this administration and the previous one, given the discretion to do nothing, nothing is what you get. Nothing is what we can anticipate from this administration, and that is what we got from the last one.  Let me say this is not a radical step. Some people think that we should never have unilateral economic sanctions against anybody, but a lot of those people make exceptions for Cuba, for example. ``Well, that is different,'' or they make an exception for a renegade regime like Libya.  The truth of the matter is we have occasionally used unilateral sanctions, and they have not always failed. I mean, it is very common to say they always fail. They do not always fail. In fact, we have a conspicuous success story in South Africa, a place where America led. When we passed the South Africa sanctions bill in 1986, which my good friend from Maine supported, and when we overrode President Reagan's veto, which both of us voted to override, we were not sure it was going to work. All of these arguments about unilateral sanctions were made then. Everybody said, ``Well, nobody else will follow.'' In fact, everybody followed. America led and everybody else followed, and South Africa has been a great success story.  I think those followers are right around the corner. The European Union and the European Parliament took this issue up in July of this year--this month. Why did they get interested? Aung San Suu Kyi's best friend, a man named Nichols, a European who had been a consulate official in Rangoon for a number of different European countries, as the distinguished senior Senator from New York pointed out a minute ago, was arrested earlier this year. His crime was possessing a fax machine, and they killed him. He is dead; murdered.  So the Europeans all of a sudden have gotten interested in this because one of their own has been treated by the Burmese military like it has been treating the Burmese people for years. Carlsberg and Heineken, two European companies, are pulling out. American companies and one oil company decided not to go forward, and all of the retailers who were either in there or on the way in are coming out--Eddie Bauer, Liz Claiborne, Pepsico are coming out. If America leads, others will follow.  Finally, let me say that this is what Aung San Suu Kyi would like, and she won the election. She is familiar with all the arguments that are made by those who do not want unilateral sanctions, that only the people of Burma will be hurt. She is familiar with those arguments. She does not buy it. She does not agree to it. This is what she has to say. She said:       Foreign investment currently benefits only Burma's military      rulers and some local interests but would not help improve      the lot of the Burmese in general.  She said in May this year, quoted in Asia Week:       Burma is not developing in any way. Some people are getting      very rich. That is not economic development.  On Australia Radio in May of this year, she was quoted as saying, a direct quote:       Investment made now is very much against the interests of      the people of Burma.  So, Mr. President, that sums up the argument. If America does not lead, no one will. If given total discretion, all indications are that this administration will have no more interest than the last one. The duly elected Government of Burma is in jail or under surveillance, and we do nothing. This is the opportunity, this is the time for America to be consistent with its principles.  So, Mr. President, I hope that the Cohen amendment will not be approved. I have great respect for my friend from Maine. But I think on this particular issue he is wrong, and I hope his amendment will not be approved.  Mr. President, last week, when she learned the European Parliament and European Union were debating a response to the death of their Honorary Consul, Leo Nichols, Aung San Suu Kyi was able to smuggle out a videotape appealing for sanctions against the military regime in Rangoon. This is the most recent of many courageous calls by the elected leader of Burma for the international community to directly and immediately support the restoration of democracy and respect for the rule of law in her country. She has repeatedly summoned us to take concrete steps to implement the results of the 1990 elections in which the Burmese people spoke with a strong, resolute voice, and the NLD carried the day.  Less we forget, the NLD did not squeak by with a 43 percent mandate as did our sitting President--the leader of the free world. The NLD claimed 392 seats in the parliament winning 82 percent of the vote. Now that's a mandate.  Unfortunately, a shining moment for democracy has been blackened by a ruthless dictatorship. To this day, the generals who make up the State Law and Order Restoration Council [SLORC] maintain a chokehold on Burma's life.  Burma is a battleground between democracy and dictatorship, between those who believe in open markets and those who openly market their self-enriching schemes, between the many who embrace freedom and the few who breed fear, and between Suu Kyi's supporters and SLORC's sycophants.  There are few modern examples where our choice is so stark, where the battle lines are so sharply drawn.  Shortly after her appeal to the U.N. Commission on Human Rights, Suu Kyi called the elected members of the 1990 Parliament to meet in Rangoon. True to her commitment to be inclusive of all Burmese, she even invited SLORC supporters who had been elected.  SLORC's response was swift and devastating. In a matter of 48 hours they rounded up over 200 members of the NLD. If the member was absent when troops arrived for the arrest, a family member was detained instead. While each and every arrest was outrageous, I want to call attention to one which ended tragically.  As many people know, Suu Kyi's father died when she was quite young. In stepped Leo Nichols. He assumed an important role in her life offering friendship and support. He was often referred to as her godfather. The closeness of their relationship was reflected in the fact that following her release last July, Suu Kyi had breakfast every Friday morning with her ``Uncle Leo''.  Sixty-five years old, Leo Nichols was picked up in the April sweep and charged with the illegal use of a fax machine. Even the State Department acknowledged that his relationship with Suu Kyi was the motive behind his arrest. For his crime he was sentenced to 3 years prison. Suffering from a heart condition, he was denied medication and kept in solitary confinement at Insein Prison until June 20, when he was transferred to Rangoon General Hospital. An hour later he died, according to SLORC of a cerebral hemorrhage. He was immediately buried, with family and friends warned not to attend the funeral.  Given his transfer, death, and hasty burial, accounts of his torture have been difficult to confirm. There has been claims that he was badly bruised and beaten--true or not, there is no question his detention contributed to his death, reconfirming the brutal nature of this regime.  Leo Nichols is not SLORC's only victim. There is no question that arbitrary killings, detentions, torture, rape, and forced labor and relocations are tools routinely abused to secure SLORC's position, power and wealth. The U.N. Special Rapporteur for Burma has investigated and documented the abuses in several reports which I urge my colleagues to read.  Nonetheless, some may argue that Burma is too far away from the United States to warrant any interest, time, or attention. But, there are compelling reasons for every community and politician to be concerned about developments in Burma beginning with our drug epidemic.  The 1996 International Narcotics Control Report makes the following points:  Burma is the world's largest producer of opium and heroin;  Opium production has doubled since SLORC seized power;  Burma is the source of over 60 percent of the heroin seized on our streets; and  SLORC is making less and less effort to crack down on trafficking, in fact there has been an 80 percent drop in seizures and the junta is actually offering safe haven to Khun Sa, the regions most notorious narco-warlord.  Now this is a regime with over 400,000 armed soldiers, evidence that if SLORC wanted to crack down on trafficking, they clearly have the means to do so.  The Golden Triangle's deadly exports initially caught my eye, but it is the administration's policy--or lack thereof--which fixed my gaze. This is one of the few occasions where the White House has been consistent; unfortunately, they have been consistently wrong.  As Suu Kyi has repeatedly emphasized since her release, Burma today is not one step closer to democracy. Indeed, I think the situation has seriously, dangerously, and unnecessarily deteriorated.  In November 1994, after a long, disheartening silence, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Tom Hubbard, traveled to Rangoon to issue an ultimatum. The administration called international attention to their new, tough line. SLORC was expected to make concrete progress in human rights, narcotics, and democracy. If they were appropriately responsive, they could expect improved ties. If not, in Hubbard's words, ``the U.S. bilateral relationship with Burma could be further down-graded.''  As most of us learn early in life, you don't taunt a bully. SLORC moved swiftly to call our bluff. Major attacks were launched against ethnic groups, generating tens of thousands of refugees. Democracy activists were rounded up, tortured, and killed. Negotiations over Red Cross access to prisoners ground to a halt, prompting the organization to close its office in Rangoon. And, the administration remained strangely silent.  As the situation worsened, there was another burst of interest, and Madeleine Albright was dispatched to repeat the message. This time it was underscored with a personal meeting and statement of support for dialog with Suu Kyi. Those of us who follow Burma were hopeful that our U.N. Ambassador with a reputation for toughness would press forward with a clear strategy.  Sadly, again, SLORC rose--or should I say sunk--to the occasion. As the noose tightened around Suu Kyi and the NLD, the administration remained silent.  In the wake of the April sweep against the NLD, there was stepped up grass roots interest in sanctioning Burma. To preempt these calls, once again the administration dispatched officials to size up the situation. This time, instead of visiting Rangoon, they traveled the region.  A stinging column carried in the Nation, characterized the American approach as ``outspoken and critical but its repeated messages or threats often carry no weight because of a lack of back up action. It is a typical case of words not being matched with deeds.''  The column quoted a senior Thai official who suggested the trip was ``a conspiracy to thwart attempts by the U.S. Congress to pass an economic sanctions bill which is gaining growing support.'' The official went on to note ``The American government is good at making empty threats and last week's trip is just another example.''  In briefings following up the trip, the State Department made clear that the Special Envoys were not dispatched with a specific message--they had no orders to press any agenda for action--and as the Nation so clearly stated: ``The two failed to spell out, in concrete terms, possible U.S. retaliatory measures.''  After hollow policy pronouncements and weak-willed waffling from the administration, SLORC is convinced it will pay no price for repression. We are left with few real options with the potential for success.  The business community understandably prefers the status quo. They suggest that our ASEAN partners will not support a strategy of escalating isolation. A tougher line will only result in a loss of market share to our French, Italian, or other competitors.  But, let me point out, just as the call for sanctions has grown stronger in the United States, it has resonated through corporate halls and the corridors of power in Europe.  The European Parliament has called upon its members to take action to suspend trade and investment in Burma. The European Union has taken up legislation suspending visas and all high level contacts with the Burmese.  Heineken and Carlsberg have pulled out in response to public pressure. And, in an important development, the Danish Government has sold off all its holdings in TOTAL, the French oil company with the largest investment in Burma. In announcing its decision, a spokesman for the fund said it was made in anticipation of ``a possible international boycott of TOTAL due to its engagement in Burma and because of a televised report showing the intolerable living conditions in that country.''  In this context, U.S. sanctions are hardly a radical step. In fact, I think it would be an unprecedented embarrassment to all this Nation represents to fall behind the European effort in supporting Burma's freedom.  In addition to suggesting that sanctions will only hurt U.S. business, opponents of my legislation argue economic progress will yield political results. This is Vietnam, they say. Burma is like China.  Well, I am a vocal advocate of MFN for China. I have supported normalizing relations with Vietnam. In both instances, we have effectively used an economic wedge to pry open access to totally closed societies. Trade is an important tool in these two cases because it is our only tool.  Burma is quite different. In Burma, millions of people turned out to vote for the NLD. The fact that they were robbed of the reward of free and fair elections defines both America's opportunity and obligation.  The appropriate analogy with Burma is not China or Vietnam, it is South Africa where our application of sanctions clearly worked, just ask Nelson Mandela. That is the course I recommend the United States pursue.  In 1996, the advocates for democracy in Burma are facing the same challenges as the 1986 opponents of apartheid. I heard exactly the same arguments then, as I do now. Let me draw some parallels for you.  When Senators Roth, Dodd, and I introduced the first sanctions bill a decade ago, both the Reagan administration and the business community argued the political value of our sizable capital investment.  U.S. investment was a meaningful catalyst for change. Major American corporations called attention to their hiring policies, scholarship programs, and contributions to hospitals, schools, and community development projects.  In sum, I was told that withdrawing U.S. investment would hurt, not help, the common man. Not so, says Bishop Tutu. In an April letter to the Bay Area Burma Roundtable he said, ``The victory over apartheid in South Africa bears eloquent testimony to the effectiveness of economic sanctions.''  There are other, relevant parallels.  South Africa was the African fault line in our cold war struggle for power. With Soviet proxy forces engaged in neighboring conflicts in Angola and Mozambique, South Africa assumed an important position in our regional security strategy.  The Chinese colonization of Burma should sound similar alarms. If there is a single issue which should cause our ASEAN partners deep concern, it is the expanding military and political ties between Rangoon and Beijing. Like South Africa, Burma may not represent an immediate security problem, but the long term regional trends demand our attention.  In South Africa, there was a grassroots, well-organized, vocal African-American constituency supporting sanctions.  In Burma, the constituency should be every American community concerned by our drug epidemic.  In South Africa, good corporate citizens developed a corporate conscience and pulled out.  In Burma, Amoco, Columbia Sportswear, Macys, Eddie Bauer, Liz Claiborne, Levi Strauss, and now Pepsi have answered the call to divest.  In South Africa, sanctions affected substantial, longstanding foreign investment.  In Burma, less is at stake and sanctions are largely preemptive.  But, American investment--however little--is still propping up a few generals. We are not improving the quality of life for most Burmese. U.S. capital is simply subsidizing global shopping sprees for a handful of SLORC officials and their families.  Just as SLORC has increased pressure on Burma's democracy movement, we must increase pressure on SLORC. I believe the time has come to ban U.S. investment and aid and oppose any international lending to this pariah regime. We should cut off the source of SLORC's power.  Several weeks ago, Suu Kyi noted:       There is a danger that those who believe economic reforms      will bring political progress to Burma are unaware of the      difficulties in the way of democratization. Economics and      politics cannot be separated, and economic reforms alone      cannot bring democratization to Burma.  She has emphatically opposed any foreign investment, calling instead for the international community to take firm steps to implement the 1990 elections. And, while she has stressed the NLD's commitment to solving political problems through dialogue, she recently warned the world that she was not prepared to stand idly by as SLORC attacked her supporters.  Shortly after these remarks, SLORC surrounded her compound with razor wire, effectively cutting off the thousands of loyal and peaceful citizens who make a weekly pilgrimage to hear her speak.  Suu Kyi is prepared to accept her rearrest. Although she is under constant surveillance and severely limited in her movements, she has not chosen to join her husband and children in exile. Aung San Suu Kyi has sacrificed over and over again to secure Burma's freedom.  Let us hope it will not take the sacrifice of her life to impel this administration to assume the mantle of leadership, fitting for the only remaining superpower, and chart a course for the ship we captain called liberty.  How much time do I have remaining?  