 I will try to keep this short. But I would say to my friend from Utah, I think the answer to the question that was raised, the whole issue of whether there is spending in this bill, of course, there is. It is referred to, Mr. President, as ``voluntary'' when, in fact, it is voluntary such as the following situation: You are being held up and a fellow puts a gun to your temple, and he says, ``You don't have to give me your billfold, but if you don't, I am going to shoot you.''  So what happens to you in this situation, I say to my friend from Utah, is that if you do not agree to the Government-imposed speech limit on the campaign, the following things happen to you: You lose free broadcast time, 30 minutes; you lose the 50 percent broadcast discount; you lose a discounted postage rate; your opponent gets a higher contribution, individual contribution limit.  As you can see, this is not terribly voluntary. In fact, it is the part of the bill that makes it unconstitutional.  Now, I did not stand up here to make my major comments on this, but I did want to just follow up on this PAC discussion because I know my friend from Arizona had the PAC chart up. I used to advocate, as a part of an overall compromise back years ago when our side was trying to put together an alternative, going along with the PAC ban even though I knew it was unconstitutional. I think that it was a bad decision then and it would be a bad decision now to eliminate political action committees, because, in fact, the vast majority of them are organized just as my friend from Utah has suggested.  An awful lot of American citizens, Mr. President, are really offended by the likelihood that they would be pushed out of the political process altogether. Having been involved in this debate for some 10 years now and having watched the flow of this issue, I would say what is different about the debate this year is that an awful lot of people who are aggrieved by it are willing to say something.  For example, the National Education Association, with which I am very seldom allied, just wrote me a letter indicating they are opposed to this bill. I know that EMILY's List is opposed to this bill. I know that the National Taxpayers Union, the National Right to Life Committee, the National Rifle Association, the Christian Coalition, the National Association of Broadcasters, the National Association of Business PAC's are all against this bill.  Now, in the case of the broadcasters and the direct marketing people, you could argue that one of the reasons they do not like this bill is because they are going to be called upon to pay for it. I guess you could argue technically that there is not taxpayer funding in here, but spending limits are not free. So the question is, who picks up the tab? Under this proposal, the broadcasting industry and the direct marketing industry have the opportunity to pass these costs along to their customers. And that is, in effect, how it is paid for.  The NEA----  