 President, this morning, I listened to my colleague from Kentucky with great interest as he expressed our mutual concern about the action taken by the conferees on the chemical demilitarization program. I share his disappointment that language which would have guaranteed an alternative technology program so clearly in the interests of our constituents was deleted in conference.  Let me review for a moment how we ended up in this situation and how I hope we can correct course. Several months ago, staff representing all of the Members who have chemical demilitarization facilities met in Senator Ford's office to review the status of demilitarization at each site. At the time, Senator Ford offered a proposal which required the Department of Energy, in conjunction with the Army office which currently manages the incineration program, to develop alternatives to incineration. Although I strongly supported the idea of alternative technologies, the Department ofEnergy had no demonstrated experience with chemical weapons. Given the danger involves with this aging stockpile, appointing an agency which, in effect, would have to undergo on-the-job training did not seem a safe or suitable option.  As Senator Ford mentioned, both the Congress and the communities affected by these facilities have had serious problems with the Army office responsible for the baseline program. They have been adamantly opposed to considering any credible alternatives to incineration. This led me to the conclusion that assigning them any role for an alternative program was counterproductive so I found I was also unable to support this provision in Senator Ford's draft bill.  Being uncertain about two of the key provisions in Senator Ford's proposal I decided to pursue my concerns through the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. Unlike the Armed Services Committee, the Appropriations Committee has an unusual number of Members with chemical weapons sites in their States. In addition to the distinguished chairman of the Committee, Senator Hatfield and the ranking member on the Defense Subcommittee, Senator Inouye, Senators Bennett, Nighthorse Campbell, Shelby, Bumpers and Mikulski each have an installation of grave concern to their constituents. As a result, Senator Stevens was very responsive to our common interest in holding a hearing to consider the status of the Army's incineration program as well as the viability of alternatives.  In discussion following the June 4 hearing, Senator Stevens agreed to include a provisions in the chairman's draft of the Defense appropriations bill which addressed my concerns. The language which passed the Senate and is now in conference, provides $40 million for the initiation of a pilot program to identify and demonstrate not less than two alternative technologies to the baseline incineration process. The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology is directed to assign a program officer to pursue this effort. The report language which accompanied the bill explicitly stated.       Under no circumstances shall the Under Secretary appoint a      program executive officer who is, or has ever been, in direct      or indirect control of the baseline reverse assembly      incineration process.  Finally, the bill prohibits the obligation of funds to initiate construction in Kentucky or Colorado until 180 days after the Under Secretary has reported back on the pilot program.  It is my understanding that the amendment that Senator Ford offered which was accepted on a voice vote just before final passage of the Defense Authorization bill has been modified so that it was compatible with the language already included in the Defense appropriations bill. This final version of Senator Ford's proposal was clearly on the right track and I share his disappointment about the outcome. I also agree with his assessment that the substitute language is in fact worse than the status quo in that it postpones serious consideration of alternative technologies and gives the managers of the current incineration program both the responsibility for studying alternative options as well as the right to veto any new ideas.  I have discussed Senator Ford's and my concerns with both the chairman of the Armed Services Committee and the chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense. Since the Defense Subcommittee will begin conference tomorrow, it is my hope that we can reach a favorable solution to this unfortunate turn of events.  I am grateful to the sound guidance I have received from Senator Stevens and Senator Inouye. Both have extensive experience and a thorough understanding of the complexities of this issue and both I and my constituents will look to their leadership and count on their continued good advice.  