 President, I move that the Senate insist on its amendment, request a conference with the House on the disagreeing votes, and the Chair be authorized to appoint conferees on the part of the Senate.  The motion was agreed to, and the Presiding Officer (Mr. Coverdell) appointed Mr. McConnell, Mr. Specter, Mr. Mack, Mr. Jeffords, Mr. Gregg, Mr. Shelby, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Hatfield, Mr. Leahy, Mr. Inouye, Mr. Lautenberg, Mr. Harkin, Ms. Mikulski, Mrs. Murray, and Mr. Byrd conferees on the part of the Senate.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, let me take a couple of minutes. I will take my 2 minutes now.  Mr. President, I think the bill we just passed by an overwhelming vote serves U.S. vital interests. The Camp David Accord commitments are in the bill. There is full funding for the NIS. The New Independent States of the former Soviet Union are earmarked for Ukraine, Armenia, and Georgia, and there is a significant commitment to nuclear safety improvements in Ukraine. As a result of the amendment of the occupant of the Chair, there is full funding for our narcotics effort. NATO expansion--we are taking further steps down the road to NATO expansion not only with the provisions in the underlying bill but also with the amendment of Senator Brown last night which designated Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic eligible for $50 million, the transition fund which is part of the underlying original bill. So I think it is an important step in the right direction.  I thank in particular my long-time assistant Robin Cleveland for her outstanding work on this piece of legislation, and Jim Bond from the Appropriations Committee who always does an excellent job, and also Tim Rieser of the minority staff, who we always enjoy working with, and certainly my friend and colleague Pat Leahy who it is a pleasure to work with. I have enjoyed our association on this kind of legislation over the last few years, and I look forward to working with him in the future on it.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  