 President, the first amendment regarding Bosnia, conditions the obligation of funds in this supplemental upon a certification that all foreign fighters, including Iranians are out of Bosnia, in compliance with the Dayton Accords.  Let me describe each amendment, turning first to foreign troops.  Article III of annex 1A is absolutely clear--Let me read it into the Record. This is part of the Dayton Accords. It says:       All forces in Bosnia and Herzegovina as of the date this      Annex enters into force which are not of local origin,      whether or not they are legally and militarily subordinated      to the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Federation of      Bosnia and Herzegovina or the Republic of Srpska, shall be      withdrawn together with their equipment from the territory of      Bosnia and Herzegovina within 30 days.  Just to make abundantly clear so that there was no misunderstanding of just what we meant by this provision, the annex spells out who was affected by this requirement. The accord explicitly states:       In particular, all foreign forces, including individual      advisors, freedom fighters, trainers, volunteers, and      personnel from neighboring and other states, shall be      withdrawn from the territory of Bosnia and Herzegovina.  In a December hearing before the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Foreign Operations, Assistant Secretary Holbrooke reiterated the ``high importance'' the administration attached to full compliance with this provision.  Let me cite his testimony:       It is imperative that the commitment made to have these      elements removed be honored. They have said publicly they      will do so . . . President Clinton raised this directly with      President Izetbegovic in Paris.  During questioning he noted that Iranian and other freedom fighters were concentrated in the sector where United States troops are operating, ``so we are going to be watching this extremely carefully.''  When I asked Secretary Holbrooke what happens if they choose not to go, his answer was absolutely unequivocal:       Choose not go go? This is the Bosnian government's home      turf. This is the core of the Federation position. It is not      their choice. If the government of Bosnia-Herzegovina says      they will go, then either they go or the Bosnian government      was not sincere in what it said. They must get them out and      we will know if they are out or not . . . President      Izetbegovic has publicly committed himself, not only to the      public and the press, but to the President.  The deadline for the withdrawal has now come and gone. January 19 passed with Iranian's terrorist forces still operating in the American patrolled sector.  Secretary Christopher acknowledged the administration's ongoing concern about this issue during an appearance on the McNeil-Lehrer Show on January 23. At that time, he said:       We will not go forward with the equipment and training      unless they are in compliance with the agreement. They'll not      have a right to the reconstruction fund unless they are in      compliance with the agreement.  At the time, I was reassured that the administration shared the view many of us have here in Congress--Iranian troops represented a direct threat to American soldiers and to American long-term interests in stability.  Yet shortly after the Secretary's remarks, NATO soldiers raided a house near Sarajevo and detained 11 people with a cache of weapons, ammunition and explosives. According to a senior State Department official, news accounts indicated five were Iranians believed to have already left the country, yet they were clearly involved in plotting attacks on NATO installations.  This past week, the Washington Post reported that members of the Iranian Interior Ministry are among the 150 or so men running vie to seven training camps. Western officials believe Iranian Revolutionary Guards joined by volunteers from across the Islamic world are engaged in building a secret security organization called the Agency for Investigation and Documentation.  U.S. Navy Adm. Leighton Smith conceded in a recent interview that the forces were of immediate concern to the security of American soldiers and cited the loss of 248 marines in Beirut in a suicide bomber attack.  In addition to our security concerns, Iranian forces and their role in the Agency for Investigation and Documentation directly undermine prospects for continuation of the Moslem-Croat Federation. In a letter to Izetbegovic, Federation President Kresimir Zubak said the Agency was ``in direct opposition to the constitution of the federation and the law.''  He, like others are deeply worried that the agency will be used to harass and investigate Izetbegovic's political opponents and over the long run, encourage the movement toward a separate Moslem state, a goal Iran has long pursued.  There are a number of other disturbing signs that President Izetbegovic is moving in this direction. However, the immediate concern we should all have is the continued presence of Iranian Revolutionary Guards.  In the last several days, administration officials seem to have abandoned the linkage drawn by the Secretary on January 23 between full compliance and economic and military aid. They are now asserting that we will only hold up plans to equip and train the Bosnians.  This is a decision which is bound to backfire. Withholding military support and training will only drive the Bosnian Moslems closer to Iran, a nation unfortunately viewed as one of the few reliable partners during the years that the embargo imposed an unfair disadvantage on their government and people.  Moreover, if not a part of a broader strategy, withholding only military support will call American credibility and commitment to the Federation into question. It will be seen as an excuse to reinstate the administration's long standing position opposing lifting the embargo. After all, only when faced with the imminent prospect of a congressional vote to lift the embargo, did the President make the commitment to move forward with a meaningful program to assure the Bosnian Federation receives the assistance necessary to achieve an adequate military balance prior to IFOR's departure.  If we are serious about the presence of foreign troops in Bosnia, and I certainly believe we should be, then we must use all necessary and appropriate diplomatic, economic, and security tools we have available to press for full compliance.  I believe the amendment Senator Dole and I have offered sends a clear signal that the Congress expects full compliance with the Dayton accords if we are to move forward with this $200 million supplemental.  I think it is worth noting that none of the funds we have designated for emergency humanitarian programs would be affected by this amendment. In fact, $339 million provided in the fiscal year 1996 foreign operations appropriations bill for a variety of activities and programs would still be available.  We are simply withholding a portion of our total commitment to assure compliance with a provision of the Dayton accord which has an immediate impact on the well being of our troops and a long-term affect on the viability of the Federation and peace.  The second amendment Senator Dole sent to the desk earlier today on behalf of myself and him, supports the broad goals and plans the President outlined in his Oval Office address announcing the commitment of U.S. troops. In separating the belligerents and patrolling the cease fire zone, he said the United States would ``help create a secure environment so that the people of Bosnia can return to their homes, vote in free elections, and begin to rebuild their lives.''  While many of us opposed the deployment of our troops, we now hope that they succeed in accomplishing this mission. I think every one of us also supports the President's determination to assure the mission is limited in nature and fulfilled within the year. Above all else, we are committed to protecting the security of our forces.  The amendment before the Senate advances these goals.  First, it requires that the funds in this supplemental may only be made available for projects and activities in Sarajevo and the sector where Americans are assigned. It also establishes that in making funding allocations, priority consideration should be given to projects identified by the Department of the Army on the so-called Task Force Eagle Civil Military Project List.  This list is a catalog of specific activities designating both the location and type of assistance necessary. The task force has identified a wide range of activities including the repair of roads, bridges, and railroads, and rebuilding municipal electricity, water, telecommunications, and sewer systems.  Although costs have not been assessed for each project--which will clearly have an impact on deciding which to pursue--the report makes clear that every project has been deemed urgently needed.  No other agency has been able to produce as comprehensive an assessment of Bosnia's urgent priorities. Since the administration deemed this supplemental an urgent emergency, designating these identified projects as high priorities will expedite the process of obligating funds and hopefully have an immediate, visible, and effective impact. My expectation is that by improving economic conditions in the American sector we will reduce the level of tension and stimulate popular support, which, in turn, should lower the security risks to our soldiers.  I should make one point perfectly clear. This amendment affects only the $200 million provided in this bill. An additional $339 million appropriated in 1995 and 1996 are not subject to these conditions or priorities. We have exempted the early appropriations because much of those funds are for emergency humanitarian activities which we in no way wish to impede or redirect. To date, these short-term, quick impact efforts have been very successful and should be continued.  It is my view that focusing the supplemental resources on the area in which United States troops are assigned and targeting projects that the Army has already identified as ready for funding enhances stability in Bosnia and strengthens the chances of achieving an early exit. While I have opposed setting a specific date for departure, I support the President's objective to complete the mission within a year. The effective administration of our aid contributes to this exit strategy.  There are a few other provisions in the amendment worthy of note. The administration has indicated it intends to deposit $65 million in a Croation-owned bank in Bosnia, convert the money to German marks and extend loans to small- and medium-sized businesses to generate jobs and income. I have made my reluctance to support this idea clear to AID in large part because there are no clear accountability mechanisms to prevent fraud or abuses. Blank checks to foreign banks invite trouble.  To solve this problem, the amendment requires the bank which will be the beneficiary of this substantial deposit to grant GAO access to audit the flow of U.S. funds. I am hopeful this will address congressional concerns about accountability while allowing the administration to test the merits of this approach.  Finally, the amendment offers the administration leverage in discussions with our friends and allies over their contributions to reconstruction. Late last year, the World Bank estimated Bosnian reconstruction would cost approximately $6 billion. The administration testified that half of the necessary funds would come from multilaterallending institutions such as the European Bank and the World Bank. The balance would be derived from bilateral donations, of which we have now pledged $539 million or roughly 20 percent.  So far, the pledging by other nations, especially our European allies has been anemic. I think it is important that they understand that we will not shoulder this burden alone. Thus, the amendment requires the President to certify that the total of bilateral contributions pledged by other donors must match our level of support. Failing that test, we should suspend obligation of supplemental funds. Here again, the emergency humanitarian program will not be affected.  Finally, the amendment makes clear that no funds may be made available to support building or refurbishing of housing in areas where refugees or displaced people are refused the right to return based on ethnicity or political party affiliation. As Senator Dole points out, it makes no sense to use our limited resources to endorse or sanction what amounts to a variation of the repugnant practice of ethnic cleansing.  Mr. President, let me conclude by stating this amendment accomplishes three goals. It improves the operating environment where our troops are assigned thereby enhancing their safety, it targets the aid to support identified, ready-to-go projects improving prospects for success, and the combination of fulfilling those two goals contributes to achieving the third and most important--the timely withdrawal of U.S. troops.  I urge my colleagues to support these amendments.  I hope both of these amendments will be approved when they are actually submitted for a vote to the Senate.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  