 President, the issue of abortion and the sanctity of life are matters of conscience for me. My views are well known, and deeply held, although I am not an individual known to wear my heart on my sleeve, as the saying goes. However, the vote we will soon take--on overriding the President's veto of the partial-birth abortion ban--presents a very compelling case for restricting a particular kind of abortion that offends our sensibilities as a civilized society.  I won't dwell on the kind of procedure it is. There are others who have described it in its horrific detail. I won't repeat it, but it is important that it be said. So, I commend Senator Smith, as well as Senator Santorum and Senator Nickles for their leadership in shining the bright light of public debate on the partial-birth abortion issue.  But I would like to speak briefly to explain the significance of this issue. In the Senate, we devote a great deal of time, energy and effort to debating and protecting the rights of those who are at the margins of society, the less fortunate, and the powerless. We do this because we are a caring nation of individuals, families and communities. And, we do this because we have a strong history and tradition of giving opportunity to the weakest in the world: the persecuted, the oppressed and the down-trodden. This uniquely American heritage has made us a strong and successful nation. And, it is the hallmark of our civilized society.  Now, we have before us a bill that would give protection to the most fragile and defenseless among us--the almost-born. What could be more American, than protecting those who have no voice or power?  Abortion steals human potential and possibility, the very definition of what America has meant to so many. On the eve of birth, this theft of the potential and possibility of life seems particularly cruel, inhumane, and even barbaric. It is the antithesis of what this Nation represents and what it stands for.  This is, no doubt, a matter of conscience for each Member of the Senate. But as we look into the depths of our souls, we should understand that unless we speak up on their behalf, those yet-to-be born, and all of the possibilities they represent, will be deprived--in a most inhumane way--of the basic right to begin life.  How many have come to this land, from every corner of the Earth, to begin their lives? Should we not now afford that same opportunity to the almost-born?  I will vote to override the President's veto, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.  