 We just last year imposed a prohibition on dealing with SLORC. So this would, in effect, weaken existing law.  I wanted to make sure my friend from Oklahoma knew that. Existing law says no U.S. cooperation with SLORC on the drug issue, frankly because we don't trust them. So the Cohen amendment would actually weaken existing law in terms of the U.S. relationship with SLORC. I just wanted to make that clear.  Let me make a few observations about the argument that the approach we are recommending is inevitably going to be unilateral in nature and nobody will follow us.  Already there is action in the European Parliament. Let me point out to my colleagues what action has been taken this month in the European Parliament.  First, the European Parliament has condemned torture, arrests, detentions, and human rights abuses perpetrated by SLORC. Obviously, that is an easy thing to do.  It supports the suspension of concessional lending to SLORC, a little tougher step.  Third, the European Parliament has called upon members to suspend GSP for exports to Burma because of forced labor conditions.  And fourth, Mr. President, and most important, the European Union has called upon its members to suspend trade and investment with Burma.  The July 1996 European Union resolution restricts visas to SLORC officials and their families, something that is in the underlying bill and I hope we adopt.  The resolution restricts the movement of SLORC diplomatic personnel, suspends all high-level visits, demands full investigation and accountability for the death in custody of Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Switzerland's consul, Leo Nichols. Let me talk about Leo Nichols. Leo Nichols was Aung San Suu Kyi's best friend. He was the European consul who represented a number of European countries in Burma as a sort of local consulate official.  Leo Nichols was arrested a few months ago for the crime of possessing a fax machine, Mr. President. In Burma, if you are on the wrong side of this issue, you can be arrested for such things as possessing a fax machine. So Leo Nichols was arrested for possessing a fax machine and turned up dead. They had a hard time getting the body. He was denied medication.  All of a sudden, Europe discovered Burma, because a European citizen got treated the same way the Burmese citizens are treated on a daily basis--on a daily basis. All of a sudden, a European citizen got treated that way, and Europeans have all of a sudden gotten more interested in this issue.  So I raise this point to suggest that if America has the courage to take this step unilaterally, we will not be alone for very long. As a matter of fact, the rest of the world is getting interested in this issue. Secretary Christopher called me from Indonesia the day before yesterday to talk about this issue. Obviously, he supports the amendment of the Senator from Maine, and that is certainly OK.  