 President, a couple of observations, and then I am going to yield 10 minutes to the distinguished Senator from Washington.  I have listened with interest over the years to the debate in this debate about the suggestions of the money chase and dividing up the amount of money one might raise in a campaign by every week of service. My good friend from Tennessee, for example, suggested that he would have to raise $15,000 a week throughout his entire term to be competitive in Tennessee.  I think it is important to remind everyone of the statistics which are irrefutable. Eighty percent of the money raised in a Senate reelection cycle was raised in the last 2 years. Senators are not out raising money every week through a 6-year term. In fact, in the last cycle 80 percent of the money raised by Senators was raised in the last 2 years.  So I am unaware of anybody here in the Senate that is working on fundraising week in and week out through the course of the 6-year term.  Second, let me just say again that I always find it somewhat amusing the extent to which the revelation that little is spent on campaigns relative to consumer items like yogurt tends to exercise the proponents of this bill almost to distraction. But, of course, it is absolutely appropriate when it is said too much is spent on campaigns. You would have to ask the question: Compared to what? Compared to what? For that observation to mean anything it has to be compared to something.  In 1994, in House and Senate races, about $3.74 per eligible voter was spent. We spent about on politics in the last cycle what consumers spent on bubble gum. Roughly $600 million was spent on bubble gum. In 1996, Americans will spend $174 billion on commercial advertising.  So it is appropriate when dealing with the basic premise underlying this measure that too much is being spent to ask the question about the premise: How much is too much? My view is that $3.74 per voter is pretty hard to argue is too much to spend communicating with the electorate.  Mr. President, my good friend from Washington has been quite patient, in the Chamber for some time now, and I will be glad to yield to him 10 minutes.  