 President, I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of this amendment that will get a grip on the serious problem of interstate waste. I am also pleased to be working again with Senator Coats on an issue that affects both our States--the unchecked flow of interstate waste.  As you and many of my colleagues are aware, out-of-State waste creates problems for States that are unable to control the amount of trash that is sent across the border for disposal. This imported waste takes up landfill space, which complicates State and local waste planning and requires States to devote valuable resources to the problem other States have neglected. Scarce landfill space in Kentucky should be allocated for Kentuckians, not trash from hundreds of miles away.  During my tenure in this Senate, I have committed myself to resolving this issue and ensuring that Kentucky doesn't become a dumping ground to out-of-State waste. In 1990, and every year since, I have introduced legislation or worked with Senator Coats in crafting language that has ultimately led to the compromise legislation that came so close to passing last year.  In 1990, I introduced S. 2691, a bill to give States the ability to fight long-haul dumping by charging higher fees for disposal of waste coming from other States. This bill passed the Senate with 68 votes.  During the 102d Congress, I introduced S. 197 to once again provide States the authority to impose a fee differential for out-of-State waste. In 1992, Senator Coats and I joined forces and produced comprehensive legislation to provide States the authority to regulate waste. That same year, the Senate passed an interstate waste bill by an overwhelming vote of 88 to 2. Unfortunately, the bill died in the House.  During the 103d Congress, I joined with Senators Coats and Boren in introducing S. 439. Although the Senate didn't act until late in the session, Congress came extremely close to passing an interstate waste bill. Again, the House stalled long enough to effectively kill the bill on the last day of the session.  Last year, the Senate passed a waste bill, S. 543 which passed 94 to 6. This legislation is a fair proposal that gives communities control of not only their own waste streams, but the flow of trash from other States, it will protectimporting States like Kentucky and Indiana from becoming garbage colonies for States who aren't willing to deal with their own waste problems.  Mr. President, this issue has recently come to the forefront of national news with the announcement of the closure of Fresh Kills landfill in New York. This 3,000-acre monstrosity located on Staten Island receives 26 million pounds of garbage daily. The 48-year-old landfill, known as the world's largest garbage dump, is so enormous that it can actually be seen by orbiting astronauts.  Closure of this facility will necessitate an astounding outflow of garbage from New York City that will be absorbed by States as far away as Kentucky. I, for one, refuse to stand by and allow Kentucky to become a garbage colony.  Unfortunately, the House has absolutely stalled on this issue. Hopefully, with the inclusion of the Coats amendment, interstate waste problems will finally be addressed during a conference with the House of Representatives.  