 President, today along with my colleague Senator Leahy, we are introducing legislation that will permit the Secretary of Agriculture authority to transfer funds to the WIC Farmers' Market Nutrition Program.  The WIC Farmers' Market Nutrition Program [FMNP] has become a very successful program in assisting low-income families, farmers, and local economies.  A total of 28 States and three Indian tribal organizations now participate in the FMNP. Because of the limitation on funding, several States, including Kentucky, have been restricted in the size of the program that they can offer. Several States would like the opportunity to expand this program based on their experience and feedback from farmers that participate.  For a State to have a FMNP requires the filing of an application in the fall with USDA, a commitment that the State will match 30 percent of the total Federal funds with either cash or in-kind services and support.  The benefits of FMNP are significant. WIC participants enhance the nutrition in their diet from of fresh fruits and vegetables. In fiscal year 1995 the FMNP served nearly 1 million low-income mothers and children participating in the WIC program. As a result of the FMNP: 71 percent of the WIC participants ate more fresh fruits and vegetables; 40 percent tried fruits and vegetables they had never eaten before; 48 percent spent cash and/or food stamps in addition to their FNMP coupons; 66 percent plan to continue shopping at farmers markets and; 72 percent plan to eat more fresh fruits and vegetables year round.  Farmers' incomes will increase because of the new market for their products. A survey of participants in 1995 revealed that: 84 percent of farmers increased their sales; 23 percent increased their fruit and vegetable production; 36 percent grew additional types of fruits and vegetables and; 37 percent said they would increase their production in 1996.  The Kentucky Farm Bureau has initiated a new program to boost sales of Kentucky farm products involving 25 roadside farm markets. Studies confirm that consumers prefer to buy locally-grown produce.  This is another example of organizations and State agencies working together to provide a service to consumers, it introduces fresh fruit and vegetables that are locally grown, and it enhances farmer income.  Mr. President, this is a good bill that benefits everyone and I hope we are able to pass this important legislation before we adjourn.  