 President, I congratulate Senator Lugar, our conference chairman, and his staff, Senator Leahy and his staff, Chairman Roberts and his staff, and Congressman de la Garza and his staff for helping us get to this important day for American agriculture.  Policymaking decisions in agriculture have never been simple or easy. Chairman Lugar and the ranking Democrat, Senator Leahy, chartered a course that led them toward a bipartisan bill. Farmers and ranchers across the country are now awaiting the passage of this important legislation.  For the first time in 60 years, we have a commonsense approach that will release farmers from the bureaucratic controls of USDA. Under this approach, farmers will no longer be told what to plant, where to plant, or how much to grow. Uncertain deficiency payments tied to market prices are eliminated and replaced with preset and market transition payments that farmers can count on with confidence.  This legislation, formerly titled the Agricultural Market Transition Act, has been renamed the Federal Agricultural Improvement and Reform [FAIR] Act of 1996. This legislation not only reforms commodity programs but also includes rural development, conservation, credit, research, trade, and nutrition.  Highlights of the bill include:  Eliminates the requirement to purchase crop insurance to participate in commodity programs.  Establishes an Environmental Quality Incentives Program.  Export and promotion programs are reauthorized and refocused to maximize impact in a post-NAFTA/GATT environment.  Maintains the Conservation Reserve Program.  Reauthorizes nutrition programs.  Reauthorizes Federal agricultural research programs.  Provides for dairy reform. Eliminates the budget assessment on dairy producers, phases down the support price on butter, powder, and cheese over 4 years. Consolidates marketing years.  Provides funding for Florida Everglades restoration.  Establishes fund for rural America to be used for rural development and research.  Retains the 1949 Agricultural Act as permanent law.  Streamlines and consolidates rural development programs to provide a more focused Federal effort while encouraging decisionmaking at the State level.  When we began the process of formulating an agricultural policy about 14 months ago, the message I got was that farmers wanted less Government, less redtape, and less paperwork. They said we need planting flexibility and less regulation--to put it more simply let farmers be farmers.   Mr. President, many commodity programs and provisions in the 1990 farm bill expired on December 31, 1995. It is now late March. Spring planting is already underway in many Southern States, and it is imperative that producers know the requirements of the commodity programs. The farmers in this country already have their schedules altered by Mother Nature--they shouldn't have to wait for Congress too.  Producers who raise wheat and feed grains and other commodities want to know what kind of program will be in operation before they make their planting decisions and seek money for their operating loans. Program announcements are usually made in early- to mid-February, and farmers usually begin to sign up for the programs at the beginning of March.  Farmers in my State and across the country can wait no longer. We need a new farm program in place--quickly. It is time to pass responsible legislation that provides the agriculture sector with policy for the next several years.  There are many other provisions that deserve to be highlighted, however I wanted to mention a few that I took an active role in trying to resolve. I support this package and believe it provides a safety net and the opportunity for the agriculture sector to meet the challenges that lie ahead.  First, I am grateful that language concerning the regulation of commercial transportation of equine to slaughter is included. Under this provision the Secretary of Agriculture is provided authority to develop sound regulations that will protect the well-being of equine that are commercially transported to slaughter. Often these horses are transported for long periods, in overcrowded conditions and often in vehicles that have inadequate head room. Some of these horses are in poor physical condition or have serious injuries. These regulations would allow horses to get to a slaughter facility safely and as quickly as possible with the least amount of stress to the animal. I want to make it very clear this provision does not authorize the Secretary to regulate the transportation of horses other than to slaughter or the transportation of livestock or poultry to slaughter or elsewhere.  Second, I also want to thank Senator Cochran for his assistance in confronting what may be the most serious health crisis facing the U.S. equine population. I'm referring to the Department of Agriculture's recent decision to grant a waiver allowing the importation of horses infected with equine piroplasmosis, also known as EP, so that they may compete in the Olympic games to be held in Atlanta this year. With help from Senator Cochran we have strong report language stating that the 20-point plan that has been agreed upon by the European Union, the Georgia Department of Agriculture, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture must not be relaxed and the conditions must be followed and administratively enforced.  Third, dairy policy has always been a contentious issue and it was no different during this farm bill. One provision I felt must be included was the continuation of the Fluid Milk Promotion Program. Building a stronger demand for milk is essential to the entire dairy industry. Fluid milk sales account for about 35 percent of the total amount of milk produced, which means changes in this category are significant. I believe continuation of this processor-funded program is a very good way to attack misperceptions and to keep people drinking milk. We need to continue to increase people's understanding of the benefits and importance of milk and continue to show consumers new ways to keep milk in their diets.  Fourth, conservation concerns in Kentucky have centered around how to help farmers improve water quality. A new program--the Environmental Quality Incentive Program [EQIP] will target over $1 billion for 7 years to assist crop and livestock producers with environmental and conservation improvements on their farms. I believethis program will be very beneficial to the farmers in Kentucky in providing cost-share and technical assistance in improving water quality.  Another issue I heard loud and clear from my Kentucky farmers dealt with the mandatory purchase of catastrophic crop insurance [CAT]. I made this one of my top priorities, and I am happy to report that my fellow conferees also heard similar comments from their farmers. The conference agreement eliminates mandatory catastrophic crop insurance, but requires producers waive all Federal disaster assistance if they opt not to purchase CAT insurance. This means that tobacco farmers and grain producers don't have to purchase CAT crop insurance to participate in a commodity program or to get their marketing card. Eligibility to purchase crop insurance is no longer linked to conservation compliance and swampbuster for producers who choose not to participate in farm programs.   Mr. President, today's 2 million farmers and the 19 million workers employed in our food and agriculture system generate over 16 percent of our Nation's income. We must keep the farmer, the rancher, the food, and the agriculture sector healthy and growing. It is time to give our Nation's farmers and ranchers some answers and to pass this conference report today.  Again, I thank our committee chairman, ranking member, and staff for their dedication and hard work.  