 President, this is a historic day. For more than a decade we have tried to pass product liability reform. In every Congress, until this Congress, the opponents of reform have mounted successful filibusters. But this year we broke through the filibuster, and the Senate passed a modest bill. Now, the conference report is before us, and we must again break a filibuster.  The American people are frustrated with the legal system. Cases take too long to resolve and too many injured don't get fairly compensated, while a few win the lawsuit lottery.  Litigation drains billions from our economy, adding a tort tax to goods and services. For example, the average price of an 8-foot ladder is $119.33, but the actual cost is less than $95.00, with the litigation tax responsible for a 25-percent increase in the cost. Lawsuits drive the price of a heart pacemaker up 20 percent, from $15,000 to $18,000.  If we don't fix the problems of our legal system, consumers will have fewer choices and American companies will have a smaller share of the global market.  This bill is a significant, although imperfect, step in the right direction. But before I mention what the bill does, let me explain what the bill doesn't do. The opponents have scared many into believing that this bill cuts off the right to sue for injuries. But it doesn't. Those who are injured by defective products will be able to sue and recover all of their losses--their lost wages, all medical bills, any costs for home assistance, and even so-called pain and suffering damages.  This bill does not close the courthouse door to any injured party. So, there will be no horror stories as predicted by the opponents, of those injured by cars, household appliances, or workplace machinery shut out of the legal system. It's simply not true.  The bill does contain a modest limitation on punitive damages, which are supposed to punish the responsible party, not be a windfall for the injured party. Punitive damages are limited to the greater of $250,000 or two times compensatory damages. But this bill contains no limitation on economic damages or pain and suffering damages.  The bill also provides some limited protection to those who have nothing to do with the defect in the product, but who sometimes get stuck with the tab in a lawsuit. An injured will be able to recover from those who are responsible for the defects in the products--the manufacturers, and not the sellers who simply put the merchandise on a shelf or in a showroom. And, if the injured party can't find the manufacturer, or if the manufacturer can't be sued, or if a damage award can't be collected from a manufacturer, then a product seller will be responsible. So, injured parties will always be fully compensated for their injuries. The opponents of this bill are only scaring and deceiving consumers when they claim this bill will cutoff the ability of injured persons to recover.  And, this bill make a necessary change in the assessment of pain and suffering damages against multiple defendants. Each defendant will only be responsible for its proportionate share of noneconomic losses. This will, hopefully, discourage suing someone who is only remotely connected to the defective product on the basis of that defendant's deep pockets.  Mr. President, the time for this bill is long overdue. The problems of our legal system--long delays, inefficiency and unpredictability in getting compensation to those injured--are only getting worse. And that means more burdens on productivity and invention in our economy.  I regret that the President has announced his intention to veto this bill, based upon false assumptions about the bill. As I've already said, the bill won't prevent injured from recovering; it won't limit the recovery of damages that compensate victims for their injuries. The President's assertions to the contrary just simply aren't true.  Survey after survey and poll after polls show that the American people are frustrated by our legal system and particularly dissatisfied with the legal profession. Those lawyers who misstate the facts about this bill in an effort to scare the public do their profession a disservice. Not only does this bill protect the injured party's right to compensation, but it would also restore some public confidence in lawyers and the legal system. It is unfortunate there's a failure to understand this fact at the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue.  I urge my colleague to vote for this conference report. Let the American people know that this Congress wants to improve the legal system and protect the injured consumers.  