 President, I thank my friend from Georgia for his leadership and giving us an opportunity to express ourselves on what appears to be the state of the Senate today.  Far be it for me to come over here and argue that it is inappropriate for someone to filibuster, and I will not make that argument. The Senator from Kentucky is familiar with the procedure, has employed it on numerous occasions over the years, to good end, for the Nation.  What I would like to say to my colleagues this morning, Mr. President, is I am not trying to turn the Senate into the House here. I understand the Senate is not the House. We all know from high school civics that in the House of Representatives, if you have a majority, you can run the place. The House of Representatives can be sort of like a triangle, with the Speaker and the chairman of the Rules Committee at the top of the triangle, and with the concurrence of a mere majority the place can be run like a fast train out of the station. The House of Representatives was constructed by the framers of our Constitution to be a place of great passion and quick reaction. That is the way it has always been, and we understand that.  Many people in the House over the years have referred to the Senate as ``the House of Lords,'' with some degree of derision. The Senate was a ponderous place, a place in which things were contemplated for quite some time. And, boy, that is the way it has worked for 200 years, and, in fact, that was the way it was designed. Frequently, we heard the Senate described as the saucer underneath the coffee cup where the coffee sloshed down the cup into the saucer and cooled off.  I am here to object to none of that. I am not in favor of changing the rules of the Senate. I am not in favor of diminishing the rights of the minority. But it seems to me what is going on right now in the Senate is different in several measurable ways from what has been experienced in the past. I could be wrong about this, but I cannot remember in any of the years I have been here in the minority that we tried to stop appropriations bills. It is one thing to attempt to stop, to pull together 41 people to try to do what you think is best for America by stopping a bad piece of legislation.  We saved the country from ``Clintoncare,'' the Nation's most aggressive effort to take over all of health care by the Federal Government through the use of the filibuster. I make no apologies about that. I am proud of that. We stopped the stimulus package in 1993 through the use of the filibuster, saved 20-odd billion dollars in waste. I make no apologies about that. We stopped an effort by the Government to take over all of the political campaigns and snuff out the voices of Americans and hand the check to the Treasury to support political campaigns. I make no apologies for that.  However, never in the years I was here in the minority did we try to stop appropriations bills, the essential element of operating the Government.  It seems to me that is what is going on here; an orchestrated effort on thepart of our friends on the other side of the aisle, maybe in conjunction and concurrence with the administration, to simply create a situation where the Government must come to a standstill, and to try to do it subtly, somehow to try to get it done in a way that everybody does not figure out what is going on.  By any standard that is a new low. That is not trying to stop an issue on the merits because you think it is bad for America. That is saying we will not engage in the elementary, basic function of Government for which the Congress remains responsible, and that is discretionary spending. We cannot control interest on the national debt; we cannot control, at least on an annual basis, the entitlements; but the one thing we do do around here every year, at a bare minimum, is the 13 appropriations bills, the fundamental function of Government.  So let me cite an example. I am chairman of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee. It is not a huge amount of money in the grand scheme of things around here, but this year we will be appropriating about $12 billion to pursue America's interests around the world through the use of means other than sending in the troops; another tool for the No. 1 country in the world to pursue its interests around the world without the deployment of troops.  Last year we had nine different votes on the foreign operations appropriations bill in the House and the Senate on the issue of population control, admittedly a very divisive issue upon which Members of this body and the other body are divided, on a bipartisan basis. But finally, after 5 months of ping-ponging this bill back and forth from the House to the Senate, trying to work out some kind of compromise on the population control issue that would bring the President's signature, we were able to do that. The President signed the bill. He signed the bill.  This year I would say, Mr. President, in an effort to secure a signature on the foreign operations bill, the House of Representatives inserted into their version of the foreign operations bill exactly the language that the President signed in February--exactly. It was an effort to reach out to the administration and say, ``Let's not have a fight over this issue this year. It was a difficult compromise to achieve last year, so we will just put in exactly the language you signed in February--now.''  ``Oh, but that is not good enough. What was good enough in February is not good enough now. We will not sign it again. The standard somehow has evolved from February until now.''  What is going on here, Mr. President? There is no other conceivable explanation for that, than that the President would like to veto this appropriations bill. We have not sent it down to him yet. Hope springs eternal. Maybe that will not happen. But it is very difficult to deal with an administration that will not stay stuck to any position. These people can change positions in the middle of a sentence, and do--frequently. Why? They are looking for a reason to stop the Government.  Mr. President, that is what is going on here. I do not know whether there is sort of daily coordination between the White House and our friends on the other side of the aisle or not, but the effort here is to do the country harm--harm, by creating a crisis that does not exist. Because we are not arguing, here, in many of these instances, over freestanding policy matters. Although we are having a dispute here on the minimum wage and the health care bill, I want to say to the distinguished occupant of the chair, as someone who has filibustered appointment of conferees in the past myself, I think it was entirely appropriate for the assistant majority leader to take the position that what is good for the goose is good for the gander. If we are going to object to going to conference on health care, then why not object to going to conference on the minimum wage and small business tax bill? I think that linkage is appropriate. I think it makes sense. It seems to me it might bring about a condition where we can pass two bills that at this point clearly ought to pass the Senate and the House.  But what I fear we are going to see here in the next few months, not only on that side of the aisle but also downtown, is an effort to create reasons to not engage in the basic function of Government, which is to pass these annual appropriations bills. I think it is important for the American people to understand what is going on here; basic functions of Government, not big ideological disputes about the future of the country, but the fundamental activity of the Congress.  Hopefully, this will not continue much longer. I commend the majority leader, who is not on the floor at the moment, but I want to commend the majority leader for finally going on and talking about it in public. We have been sort of sensing what has been going on around here. Everybody has been sort of exasperated about it. You kind of hate to admit publicly this body has declined to that level, but it is time to talk about it and I commend him for doing that. Hopefully our public discussion of this will bring about a more cooperative framework for advancing the business of the U.S. Senate.  With that I yield the floor.  