 President, congressional term limits are the most toxic of the seemingly magical elixirs called reform. Alluring in their simplicity. Enticing in their popularity. Term limits are the blunt ax of political reforms.  Conveniently, the term limits would not kick in until most current Senators, under recent rates of attrition, were long gone from this Chamber. Prospective term limits such as are before us today have a buy now, pay later appeal as nearly two decades would elapse between their passage, ratification, and the moment at which they began to clear the decks in Washington.  If term limits are the medicine for what ails the Nation, it is ludicrous to wait so long for their curative powers. Retroactive limits would be in order.  Dissenting from the majority in my party is not something I relish. While I have often observed, with some irritation, that in the eyes of the media it seems the only thoughtful Republican is a dissenting Republican, it is not a role I seek. My colleagues, with whom I disagree on this issue, arrived at their positions for a host of reasons. It is not my place or privilege, nor would I presume, to cast aspersion on motives. But I must disagree as strongly and forcefully as decorum, and facility with the English language, will allow.  Never more than in this instance, am I conscious of Edmund Burke's eloquent assertion that: ``Your representative owes you, not his industry only, but his judgment; and he betrays instead of serving you if he sacrifices it to your opinion.'' All of us exercise this wisdom, though rarely all in the same way, at the same time or on the same issue. Sometimes our judgment and popular opinion converge. Sometimes not. And we answer to the voters, in any event. On this issue, the polls and my judgment are at variance.  Mr. President, in a bit of an aside but touching on the climate of cynicism in which term limit polls are conducted, I would like to draw attention to an article David Shaw wrote in the Los Angeles Times on April 17 entitled ``A Negative Spin on the News.'' The subtitle is: ``Many journalists are worried that cynicism is poisoning their profession. Displaying such an attitude may erode respect for their craft and also harm confidence in public institutions.'' A telling passage from the article:       The most scathing--and most widely publicized--indictment      of the news media by the news media has come from James      Fallows, Washington editor of the Atlantic Monthly, in his      book ``Breaking the News.''       ``Step by step,'' he writes, ``mainstream journalism has      fallen into the habit of portraying public life in America as      a race to the bottom, in which one group of conniving,      insincere politicians ceaselessly tries to outmaneuver      another.''       The journalistic implication--and often it's more than an      implication--that all politicians are liars and hypocrites      who invariably act out of self-interest and self-     aggrandizement rather than out of a commitment to the public      good, has created a self-fulfilling phenomenon.       As Fallows puts it: ``By choosing to present public life as      a contest between scheming political leaders, all of whom the      public should view with suspicion, the news media brings      about that very result.''  Mr. President, political reform debates, especially term limits and campaign finance, should carry an advisory--``Warning: profoundly disturbing to impressionable Americans who thought democracy was a good thing.'' Term limits and campaign finance reform proponents wrongly assume democracy as we have known it for 200 years, has failed. They may characterize their proposals as fine-tuning democracy but I and others see it as far more serious than that. Quite simply, we have gone with such proposals from Let Freedom Ring to Rein Freedom In--in the name of reform.  For the past few years, there has been a furious race to embrace the disaffected, disgusted and dissatisfied. Thoroughly probed by prolific pollsters, the prognosis is in: people hate politicians, so go with it. Pander or perish. This destructive phenomenon is not the exclusive province of any party. The essential point is that having for so long been a convenient receptacle for hateful bile from within and out, it should surprise no one that all who serve in Congress are sullied. We are reaping what we have sown, with ample assistance from a cynical media.  Having examined the climate of cynicism which breeds demand for term limits, I turn now to the merits of the proposal before us. What term limits would do is restrict the freedom of voters to elect whomever they please. Like them or not, term limits undeniably, fundamentally restrict freedom. A Senator in the 21st century may be Daniel Webster reincarnate, but under two terms-and-out limits, merit, performance and voter sentiment matter not after the first term.  Under term limits, merit, performance and voter sentiment hold no sway in the second term except to the extent Members are guided by their own morals and sense of place in history. That is sufficient restraint for most Members now, and probably even in a term limited future. But this lack of accountability under term limits should greatly trouble people who believe that power breeds corruption.  The dominant theme of the term limit movement is populist--that term limits will wrest the system away from the career politicians and return power to the people. Yet one of the most prominent term limit advocates, conservative columnist George Will, supports term limits because they would establish a constitutional distance between people and politicians. Just this last Sunday, in the Washington Post, Will wrote that ``. . . term limits would make Congress less subservient to public opinion. . .''  There is a news flash: the revolutionary motive behind term limits is to insulate Congress from popular accountability at the ballot box. Remove all concerns about reelection, the theory goes, and Congress will do the right thing. The presumption is that the right thing must be contrary to the will of the people. This confirms how anti-populist and undemocratic term limits really are.  That is why last year I introduced a bill to repeal the 22d amendment limiting Presidents to two terms. In 1947, with great haste a Republican majority--fresh from political exile--rammed through the 22d amendment imposing presidential term limits. Fifty years ago, the zeal was in response to the unprecedented tenure of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Not one Republican in the House or Senate voted against that proposal. Ironically, the only Presidents since limited by it have been Dwight D. Eisenhower and Ronald Reagan.  We were very fortunate that those two-term Presidents were such honorable men. But we should consider a bleak alternative. The prospect of a second term of a scoundrel, unconcerned with reelection to a third term, is very disturbing. With the prospect of another election, even the most scurrilous are more likely to at least pretend to be thoughtful, honest, and responsive to the concerns of voters. In my view, the 22d amendment was a mistake that should be repealed, not compounded with congressional limits.  Alexander Hamilton was succinct in Federalist Paper No. 72--which presented the case against Presidential term limits:       There is an excess of refinement in the idea of disabling      the people to continue in office men who had entitled      themselves, in their opinion, to approbation and confidence,      the advantages of which are at best speculative and      equivocal, and are overbalanced by disadvantages far more      certain and decisive.  Term limits make elected representatives less accountable to voters and public service less appealing to middle class citizens. Thus, would term limits engender a new elitism and create ethical quagmires. People of moderate means, with family responsibilities and promising private careers, would pass on a congressional career certain to be cut short. Only the rich could afford such a brief dilettante fling with politics. And on the other hand, those who did interrupt private pursuits for a term-limited stint in Congress would feel pressed to keep an eye on post-congressional employment--a conflict rife with ethical potholes and considered by Alexander Hamilton two centuries ago when he observed that the prospect of reelection would promote better representation than would term limits. Hamilton said, ``when a man knows he must quit his station, let his merit be what it may, he will turn his attention chiefly to his own emolument.''  Term limits would transform Congress into an exclusive haven for the independently wealthy, the comfortably retired, and those who see public service as nothing more than a profitable resume-builder.  I put this forth in jest, but if the goal is to make Congress older and richer, we should just raise the minimum age requirements set in the Constitution. Two hundred years ago, when the limits were set at 25 for the House and 30 for the Senate, the average life expectancy was 34. Perhaps age requirements should be doubled--just as life expectancy has--and made retroactive. An argument could be made that the problem is not that members serve too long but that they arrive too young.  Congressional term limits would make Government overall less accountable by vesting far more power in unelected and un-term limited staff, bureaucrats, the judiciary and lobbyists, rather than in the people's elected representatives. This is self-evident and surely is not a desirable effect in the minds of most Americans. As a former staffer I do not say this to denigrate staff, but it has been my experience that courage is not a staff-driven quality. Staff--in their desire to serve and protect their boss--is far more likely to opt to trim the political sails, so to speak. This is conjecture on my part but certainly warrants serious consideration when increasing staff influence is contemplated.  As a Senator from Kentucky, I am very concerned about the power shift from small and medium-sized States to more populous States, resulting from the diminution of seniority under term limits. Since the power of small States is greatly amplified by the Senate's seniority system, they stand to lose the most when the sheer size of a State's House delegation becomes the principal congressional power gauge. David Broder explored this side effect in the Washington Post (12/6/95):       Large-state delegations are not nearly as subject to the      caprice of resignation or political defeat. Their leverage      lies in their numbers, and they would not be nearly as      disadvantaged should term limits be imposed someday. Indeed,      there is good reason to speculate that, in the constant      bargaining for leadership positions that would probably take      place in a term-limited Congress, the mega states like      California and Texas would use their numbers to grab off the      best spots for themselves and install their allies in the      rest.       You can make a selfish argument for term limits if you come      from one of the mega states. But there is every reason for      small-and medium-sized states to oppose that change in the      Constitution.  Mr. President, term limits are premised on an illusion of rampant careerism. The fact is, voters already are limiting tenure--selectively. And many members have bowed out voluntarily. Over half of the House of Representatives arrived since 1990 and over half of the Senate was elected since 1984. The right to vote is the right to limit tenure. Much ado is made over the high reelection rates of those incumbents who choose to run for reelection. However, this ignores the self-selection element inherent in those rates. Some members--it can only be speculated which ones--choose to retire rather than risk defeat. Particularly, those wounded byscandal. Moreover, incumbents--but for the few who were first appointed to office--were first elected as challengers or in open seats. It stands to reason that the qualities which made them admirable in their first election would often propel them to victory in subsequent elections.  And what of competition, post-term limits? It is persuasively argued that competition would actually decrease because able candidates would bide their time until a seat opened up rather than risk an uphill fight against an incumbent. This is a phenomenon we see on occasion in the current system. I expect the frequency would increase dramatically under term limits.  People should not be denied the right to vote for someone simply because of an arbitrary term limit. As Robert Livingston noted two centuries ago: ``The people are the best judges who ought to represent them. To dictate and control them, to tell them whom they shall not elect, is to abridge their natural rights.''  Yet at its root, term limits conclude that people are capable of only limited self-governance. I wonder, do people in these polls that are cited fault themselves in their support of term limits or are they passing judgment on the irresponsibility of other electorates, in states and districts other than their own? It has been argued by term limit proponents that voters' inability to vote against candidates in other states and districts cries out for arbitrary term limits. Evidently, voters in other states and districts are not trustworthy. Take that premise and run with it.  Perhaps Americans should be able to vote in every election everywhere because lawmakers at all levels of Government can increasingly affect people outside the scope of their own electorate. That is a reform that surely, and correctly, would be rejected. In any event, citizens in one State can affect election outcomes in another by participating in politics through campaign contributions. That is a laudable, legal and constitutional manner in which to hold accountable lawmakers one cannot legally vote against.  In hindsight, among the most interesting observations made by term limit supporters two hundred years ago was that they were necessary because the Federal City would be an Eden from which Members and their families could not bear to part.  The reality hardly needs elaborating. At best, Washington, DC--with its crime, potholes, filth, and corruption--has become a sort of purgatory from which most of us can hardly wait to flee and go home to our States.  Where is the logic in the absurd notion that Government is the only arena in which experience is a bad thing? Experience is desirable in every other venue--professional and otherwise--that I am aware of. Experience certainly did not impair Henry Clay, John Sherman Cooper, Howard Baker, Everett Dirksen, Sam Rayburn, Arthur Vandenburg, and Sam Ervin's commitment to serve the national interest. To name just a few.  There are many in this Senate today who have served far more than two terms whose service has been nothing short of heroic. Experience has made them better and braver. It steels them against many shortsighted proposals. But I will not name names because in this environment to highlight a Member's lengthy service on national television could be construed as a rule 19 transgression. In a term limited future, we would see fewer of their caliber.  God willing, the Senate will never again be confronted with a war resolution. But if it is in, say, another generation, I hope there are some Members who experienced the Persian Gulf war debate. And who had to cast that vote. It was a debate which itself benefited from the presence of Members who served in the Vietnam-era Senate.  Senators, no matter how bright, educated, eager, or accomplished, do not know anywhere near all they need to when they arrive here. Parliamentary procedure is mastered with experience. Defense, commerce, finance, environment, energy, and agriculture issues take time to learn. Does any nonincumbent candidate even know upon which committees they will serve?  Term limits, however well-intentioned, are terribly dangerous. We would do the American people no favor in passing this constitutional amendment and would cause great harm in the future. Constitutional amendments such as this one are forever. Only one--the 18th instituting prohibition--has ever been repealed. And we cannot presume to ever be missed so much as Americans missed their bourbon.  