Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4085, the Veterans' Compensation Cost of Living Adjustment Act of 2002, will provide a cost of living adjustment to disabled veterans and surviving spouses. The amount of the increase will be calculated using the same percentage applicable to Social Security benefits. The percentage amount should be announced later on this week and will be around 1.5 to 2 percent. Upon enactment of this vital legislation, all veterans or qualified survivors of veterans who receive disability compensation payments will receive the COLA effective December 1 of this year.  Mr. Speaker, the House originally passed this COLA legislation back in May with a number of other very important provisions. On September 26, however, the Senate struck out those other provisions and sent us back the bill that is before us today. While I am urging my colleagues to support H.R. 4085, as amended, I want to assure them that we are continuing to work with our colleagues in the other body to reach agreement on these other vital provisions.  Specifically, those provisions would:  Authorize dependency and indemnity compensation benefits for the surviving spouse of a veteran who remarries after attaining the age of 65. These surviving spouses would also be eligible for supplemental VA-sponsored health coverage, education, and housing loan benefits to the same extent as if they had not remarried.  We also saw a provision stripped out that we again will seek to find another home that reduced the home loan fee charges qualifying members of the Selected Reserve to the same level charged active-duty veterans.  We also had a provision dealing with increased veterans' mortgage life insurance coverage from $90,000 to $150,000; and authorized veterans over the age of 70 to continue coverage under the veterans' mortgage life insurance.  The House bill, Mr. Speaker, also contained a provision to authorize funding for State-approving agencies, the entities that are responsible for certifying schools' eligibility for participation in the Montgomery GI Bill for the next 3 years. Because of the urgency of continuing their funding, following consideration of H.R. 4085, we will shortly take up legislation that provides a 1-year authorization.  Mr. Speaker, as this session draws to a close, I am hopeful that we will see action completed on these and a number of important veterans measures that the House has passed, but that have not been acted on by the other body. Among the House bills still pending in the other body are:  Number one, H.R. 3253, the Department of Veterans Affairs Emergency Preparedness Act of 2002, which would expand the Department of VA's role in homeland security, creating new research centers to counter biological, chemical, and radiological terrorism. H.R. 3253 originally passed the House on May 20 and was subsequently amended and approved by the Senate on August 1. After intensive negotiations with our colleagues in the Senate, a compromise agreement was reached by both sides, and the House agreed to the compromise version on September 17. We are now awaiting action by the Senate on this legislation.  Number two, H.R. 3645, the Veterans Health Care and Procurement Improvement Act of 2002 passed the House on July 22, which would reform VA health care procurement practices, expand access to VA health care services to Filipino veterans, World War II veterans, and provide additional dental services to former POWs.  Number three, H.R. 4015, the Jobs for Veterans Act, passed the House on May 21 and would reform veterans job training and placement programs in the Department of Labor through a new system of incentives and accountability.  Number four, H.R. 3423 would reform eligibility for burial at Arlington National Cemetery and was passed by the House on December 20 of last year. This legislation makes a couple of commonsense changes to recognize that reservists who die in the line of duty or who would qualify for burial but for their age at death, deserve the honor of an Arlington burial should they and their families so choose.  Number five, H.R. 4940, the Arlington National Cemetery Burial Eligibility Act, passed the House on July 22nd. This is the third time that the House has approved a comprehensive review and overhaul of Arlington's rules, and we will continue to work with our colleagues in the other body on this major legislation.  Number six, H.R. 5055, legislation to authorize a memorial marker in Arlington National Cemetery honoringveterans who fought in the Battle of the Bulge. That passed on July 22 as well. We have a preliminary agreement with our Senate colleagues on this and look forward to working with them and taking final action on that before this session closes sine die.  Number seven, H.R. 811, the Veterans Hospital Emergency Repair Act, which passed the House on March 27, 2001, and H.R. 4514, the Veterans Major Medical Facilities Construction Act of 2002, which passed the House on May 21, are both extremely important pieces of legislation designed to protect and preserve the invaluable infrastructure of the Veterans Health Administration. For the past several years, VA's construction programs have been seriously underfunded. It is imperative that we take action, prompt action, to ensure that hospitals, clinics, research centers, and other VA medical centers are properly maintained and modernized when necessary.  Mr. Speaker, there is still much more important work that we hope to accomplish in the waning days of the 107th Congress. There is already much that has been accomplished. Major new laws were enacted to substantially improve the GI Bill, reinvigorate our Nation's efforts to end homelessness among veterans, to better compensate service-connected veterans and their survivors, as well as dramatically increase funding for veterans health care services. This has indeed been a highly-productive year for veterans legislation in the House, and I salute all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their assistance and their cooperation and for working as a team on behalf of our Nation's veterans.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  