Mr. Speaker, as the sponsor of H.R. 3838, I rise to urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation that will amend the Congressional charter of the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW). As Chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, I was pleased to introduce this bill on March 4, 2002, at the request of the VFW to allow Members of the armed forces who have received hostile fire or imminent danger pay to be eligible for VFW membership.  Mr. Speaker, I want to especially commend the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. Sensenbrenner; the Committee's Ranking Member, Mr. Conyers, the Chairman of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and Claims; Mr. Gekas; and the Subcommittee's Ranking Member, Ms. Jackson-Lee, for their attention to this matter in moving the bill through the committee and to the floor for House consideration.  This bipartisan amendment to the VFW charter simply allows the organization to keep up with the times as the nature of our Nation's military operations has changed. The VFW's charter currently requires a veteran to have received a campaign medal in order to join the organization. But the dangerous contingency operations our servicemembers have participated in over the past twenty or so years have not resulted in the award of campaign medals. Servicemenbers doing their duty in global hot spots have faced the type of risks that should qualify them for VFW membership. My bill would remove this barrier to membership in a way that is consistent with the type of military service the VFW has always required.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3838 would also address a technical problem the VFW has occasionally encountered with the language of its charter regarding its purposes as an organization. The VFW has maintained a tax-exempt, nonprofit status, but some states do not want to qualify it as a tax-exempt charitable organization despite its long history of charitable work in communities across America, because its charter does not contain the word ``charitable''. Well, Congress can and should fix this relatively simply problem by inserting the word ``charitable'' as one of its purposes in order to silence anyone who insists on elevating form over substance.  Mr. Speaker, with roots that go back more than a century to the Spanish-American War, the Veterans of Foreign Wars has an admirable history of helping its fellow veterans, their communities and their Nation. This legislation will help to ensure that the VFW continues to perform these services in the 21st century and beyond. H.R. 3838 deserves the support of every House member and I urge its approval.  