Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Madam Speaker, today we bring before the House H. Res. 513, recognizing the historical significance and timeliness of the United States-Ireland Business Summit which took place last week.  This groundbreaking economic forum, strongly supported by the Bush administration, brought together more than 400 key government officials and successful CEOs from the United States, Ireland and Northern Ireland to build upon the strong business relations existing between our nations, and to foster an even greater economic climate that will enable a just and lasting peace to take hold in Northern Ireland.  We know that for so much of its history Ireland's economic progress was tragically inhibited by British economic rule. In fact, it was pure economic conditions in Ireland that prompted millions of Irish to emigrate to the United States. The Irish who came to America helped build the infrastructure of our great Nation; they helped boost our young, industrial economy; and they played historic roles in the growth of our democracy.  Today there are at least 44 million Americans who trace their ancestry to Ireland. Irish Americans have leading roles in government, business and academia. A year ago this week, we again witnessed the strengths and unselfishness of many Irish American heroes who gave their lives as New York's firemen and policemen at the World Trade Center on September 11.  The U.S.-Irish Business Summit, convened last week here in Washington, marked a new chapter in our Nation's great friendship with the people of Ireland, both north and south. The 3-day forum promoted new venues for shared prosperity and new business partnerships especially in the areas of financial services, communications fields and biotech.  Next to human rights, economic progress in Ireland, especially in the north, is crucial to a just and sustainable peace. We know when prosperity abounds, strife and turmoil are often quelled. Increased economic investment in Northern Ireland is especially important now that we have worked to cement the peace and usher in the new human rights protections envisioned by the Good Friday Agreement. Despite strong support from the governments in the region, the U.S. Government, and most of the people in Northern Ireland itself, much more needs to be done to achieve a full implementation of the Good Friday Agreement.  The United States has known for some time that economic prosperity, so long as it is complemented by real protections in human rights, can be a key to peace. And we have put our money where our mouth is over these many years. Since 1986, the United States has contributed more than $320 million to the International Fund for Ireland, a joint British-Irish government program designed to help create jobs. The Fundhas had a tremendous impact, especially in the north and the border communities where economic development and cross-community cooperation have been needed the most.  The private sector can join and build upon our government's investment in peace in Northern Ireland. I am hopeful that the U.S.-Ireland Business Summit will provide added momentum to the success of the International Fund for Ireland. Added private investment will mean that more people have jobs. It will ensure that more people, regardless of their political or religious affiliation, can have access to job creation and a greater quality of life.  Madam Speaker, I note that the manager's amendment to this resolution contains some minor technical and grammatical changes to reflect that the U.S.-Irish Business Summit occurred last week. I congratulate the gentleman from New York (Mr. Walsh), a prime sponsor of this, for his tremendous leadership in the area not just of the summit, but in Irish affairs in general.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  