Mr. Speaker, I support the Bankruptcy Conference Report. I know there has been deliberation about the effect of section 330 of the bill on anti-abortion protests. But I believe section 330 will have little practical effect. And the rest of this bill will an overwhelmingly positive impact on the bankruptcy system.  Section 330 does not penalize any lawful behavior. It will apply only if a person violates the law, a court enters an award against that person, the person later files a non-chapter 13 bankruptcy and seeks to discharge a debt based on their unlawful activity, and the creditor pursues the matter.  It does not apply only to abortion-related protests, but also to unlawful protests aimed at the providers of any lawful good or service.  The compromise reached in conference on this issue also contains very stringent requirements that should prevent any innocent protesters from being included in these provisions.  Moreover, this bill will curb bankruptcy abuse and protect consumers. It will also address the loophole in current law that allows debtors in certain states with unlimited homestead exemptions to shield an almost unlimited value of their homes from their creditors.  In order to game the system, some debtors move to a state with an unlimited homestead exemption just before they file for bankruptcy in order to take advantage of that state's more generous homestead protections.  H.R. 333 closes this loophole by requiring a debtor to reside in a state for at least two years before that debtor can claim the state's homestead exemption. In addition, a debtor must own the homestead for at least forty months before they can claim the state's homestead exemption protections.  H.R. 333 will stop corporate thieves from hiding their homestead assets from those whom they have defrauded. It will cap a debtor's homestead exemption at $125,000 if the debtor was convicted of a felony, if the debtor violated a securities law, or if they engaged in any criminal act, intentional tort, or reckless misconduct that caused serious physical injury or death to another individual.  Homeownership strengthens the fabric of our society. It's the American dream--and over 70% of Americans are living it. Owning a house gives individuals and families a place to call home, where they can arise their children and become active participants in their neighborhoods and communities.  Since 1867, federal lawmakers have recognized the role of the states in determining appropriate homestead exemptions.  States are in a much better position to determine an appropriate exemption--they can more closely examine the factors that differ from state to state, such as property values, real estate inflation, and even demographics.  The balance between states' rights and the federal government is important. Any abuses of the homestead exemption can and should be addressed by the individual states themselves.  In Texas, the homestead exemption is embedded in the state constitution to prevent the sale of one's home to repay debts, except in three specific cases: when there is a debt for the purchase of a home, a debt to finance the improvements to the home, or a debt for property taxes or federal income and estate taxes.  The homestead exemption provisions were among the most contentious in the conference and I am pleased we were able to reach a compromise on this issue. The compromise we reached will prevent `bad actors' from abusing the homestead exemption without punishing those who legitimately belong in bankruptcy.  The overwhelming majority of people who declare bankruptcy do so because they have no other choice. Bankruptcy law is intended to give debtors a fresh start, not to punish them. Less than one percent of bankruptcy debtors abuse the bankruptcy press. This bill will address those `bad actors' while retaining the goal of giving sincere debtors a fresh start.  I strongly support this conference report and I urge my colleagues to support it, as well.  