Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my strong support for H. Res. 335, a resolution recognizing the valuable contributions of Catholic Schools.  This week marks the 28th Anniversary of National Catholic Schools Week, a week dedicated to honor the achievements and successes of Catholic Schools throughout the U.S. More than 2.6 million children are enrolled in the 8,146 Catholic Schools in our country.  A Catholic education challenges students through a combination of high standards, strong motivation, effective discipline, and an atmosphere of caring. These characteristics foster excellence in students. In a society where academic and moral standards are constantly being debased and watered down, Catholic schools consistently deliver a level of student performance that is well supported by the evidence. Too often these days, our kids are bombarded with mushy, well-meaning rhetoric that says that everybody can score ``above average.'' Too many school systems have adopted the false notion that filling our children with a bogus sense of self-esteem is more important that actually ensuring that they master their subject material. President Bush rightfully denounces ``the soft bigotry of low expectations.'' Fortunately, Catholic schools are part of the solution of the problem of low expectations.  Catholic school student test performance in the three grade levels of the National Assessment of Educational Progress exceeds public school test results by an average of 4.5 percent in math, 4.8 percent in science, and 12.5 percent in reading. Only 3 percent of Catholic school students drop out of school, compared to a 14 percent dropout rate of students in public schools. In addition, 83 percent of Catholic high school graduates go on to college, as compared to 52 percent of public high school graduates. While there are a variety of factors that can partially account for these differences, sociologists and education therorists cannot explain all of these differences away without acknowledging that challenging our students and expecting more from them inspires students to work harder and take more pride in their academic work.  Catholic schools recognize parents and family as primary educators, while fostering a shared vision among the two. As the father of four children who have attended Catholic schools, I know they strive to create a special bond between families and the school.  As Pope John Paul II said, ``. . . and so the purpose of Catholic Education is to communicate Christ to you, so that your attitude toward others will be that of Christ.''  Obviously, children do not from their core moral values because of what schools teach them. Respect for life, and for the rights of others, does not start at school. It starts athome. But that does not mean that our schools don't have a role to play in helping parents instill in their children a sense of right and wrong. Schools can help parents, or they can help undermine their efforts. I am proud that Catholic schools are working every day to help parents to instill decency fair play, and respect for others. Parents know their job is not an easy one these days. Their moral lessons are constantly being undermined by contradictory messages that bombard our kids from every possible direction. It's very reassuring to parents of Catholic school students to know that at least they child's school can be counted upon to be an ally in this struggle.  Lastly, in honoring the contributions of Catholic schools, we must not forget or neglect the vital role of our public school system. Both school systems assist and teach each other. Many troubled children have transferred out of the public school system and have been turned around in a Catholic school. This symbiotic relationship strengthens both systems.  Mr. Speaker, I ask that all members lend their support to H. Res. 335, and pass it unanimously.  