Mr. Chairman, first, so the record is clear, Paul O'Neill, the Secretary of the Treasury, has cosigned a letter with Secretary Colin Powell to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) saying that we would recommend that the President veto such legislation if it reaches his desk with the Flake amendment or any language that weakens current policy. So let us be very clear about that.  Let me also point out to my colleagues that travel to Cuba by Americans is permitted, providing it is with a purpose. There are 13 broad categories for which travel may be authorized. Something on the order of 200,000 people visited Cuba last year, so travel does take place, but it has to have a purpose.  There is a dark side to Cuba travel as well. Some of my colleagues think the travel is a panacea if we just have unfettered travel, somehow human rights abuses will be ameliorated and we will see some changes. That has not happened with the Canadians, with Europeans and others who routinely go to Cuba. There has been no mitigation of the human rights abuse. It has gotten worse in Cuba over this last several years. It is Pollyannaish, I would say to my colleagues who think otherwise.  There is also another dark side. The Protection Project just recently came out with a report again about human trafficking and sexual exploitation. I am the prime sponsor of landmark human trafficking law, and we have seen an increase in sexual tourism in Cuba. Here is what the Protection Project says. Canadian sex tourism is largely responsible for the revival of child prostitution. So there is a dark side to this seeming panacea of travel.  Let me also point out to my colleagues that Cuba continues to share the dubious distinction of being named a terrorist state by the Department of State. They join the infamous and the cruel, six other rogue nations: Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan and Syria.  I think in this stage of the debate, it is worth reiterating that the Goss amendment would merely require that before we provide the means for Castro to obtain millions of dollars in revenues for his dictatorship, that three mutually reinforcing homeland security criteria are met: That the Cuban government does not process and is not developing biological weapons that threaten the U.S.; that Cuba is not providing terrorist states or terrorist organizations technology that could be used to produce, develop, or deliver biological weapons; and that Cuba is not providing support or sanctuary for international terrorists. These are exceedingly important criteria.  I would say to my colleagues, if you do not think they are relevant, vote for the Flake amendment. If you think they are relevant, I would ask you to vote for the Goss amendment and against the Flake amendment. If you think that the Cuban dictatorship is clean, you should also vote for the Goss amendment. What is there to hide? Let the scrutiny begin. Let a full-scale, presidential review and determination be made to ensure whether or not biological weapons in Cuba are real. If you think, as I do, that the dictatorship poses very serious threats to the safety and well-being of Americans, then I would urge my colleagues to vote for the Goss amendment.  Mr. Chairman, let us not forget, Fidel Castro is a dictator, a mass torturer, and he is a terrorist. Just look at the country's human rights practices. It is unconscionable. The recent State Department Report makes it very clear people are routinely beaten for their beliefs.  Vote ``yes'' on Goss.  