Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3253, as amended, the ``Department of Veterans Affairs Emergency Preparedness Act of 2002.'' H.R. 3253 will provide the federal government with another tool to prevent, or if necessary, respond to future acts of terrorism against the United States. This legislation will mobilize the strength of the VA heath care infrastructure in defending our nation against future acts of terrorism.  Almost exactly one year ago today, on October 15, 2001, I chaired a hearing of the Veterans' Affairs Committee to examine the role of the Department of Veterans Affairs in homeland security. At that hearing, I proposed to use VA's expertise in biomedical research to help in finding treatments and vaccines against deadly chemical and biological threats posed by terrorists. Just two days later, Congress was itself facing anthrax attacks from letters that had been sent through the main post office in my congressional district in Hamilton, New Jersey.  Mr. Speaker, I know from my own experience during these anthrax attacks that our nation needs to quickly develop new tests and treatments for anthrax and other dangerous biological and chemical agents that could be used by terrorists. When anthrax was discovered in the Hamilton Post Office, I was astounded to discover that there were no existing protocols to test, quarantine, or threat victims. The confusion that followed discovery of anthrax made a bad situation even worse. We must learn from that experience.  H.R. 3253 will marshal some of our nation's best and brightest scientists in a focused effort to develop new protocols for testing, vaccinating and treatment our citizens who may be victims of biological, chemical and radiological terrorism.  Although it may come as a surprise to many, the Department of Veterans Affairs operates our nation's largest integrated health care network, with over 200,000 health care practitioners, 163 medical centers, more than 800 outpatient clinics, 115 medical research programs, affiliations with over 100 schools of medicine and a $25 billion annual budget, including over $1 billion for its research programs.  The VA health care system must be an integral component of any homeland security strategy. In fact, VA already does have defined roles in both the National Disaster Medical System (NDMS) and the Federal Response Plan (FRP) in the event of national emergencies.  Among VA's current specialized duties are: conducting and evaluating disaster and terrorist attack simulation exercises; managing the nation's stockpile of drugs to counter the effects of biological and chemical poisons; maintaining a rapid response team for radioactive releases; and training public and private NDMS medical center personnel around the country in properly responding to biological, chemical, or radiological disasters.  H.R. 3253 was developed in order to apply the existing experience and expertise of VA's health care research programs as a defensive tool in the war on terrorism.  As amended, H.R. 3253 will authorize VA to establish four National Medical Preparedness Centers. These centers would undertake research and develop new protocols for detecting, diagnosing, vaccinating and treating potential victims of terrorism. In particular, the Centers would focus on ways to prevent and treat victims of biological, chemical, radiological or other explosive terrorist acts.  The new centers would conduct direct research and coordinate ongoing and promising new research with affiliated universities and other government agencies. These Centers would serve as training resources for thousands of community hospital staffs, hazardous materials ``HAZMAT'' teams, Emergency Medical Technicians, firefighters and police officers, who must be first medical responders in the event of terrorist attacks.  The emergency preparedness centers would also be charged with establishing state-of-the-art laboratories to help local health authorities detect the presence of dangerous biological and chemical poisons. The funding to support these centers would come from the additional funds provided for combating terrorism and would not use or otherwise reduce funding for veterans' health care.  Under the compromise agreement reached with the Senate, VA's authority to provide emergency medical treatment would be expanded to include first responders, other Federal agencies, veterans not enrolled in the VA health care system, active duty service members and other persons receiving VA care in declared domestic emergencies. Reimbursements collected for the cost of care, whether coming from FEMA, the Defense Department or an insurance company, would be credited to the VA's Medical Care Collections Fund, the same as in other VA collections efforts.  In addition, a new assistant secretary for preparedness, security and law enforcement would be established at VA. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the compromise bill would codify in title 38 of the United States Code various provisions from Public Law 107-188, the ``Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002'', that pertain to the Department of Veterans Affairs.  Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to revise and extended my remarks and that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks, and include extraneous material on H.R. 3253, as amended.  Mr. Speaker, with our approval today, H.R. 3253 will go to the President for his signature and enactment. I urge all Members to support this vital legislation.  