Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  As we debate this amendment, it is imperative we focus and base our arguments on the facts and the reality of trading with the terrorist regime just 90 miles off the U.S. shores. Not only is the Castro regime a tyrannical one and one of the worst violators of the world, not only does the dictatorship use slave labor, not only does it force children to work in the farming sector as stated in the State Department human rights report, it has also proven to be an unworthy economic partner.  Here are the facts which clearly show that Cuba is not, nor will it ever be, a panacea for American farmers and investors so long as the current regime is in place.  In fact, number one, the Euromoney Country Risk Rating lists Cuba as one of the top five riskiest countries to invest in out of the 185 that they surveyed. Fact: Cuba is rated by Dunn and Bradstreet as one of the riskiest economies in the world. Fact: The Wall Street Journal's Index of Economic Freedom ranks Cuba as the most risky investment and as having the least free economy of the 156 countries surveyed. Fact: Cuba is already in default on $8.2 billion of its $11 billion debt.  In April of this year, Mr. Chairman, three Chilean fish exporters stopped shipments to Cuba after Cuba failed to make an installment payment of $3.7 million on the $20 million deal.  Also in April of this year, a South African company stopped shipments of its diesel engines to Cuba after the dictatorship failed to make the required payments on a 1997 contract.  Even Venezuela has stopped oil shipments to Cuba because Cuba has accrued with them a $63 million debt, missing payment after payment on below-market sales of petroleum.  It is imperative, Mr. Chairman, to maintain the precautions and the safeguards currently in place as part of U.S.-Cuba policy. The protection, Mr. Chairman, afforded by existing U.S. restrictions on trade with the Castro regime is a reality reaffirmed by the U.S. International Trade Commission. The ITC stated in its report that, existing U.S. laws, because they prohibit U.S. financial institutions' dealings with Cuba, ensured that there was no U.S. exposure to Cuba's foreign debt moratorium.  The ITC report added that extending credits and financing to a bankrupt Castro regime would expose taxpayers to footing the bill once Cuba defaulted on its payments. We certainly do not want that.  We as Members of Congress, Mr. Chairman, elected to represent and defend the interests of our constituents, cannot and must not support an amendment which would essentially force the American taxpayer to absorb such losses.  And there is already cause for U.S. concern. Under the compromise language in the Trade Sanctions Reform Act, ag sales to Cuba have occurred. Yet despite repeated congressional inquiries, there has not been an independent or Government confirmation that payments have been received from Cuba.  Before we support the unrestricted and unsupervised sales called for in the Moran amendment, would my colleagues not agree that it would be prudent to examine whether current regulations are being fully complied with? We should also pause, look to the experiences of others and learn from them in order to protect the American people.  For example, the European Union recently wrote a 15-page letter of complaint to Cuba's so-called finance minister, Carlos Lage, citing the discriminatory and uncertain trading environment of the Castro regime. Do we want to subject American investors to loss of contracts, confiscation of machinery, equipment and financial investments or even jail time? This is not an exaggeration. These are well-documented tactics employed by the Castro regime to retaliate against investors who voice dissatisfaction with the dictatorship's policies.  Mr. Chairman, as the saying goes, ``an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.'' Thus to prevent the victimization of our farmers and investors at the hands of Castro's erratic and failed economic policies, we must uphold existing U.S. law.  I ask my colleagues to champion the cause of hard-working Americans throughout this great Nation and prevent their from being used as experimental subjects to test Cuba's debt-filled waters. I ask for a no on the Moran amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  