Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my strong support for the resolution before us today, which recognizes the valuable contributions of Wendy's Founder, R. David Thomas.  Born in 1932 in Atlantic City, New Jersey, Dave Thomas never knew his birth parents, and was adopted when he was six weeks young. One of Dave's most cherished childhood memories was eating out at restaurants. Thus, as a young man, he committed himself to opening up his own restaurant where families could enjoy eating and spending time together. On November 15, 1969, Dave Thomas founded Wendy's Old-Fashioned Hamburgers in Columbus, Ohio, and transformed it into one of the most successful food franchises in the country.  Mr. Thomas was much more than a successful businessman, however. He never forgot his roots, and he used his financial success to promote and advocate the cause of adoption. In 1990, Former President George H. W. Bush asked Mr. Thomas to be a spokesperson for his administration's adoption initiative, ``Adoption Works. . .For Everyone.'' Mr. Thomas gracefully accepted the challenge, and began to speak out and encourage people to consider adoption. The Wendy's corporation championed adoption as its national charitable cause, while taking a corporate leadership role in advancing the cause of adoption by encouraging other corporations to offer family leave and adoption benefits to employees who welcomed and adopted a child into their family.  In conjunction with National Adoption Month every November, over 6,000 Wendy's North American restaurants undertake an aggressive advertising campaign advocating the cause of adoption. These widely successful adoption efforts, such as public service announcements tray-liners an posters account for approximately 40 percent of all calls taken at the National Adoption Center's toll free number (1-800-TO-ADOPT).  Dave's personal contributions of time, money and initiative to the cause of adoption have been equally successful. Dave donated all of the proceeds from his 1991 autobiography Dave's Way and his 1995 book Well Done! to the foundation.  Then in 1992, Mr. Thomas founded The Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption, a nonprofit organization that supports over 134,000 children in America's foster care system waiting for permanent and loving homes.  Virtually every well-conducted social research study that has examined the impact of adoption on a child concludes that adoption is far more preferable than state custody. The adoption of a child into a traditional two-parent, man and woman family, has profoundly positive social benefits for the child and family as well as for our society.  Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of Congress to support the Dave Thomas Resolution. America has lost an important champion for children with the death of Dave Thomas. It is fitting and appropriate that we honor his good deeds today. We all hope and pray that his good work will continue on, despite his passing.  