Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4514, as amended, the Veterans' Major Medical Facilities Construction Act of 2002. I want to commend the distinguished chairman of our subcommittee for authoring this very important piece of legislation.  H.R. 4514, as amended, Mr. Speaker, would authorize $285 million in major medical appropriations for 10 construction projects at VA health care facilities, and would also authorize a capital lease at the VA outpatient clinic in Charlotte, North Carolina. At the outset, let me remind my colleagues that we included funding in the budget resolution that was approved in March to cover the costs of this much-needed construction.  Mr. Speaker, last year this body passed H.R. 811, the Veterans Hospital Emergency Repair Act, to provide emergency funding to VA health care and research facilities for repairs and renovations. H.R. 811 would have provided $550 million over 2 years to make needed repairs at the VA hospitals where patient safety could be compromised, such as for seismic dangers. Under that legislation, the decision of which projects would be funded was left to the Secretary with the advice of an expert panel. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the Senate has not acted on this measure and as a consequence, VA's health care infrastructure continues to deteriorate, which is unacceptable.  Mr. Speaker, a recent PriceWaterhouse study estimated that the physical assets of the VA were worth more than $35 billion and that normal replacement, repair and nonrecurring expenses of such a large infrastructure should normally be between 2 and 4 percent annually, for a total of between $700 million and $1.4 billion per year. We are nowhere near that. As a matter of fact, we have not been doing any of that for the last several years, or at least not much of it. It would be irresponsible to allow such a massive and valuable national asset as the VA health care system to decline for want of care. Since the Senate has not moved on our 2-year authorization, I am so glad and pleased that our chairman has decided to step up to the plate and offer this important legislation today.  Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Moran), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health.  