Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, again, I want to reiterate, I rise in very strong opposition to this rule and to the underlying bill that will follow it if the rule does pass.  Let me again point out that this bankruptcy reform conference reportcontains an unrelated provision that was not included in the bill that passed out of this body that discriminates against peaceful, pro-life protestors, and that is why I oppose this.  Mary Ann Glendon wrote an incisive analysis that every Member should read. The Catholic Conference has put out a very strong statement pointing out how unjust this language is. This takes the FACE bill passed back in 1994 over the opposition of my good friend, the distinguished chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner) and myself, and makes it even worse by making civil fines that are levied nondischargeable.  Much has been made about the Starr memo, which I would respectfully submit misses the point by a mile and is unworthy of Ken Starr. He argues, for example, and the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Cannon) made this point a moment ago, that rigorous intent requirements; i.e. law-breaking, are included in the conference report. Martin Luther King was an intentional law breaker. We rightly honor him with a national holiday. A tremendous man who went to prison--served short prison sentences--and faced modest and proportionate penalties in his quest for social justice. For Dr. King, law breaking was a means to an end.  Pro-lifers, on the other hand, are subjected to ruinous penalties for the same acts of civil disobedience. Nonviolent civil disobedience, obstruction, getting in the way, as was mentioned by one of my colleagues, kneeling in front of a door, praying at an abortion clinic, is construed to be a violation of the FACE Act and then, when the penalties are levied, the pro-lifers cannot discharge the ruinous judgements imposed on them.  Mr. Starr also says that section 330 is evenhanded. That, I say to my colleagues, is unmitigated nonsense, it is misleading, and it is false. Section 330 only has the appearance of evenhandedness. Other activists, labor activists, antiwar, PETA, all the groups that use civil disobedience as a means of bringing attention to their cause get a slap on the wrist, a 30-buck fine, they are out of jail the next day. Not so for pro-life protestors. They are under the FACE Act and are discriminated against and singled out for ruinous monetary penalties and criminal penalties and, again, we are talking about nonviolent activities.  Back in 1994 I would remind my colleagues I offered the substitute amendment to FACE on the floor that said for those who throw bombs or kill at abortion clinics, are jailed and appropriately fined. But for peaceful protestors, those men and women whose only motive is to try to deter an abortion, another act of violence, to say there is another way, so they have a sit-in. Perhaps they sit in front of a door or they have a pray-in. These things happen all the time. A successful complaint made by the abortion clinic, for example, would be nondischargeable under this legislation.  So to say section 330 is evenhanded when the underlying statute is applied unevenly to pro-lifers versus all other activists is unmitigated nonsense, and again I am very discouraged that Mr. Starr would put out such a misleading memo.  Vote ``no'' on the rule.  