Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4085, the Veterans' and Survivors' Benefits Expansion Act of 2002 will expand and increase a number of important benefits for veterans and their surviving spouses. With more than 2.3 million veterans relying on disability compensation payments, H.R. 4085 provides a much-needed cost-of-living adjustment (COLA), the same as that which is given to Social Security recipients, currently estimated to be about 2.3 percent next year. Surviving spouses and children of veterans who qualify for dependency and indemnity compensation (DIC) would also see their payments increased by the same COLA amount.  For a 100 percent service-connected disabled veteran, this increase would take effect December 1 and will total about $600 next year in increase. In total, H.R. 4085 will increase disability compensation payments by about $300 million next year and by more than $1.5 billion over the next 5 years.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4085 would also make a historic change in current law to allow surviving spouses who remarry after the age of 65 to retain their dependency and indemnity compensation as well as health insurance, home loan, and education benefits. Under current law, a surviving spouse of a veteran who is currently eligible for dependency and indemnity compensation, and who remarries, loses his or her eligibility for this and other VA benefits. Sadly, this economic penalty has prevented thousands of older women from enjoying the comforts that come from marriage later in their lives.  Mr. Speaker, as my colleagues know, when a man and woman serve our Nation in the Armed Forces, we not only benefit from their service, but also from that of their spouse, who make their own sacrifices supporting their family on the home front. We should stop penalizing these brave women and men who have already lost so much, and are now looking for companionship in their twilight years.  This provision has been championed in the House by the Committee on Veterans' Affairs vice chairman, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis). I want to commend him for his continuing work, and his commitment on behalf of veterans and their spouses.  Let me say to my colleagues that we had hoped to bring forward legislation that contained a lower age limit; we wanted to get to 55 years, but budgetary constraints and questionable CBO scoring have prevented us from doing that. Instead, our legislation in essence would make a down payment to these Gold Star wives who have given our Nation so much. We will be monitoring the actual implementation costs of this provision so that we can revisit it in the future. While today's action is historic, let me assure these brave women that it is just the beginning of the process and not the end of the process. H.R. 4085 also contains several other provisions which the distinguished chairman of the Subcommittee on Benefits will be outlining in a moment.  Finally, I just want to say that I am grateful to the chairman, the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Simpson), gentleman from Texas (Mr. Reyes), the ranking member, and again my good friend, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans), for working with us on this legislation and for helping to bring it to the floor today.  Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Simpson).  