Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I rise in support of the pending conference report on the Bob Stump Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2003. I would like to commend the conferees for their hard work in bringing this report to the floor, and particularly for including several provisions within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs that will increase the cooperation and resource sharing between medical facilities and programs of the Armed Forces and those of the Department of Veterans Affairs.  Sections 721 through 729 of the conference report would mandate new health care resource sharing programs between the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs, and would provide strong, unprecedented incentives for the Departments to work as true partners in delivering health care to the military-veteran community.  Mr. Speaker, last June, I along with Veterans' Affairs Committee Ranking Member Lane Evans and others, introduced H.R. 2667, the Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Health Resources Access Improvement Act of 2001, legislation designed to increase the level of cooperation and sharing between the health care systems of DOD and VA. Despite legislation authorizing resource sharing being on the books for two decades, these massive health care systems of VA, Army, Navy and Air Force, have failed to take significant or even commonsense actions to cooperate and collaborate to share their resources when and where appropriate. Our legislation was designed to jump-start this process through practical and achievable means.  On March 7, 2002, our Subcommittee on Health held a joint hearing with the Armed Services Subcommittee on Military Personnel to examine H.R. 2667. At that hearing, we received significant support from veterans' organizations, Administration officials and Members of both Subcommittees. Using the feedback from that hearing, we were able to achieve a significant compromise that is now incorporated in the Conference Report.  Specifically, the Conference agreement would: Mandate, rather than permit sharing where feasible; require VA and DOD to jointly plan for the future of both health care systems; provide funding incentives for facilities that have forged ahead and demonstrated the advantages of sharing resources--initially limited to three sites; make VA and DOD develop information systems and management structures to allow their respective pharmacy services to become interoperable; and encourage combined training for health care providers.  Let me be very clear what these provisions do not do.  They do not combine the Federal health care systems; they do not merge the two systems; they do not reduce overall delivery of medical services; and they do not lower the level of funding for either health care system. Rather, this legislation takes advantage of opportunities to better serve both populations--when and where it makes sense. By sharing equipment, facilities, technology or personnel, VA and DOD can achieve efficiencies that would then be reinvested to provide expanded services to even more veterans, active duty military, retirees, and military dependents and survivors.  I am pleased to report to my colleagues that the Conference language on sharing has the support of The American Legion, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the National Military Veterans' Alliance, the Military Coalition for Health Care, the Paralyzed Veterans of America, and the Disabled American Veterans.  While legal authority for resource sharing between the departments has existed for 20 years, the level of sharing between the VA and DOD remains abysmally low, accounting for only two-tenths of one percent of their combined $40 billion health care budgets. My committee staff made 16 site visits last year to DOD-VA sites, and just recently during our August recess Health Chairman Moran and fellow Committee Member Jeff Miller visited the Navy Medical Center in Pensacola, Florida and Eglin Air Force Base. They reported to me that this particular Panhandle area, with so many military facilities and a growing population of older veterans and military retirees, is ripe for additional DOD-VA sharing.  All our visits to sites where VA and DOD health care activities are in very close proximity are carefully documented in a Committee staff report filed earlier this year. I commend that report to all the conferees here today, but let me briefly give you a couple of compelling examples of what we believe are the kinds of problems this legislation can solve.  Charleston, South Carolina is home to a Navy Hospital and a VA Medical Center. During a visit last year by our Committee staff, the Navy Hospital's Executive Officer, in the course of discussing the issue of resource sharing, talked about the difficulty he had in recruiting and retaining pharmacy technicians to handle a daily backlog of 500 prescriptions. Directly across the street from the Navy Hospital is a VA Consolidated Mail-out Pharmacy, which fills 60,000 mail-out prescriptions daily for VA's patients. The Navy hospital officer was completely unaware of this facility's capabilities.  Crossing the street with my staff, they visited the VA pharmacy for the first time, took a tour, and talked to the chief pharmacist, who said that he would have no difficulty filling 500 daily prescriptions for the Navy, an amount barely noticeable in his massive workload. To date, a year later, it appears nothing has changed. It's inexcusable in my view to waste such opportunities.  I know from my own experience how difficult it can sometimes be to just get the four service branches to cooperate between themselves. My own congressional district in New Jersey over the past 22 years has either contained or been in close proximity to several military installations, including the Army's Fort Dix, the Air Force's McGuire Air Force Base, and the Navy's Naval Research Laboratory in Lakehurst. I remember visiting them some years ago and it seemed as though you needed to get a passport just to cross from Fort Dix to McGuire.  We all know of institutional resistance to change, but that resistance must be overcome. With the demand for health care services rising, and the cost of care also going up, we cannot wait any longer to take real, meaningful actions to find ways to serve both populations more effectively and more efficiently. For two decades, VA and DOD have had the authority and the charge to improve sharing of health care resources, and the results have been dismal. We don't need more studies or more reports; we need action.  Our VA-DOD sharing language in the Bob Stump Authorization Act will be a major step forward in that regard, and I commend the conferees for retaining the provisions in the final conference agreement that is now before the House. I want to thank our Committee's Ranking Democratic Member, Lane Evans, Health Subcommittee Chairman Jerry Moran, and Subcommittee Ranking Member Bob Filner for their hard work in this legislation. In addition, I want to thank Armed Services Committee Chairman Bob Stump, a former Chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, Ranking Member Ike Skelton, Subcommittee Chairman Bob McHugh, and Ranking Member Dr. Vic Snyder, for all of their work to reach this agreement.  Mr. Speaker, the conference report also includes language providing additional benefits to military retirees who have incurred significant combat related disabilities. Unfortunately, this agreement is not as generous as an earlier provision on concurrent receipt that was approved by the House and I expect that many Members will be working on this issue during the 108th Congress. I will support these efforts.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, I cannot let the opportunity pass without also adding some words to commend my dear friend, predecessor and long-term colleague, the Honorable Bob Stump. It is indeed a fitting tribute to Bob Stump that this measure be titled the ``Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003''. Bob Stump has been a friend of those who serve in the Armed Forces since his own experience as a Navy corpsman serving in the South Pacific theater during World War II. Although Chairman Stump hasbeen known to shun the spotlight, his words and actions speak volumes about his dedication to all those who served.  For those who may not be familiar with some of his more notable legislative accomplishments, I would like the record to reflect the following list of his accomplishments during the six years that he served as Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs from 1995 to 2000. Working on a bipartisan basis in cooperation with veterans' service organizations, the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs achieved significant legislative success on behalf of our Nation's veterans and their families. The following items only highlight what was accomplished during the six years of Bob Stump's chairmanship.  VA Health Care Budget--For fiscal year 2000, Congress provided the largest budget increase for VA health care in history, $1.7 billion.  Health Care Eligibility Reform--In 1996, under Chairman Stump's leadership, Congress passed eligibility reforms that removed barriers to outpatient care and allowed greater flexibility to the VA so it could pay for care closer to where the veteran lives.  1998 Benefits Expansion--In 1998, Congress passed a significant benefits expansion totaling $1.5 billion over five years for improvement to veterans' and survivors' education benefits and benefits for disabled veterans and surviving spouses of totally disabled veterans.  Veterans Millennium Health Care and Benefits Act--What has been called the Millennium Act is the most comprehensive veterans' benefits improvement legislation in decades. Some of the more significant provisions mandate nursing home and long-term care and allow the VA to pay for some emergency health care services.  Montgomery GI Bill Enhancement--Public Law 106-419 increased the value of the monthly education benefit by nearly $100 per month to $650. During the six years of Chairman Stump's tenure, the Congress increased the monthly benefit by 48 percent.  National Cemetery Expansion--Since 1997, 7 new national veterans' cemeteries have opened, including one in Oklahoma that was required by the Veterans' Committee as part of the Millennium Act. Under Chairman Stump's guidance, Congress also required the VA to begin immediately the planning for 5 national cemeteries in Atlanta, Miami, Pittsburgh, Oklahoma, Sacramento, and Detroit.  Arlington National Cemetery--Legislation was enacted in 1999 to expand the boundaries of Arlington National Cemetery, extending its useful life beyond the projected closing date of 2025 so that in-ground burials of veterans can continue until approximately the year 2041. Chairman Stump also cared passionately about preserving the integrity of the Nation's premier National Cemetery at Arlington, Virginia. During the 105th, 106th, and 107th Congress, Bob Stump sponsored legislation that was approved by the entire House of Representatives to codify eligibility requirements for Arlington. His legislation would have preserved eligibility for career service members while denying eligibility to Members of Congress who did not have the requisite military service.  For these and all of the other measures which Chairman Stump helped to move through this and many preceding Congresses, I extend the gratitude of the millions of veterans of this nation who benefited so much from Bob Stump's leadership. We all wish him the very best as he returns to his home in Arizona.  Mr. Speaker, I urge approval of this Conference Report. It deserves to become part of Bob Stump's legislative legacy.  