Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the Dooley motion to lift current human rights limitations on the financing of private agricultural sales to Cuba. While the motion in support of section 335 of the Senate version of the farm bill purports to assist American commercial interests, it is absolutely clear that the prime beneficiary would be the Castro dictatorship.  Amazingly, it seems to escape the notice and concern of certain Members of Congress that the Cuban dictator not only tortures thousands of people in Cuba, but he is also a terrorist. Cuba continues to share the dubious distinction of being named a terrorist state by the U.S. State Department, joining countries like Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korean, Sudan and Syria, great company, and we want to trade more with these individuals?  Last year as the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart) pointed out earlier, when Castro was in Iran, and this was in the Agence France Presse, he said after meeting with the Iranians, ``The U.S. regime is weak, and we are witnessing this weakness close up.'' He also said that Iran and Cuba, tightly together, in cooperation with each other, can bring America to its knees.  Mr. Speaker, ``bring America to its knees,'' and we want to reward this terrorist, Castro, by trading more with him? The mention was just made that in China and Vietnam, we trade with them, why not Cuba. There has been no amelioration of human rights abuses in those countries.  I would ask my colleague, the author of this motion, has the gentleman read the country reports on human rights practices with regard to Cuba? Has the gentleman read it? No.  Mr. Speaker, I ask the gentleman and every Member who wants to lift this part of the sanction to read this. It reads like an indictment of the Cuban dictatorship.  This report points out over and over again in this 21-page, single space country report, out of the State Department, that harassment, murder, killing, beatings--if one steps out of line in Cuba, bang, they come at you and beat you with their fists. And we want to reward this dictatorship?  The gentleman from California mentioned China. China has gotten worse in its human rights. Read that report. It is over 60 pages put out by the U.S. Department of State. We cannot aid and abet dictatorship. He is a terrorist. He is a mass violator of human rights, and he would be the prime beneficiary of the gentleman's motion and the Senate language. I urge a ``no'' vote on this. This is wrong. It makes us, however unwittingly, accomplices in crimes against humanity.       The Government's human rights record remained poor. The      Government continued to violate systematically the      fundamental civil and political rights of its citizens.      Citizens do not have the right to change their government      peacefully. Prisoners died in jail due to lack of medical      care. Members of the security forces and prison officials      continued to beat and otherwise abuse detainees and      prisoners, including human rights activists. The Government      failed to prosecute or sanction adequately members of the      security forces and prison guards who committed abuses.      Prison conditions remained harsh and life threatening. The      authorities routinely continued to harass, threaten,      arbitrarily arrest, detain, imprison, and defame human rights      advocates and members of independent professional      associations, including journalists, economists, doctors, and      lawyers, often with the goal of coercing them into leaving      the country. The Government used internal and external exile      against such persons, and it offered political prisoners the      choice of exile or continued imprisonment. The Government      denied political dissidents and human rights advocates due      process and subjected them to unfair trials. The Government      infringed on citizens' privacy rights. The Government denied      citizens the freedoms of speech, press, assembly, and      association. It limited the distribution of foreign     publications and news, reserving them for selected faithful      party members, and maintained strict censorship of news and      information to the public. The Government restricted some      religious activities but permitted others. The Government      limited the entry of religious workers to the country. The      Government maintained tight restrictions on freedom of      movement, including foreign travel and did not allow some      citizens to leave the country. The Government was sharply and      publicly antagonistic to all criticism of its human rights      practices and discouraged foreign contacts with human rights      activists. Violence against women, especially domestic      violence, and child prostitution were problems. Racial      discrimination was a problem. The Government severely      restricted worker rights, including the right to form      independent unions. The Government prohibits forced and      bonded labor by children; however, it required children to do      farm work without compensation.  