Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride and pleasure that I rise to urge the enactment of H.R. 622, The Economic Security and Worker Assistance Act of 2002, also known as the Hope for Children Act.  I cannot overemphasize how proud I am to be an original cosponsor of the Hope for Children Act. Mr. DeMint deserves our thanks and praise for his work on this bill.  Mr. Speaker, throughout my 21 years in Congress, I have worked tirelessly with a broad, bipartisan group of colleagues, to protect children. Encouraging adoption has been among our primary concerns. Along those ends, I have introduced my own legislation that designated National Adoption Week, and I worked to help establish the current $5,000 tax credit for adopting parents. The $5,000 tax credit, which was incorporated into the ``Contract with America,'' passed by Congress, and later signed into law, is helping many families that have adopted a child.  But there is still so much to be done. There are so many children that need to be adopted. There are so many infertile couples who desperately want to raise children. This legislation today is needed. H.R. 622 seeks to double the adoption tax credit to $10,000 for all adoptions and double the employer adoption assistance exclusion to $10,000. The legislation also increases the income cap at which the credit begins to phase out from $75,000 to $150,000.  The fact of the matter is that adoptions are very costly, ranging from $8,000 to $30,000 per year. There are many families who would like to open their home to a child, but are prevented or delayed on doing so by the high cost of adoption. H.R. 622 helps to ease this financial burden to ensure that children quickly find a permanent, loving home--so that no child is left behind to end up in the foster care system permanently.  The empirical evidence shows conclusively that the tax credit must be increased. Just take a look at the tax return data. According to the Committee report accompanying this bill, half of the taxpayers who received income tax benefits for adoption expenses in 1998 reported expenses in excess of $5,000, while 25 percent of taxpayers receiving tax benefits for adoption reported expenses totaling more than $10,000.  It is important to note that the $5,000 tax credit expires this year and the current $5,000 employer adoption assistance exclusion also expires--it is vital that we enact this important legislation to help defray these costs.  The Hope for Children Act is a solid start to ensuring that more children find a loving home. While some adoptions will cost well over $10,000--the data suggests that as many as 25 percent of all adoptions fall into this category--raising the limit will aid more families in their efforts to adopt a child in need. If the President signs the Hope for Children Act into law this year, families could claim the $10,000 tax credit beginning with their 2003 tax returns.  One final note. Virtually every well-conducted social research study that has examined the impact of adoption on a child concludes that adoption is far more preferable than state custody. The adoption of a child into a traditional two-parent, man and woman family, has profoundly positive social consequences for both the child, as well as for our society. A recent Heritage Foundation analysis of the adoption research literature shows that adopted children raised in a two-parent family, measure as well as, if not better than, a biological child on virtually every social, educational, and health indicator assessed.  The route by which the Hope for Children Act has arrived here in the House again deserves some discussion. On May 17, 2001, this bill was agreed to by a vote of 420-0. On February 6, 2002, the Senate passed the measure with an amendment to add tax relief and economic stimulus language. Today we are adding some additional tax relief provisions, so that unemployment insurance benefits will be extended to all displaced workers regardless of how their job losses occurred.  New Jersey's economy was hit very hard by terrorism. First we lost approximately 700 New Jerseyans on September 11, including nearly 50 from my own Fourth District. In addition to the unbearable loss of life, there were tens of thousands of jobs held by people from New Jersey that disappeared into the great cloud of fire, smoke, and ash of the collapsing Twin Towers. Entire businesses and departments were wiped out in an instant.  Before the shock waves of September 11, had even faded, New Jersey was plunged into another unprecedented crisis, as the first major biological weapons attack in U.S. history took place on New Jersey soil. Our mail system ground to a halt. Items frozen in the mail included everything from an engagement ring to credit card bills. Thousands of lives were turned upside down. Another wave of jobs were lost. To this day, the John K. Rafferty Post Office in Hamilton has not reopened, and hundreds of postal workers who work there are now scattered all over the state in makeshift accommodations.  Mr. Speaker, New Jersey's residents need a helping hand. We need this stimulus package. People are hurting. I think the Senate should move promptly and pass H.R. 622. It is time to put the interests of the American people ahead of partisan calculations.  Mr. Speaker, I urge the unanimous passage of the Hope for Children Act.  