Mr. Speaker, imagine as a parent the shock and profound sorrow upon learning after the fact that some adult stranger deliberately kept the parents out of the decision-making process and took an underaged girl for a secret abortion in another State. Imagine the feelings of helplessness, hopelessness, and violation that you would feel when your extremely vulnerable daughter, perhaps confused, frightened and even numb, was whisked away to an abortion mill by a stranger to pursue the violent death of her baby.  Her baby, your grandchild, dead in a sneaky scheme deliberately contrived to deceive the parent about what was really going on, perhaps scarred for life by the unpardonable intervention of the adult stranger who acted as a parental surrogate. If there are complications, severe bleeding, perforated uterus, emotional or psychological aftermath, do not expect any help from the stranger; but of course a parent would be there to help, to love and to nurture and to heal. It is both a parental moral duty and legal duty, but it is really out of deep love. A parent would sacrifice thier own life for their daughter and be there; the stranger would not.  It would not take very long to ask, Mr. Speaker, did the meddling stranger tell her that abortion has significant physical and emotional consequences? Did the stranger inform her that it might increase her risk of breast cancer?  A 1994 study by cancer researcher Janet Daling of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center indicated if a girl under the age of 18 has an abortion, the risk of breast cancer increases by 150 percent. If she or any member of her family has any history of breast cancer, that first abortion means that her risk of breast cancer skyrockets to 270 percent. Dr. Daling's National Cancer Institute-funded study comports with more than two dozen similar studies showing the abortion-breast cancer link.  Mr. Speaker, we can take it to the bank: neither the stranger nor the abortionist himself informed her of this long-term, deleterious consequence.  Mr. Speaker, it is tragic beyond words that the abortion rights movement not only promotes mutilations, dismemberment and chemical poisoning of children by abortions, they further destroy the family by invading the sacred space between parents and their teenage daughters. The so-called choice to mutilate, dismember and chemically poison little children is unconscionable. Currently even a 14-year-old, often with the assist from a stranger, has an unfettered and secret right in many States to have her baby destroyed in a horrific procedure. I urge my colleagues to wake up. Abortion is violence against children. Enabling a stranger to facilitate a minor's secret abortion only adds abuse to abuse.  