Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the committee, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3731, as amended, which would increase funding for State approving agencies from $13 million to $14 million for fiscal year 2003.  Since World War II, Mr. Speaker, Congress has relied on the SAAs to ensure the quality of education and training offered to our Nation's veteransand to protect the integrity of VA education programs. These are the agencies that determine which schools, courses, and training programs qualify as eligible for veterans seeking to use their GI Bill benefits.  SAAs also provide a vital role in occupational licensing and credentialing for veterans and in employer outreach.  On May 21 of this year, Mr. Speaker, the House passed H.R. 4085, as amended, a bill that included an increase from $14 million available to State approving agencies in fiscal year 2002 to $18 million for fiscal years 2003, 2004, and 2005. The Senate passed a similar measure as part of S. 2237 on September 26, but the bodies have not yet reached final agreement to a compromise on the larger bill containing this provision.  Without this legislation, Mr. Speaker, the SAA funding would decrease from the current funding level of $14 million to the $13 million levels on October 1 of this year. This is a stopgap measure for fiscal year 2003 only. My proposal simply puts SAA annual funding back at last year's level of $14 million for fiscal year 2003 in order to provide the SAAs with the resources necessary to fulfill their responsibilities.  Mr. Speaker, I join the ranking member, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans), in urging every Member of the House to support this stopgap bill while we work on the other legislation.  I thank my good friend, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans), for his cooperation on this legislation. We have throughout this session worked together on so many bills, and this is another one, while we work out some details with the Senate, hopefully to significantly boost the amount of money for the State-approving agencies.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  