Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, a society can be measured by how well--or poorly--it treats the most vulnerable in its midst, and partial-birth abortion, like all abortions, is a horrific violence against women and violence against vulnerable little boys and girls.  Mr. Speaker, 30 years after Roe v. Wade, I believe it is time for a serious reality check and a compassion check. Mr. Speaker, abortion on demand has claimed the lives of more than 42 million children and although grossly underreported, has resulted in death, injury and emotional trauma to women. Forty-two million babies have disappeared off the face of the earth--slaughtered by abortion. Look at it this way. Yankee Stadium holds about 57,500 people. If we filled Yankee Stadium to capacity with children slated for execution, we would fill that stadium every day for 730 days. Perhaps this to give us some idea of the magnitude of the loss of life--42 million dead. It is of genocidal proportions.  Abortion methods, Mr. Speaker, are violence against children. Abortion methods dismember and chemically poison children. There is absolutely nothing compassionate or benign about dousing a baby with superconcentrated salt solutions or lethal injections or hacking them to pieces with surgical knives, and there is absolutely nothing compassionate or caring about sucking a baby's brains out with partial-birth abortion. It is child abuse.  Today, Mr. Speaker, because of the gentleman from Wisconsin's (Mr. Sensenbrenner) and because of the gentleman from Ohio's (Mr. Chabot) human rights legislation and their courage in proposing it, we can stop some of this violence.  Today, Mr. Speaker, we inform America that a partial-birth abortion is gruesome and includes pulling a living baby feet first out of the womb and into the birth canal, except for the head, and it is there the abortionist jams the baby's head with the scissors for the purposes of creating a hole in the back of the head. Then that baby has his or her brains sucked out with a high powered vacuum.  Why is that deed--that act, compassionate? I say to my colleagues, and you can snicker and laugh all you want. It is violence against children. It is violence and you my colleagues are sanctioning it, and only because of this legislation do we have an opportunity to save at least some of these children from this terrible, horrific ``procedure.''  Mr. Speaker, in 1998 a 6-pound baby girl known as Baby Phoenix was born with a skull fracture and lacerations on her face after the abortionist, Dr. John Biskind, unsuccessfully attempted to perform a partial birth abortion on her 17-year-old mother. Baby Phoenix survived that murder attempt. There was a lot of controversy abut that abortion and do my colleagues know what the controversy was about? That the abortionist miscalculated the baby's age rather thanthe horrific, horrible violence that was visited upon that baby. That baby survives but carries those scars. Let us be reminded of Baby Phoenix--the lucky one who survived--and all those others who did not.  This is human rights legislation. I have been in Congress 22 years. I do a lot to combat torture. I chair the Commission for Security and Cooperation in Europe. I have written two torture victims relief bills and many other human rights pieces of legislation including a historic antitrafficking law. Partial birth abortion is torture--torture of little baby boys and little baby girls, and I am ashamed of my colleagues who stand up here and call efforts to stop it, an insult to women.  This procedure is an insult and infinitely more to boys and girls who are killed in the womb or partially born. It is an insult and more to the mothers who are the co-victims. I urge my colleagues to vote yes and against the motion to recommit.  