Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a friendly amendment that I offer to the Roemer amendment. It modifies the makeup of the blue ribbon commission to ensure that at least two members of the commission are family members of those who lost their lives because of the murderous attacks on September 11. This idea came out of meetings that I had and my staff had with specific widows, Kristen Breitweiser, who lost her husband Ronald, Patty Casazza, who lost her husband John, Mindi Kleinberg, who lost her husband Alan, and Lorie Van Auken, who lost her husband Kenneth.  They have asked, as have other family members, to be included, to be a part of this investigation. Why wait until conference, or some later time that may or may not materialize. The families should be included right at the passage of this legislation. They are part of this and should not be left on the outside.  They feel, frankly, after numerous meetings, that they have been neglected, that their concerns have not been adequately addressed. That is why I am offering this amendment.  I support the Roemer amendment. As a matter of fact, I just testified before the Committee on Rules asking that the more expansive version that he has proposed to be made part of the Homeland Security Act.  I would say to my colleagues, I chaired the Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights for 6 years. We did the Embassy Security Act. I was a prime sponsor of the bill, a $6 billion authorization to try to beef up our embassies. That came out of the specific recommendations that Admiral Crowe made as part of the Accountability Review Board that met after the two terrible bombings of our embassies in Africa.  What we found was there were all kinds of mistakes that were made, ones that should have been anticipated, some that had been anticipated by Admiral Inman, many, many years before that, but had not been acted upon.  A blue ribbon commission, I would respectfully suggest, will give us the opportunity to bring it all together.  I was just in Berlin heading up the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly there with many Members on both sides of the aisle. I met with one of our consulars who worked in Bangladesh. He told me that 31 people had come to our consulars in Bangladesh and had requested visas for flight training. They wanted to come to the United States to learn how to fly. That was in 1999. We do not know who they are. Those records were done away with 2 years later, because of the statute of limitations on retaining those records. They may have been the very same people who found their way into this country and ended up doing the terrible deeds they did on 9/11.  This is a good amendment. Still I do not think it goes far enough. I would disagree with the gentlewoman from California about narrowing the scope. We need to expand it. We need to investigate other law enforcement agencies, the FAA, INS and all of the others. Then we could come up with a very, very comprehensive set of recommendations so there is a lesson learned.  Let me also tell my colleagues the anthrax problem hit my district, in Hamilton Township, New Jersey. Hamilton was shut down and is still shut down. I am amazed how much we still have not done in follow-up to what happened as a result of the anthrax.  I sat in on those meetings. The left hand did not know what the right hand was doing time and again. Very, very competent people, but, again, the left hand very often was unaware of what the right hand was doing, whether it be CDC, NIH, or other agencies of government. This is a good amendment. I hope you will back it.  