Mr. Chairman, today I rise in strong support of H.R. 2146, the Two Strikes and You're Out Child Protection Act. The premise of the bill is simple: if you are convicted twice of any Federal sex crime, and the crimes take place on Federal property, then you go to prison for life.  Study after study shows that criminals who prey upon children are more likely to reoffend than any other category of criminal. According to a 1999 study by the Center for Sex Offender Management, 16 years goes by before the average sex offender is caught and a recent 2000 study in the issue of sex abuse found that the average sex offender commits 511 crimes. As you know, they victimize, on average, hundreds of children and commit several hundred different offenses and unfortunately, they are prosecuted for only a tiny fraction of their horrific acts.  Mr. Chairman, these statistics are all too real--in my district in New Jersey, a 7-year-old girl, Megan Kanka, was raped and then murdered by her neighbor, Jesse Timmendquas in 1994. He was a two-time convicted sex offender who was releasedearly from prison after serving 6 years of a 10 year sentence. Mr. Timmendquas lived across the street from the Kanka family in a house he shared with two other sex offenders--and neighbors were not aware of their criminal past.  In light of Megan Kanka's horrific tragedy, I worked alongside my colleagues to pass ``Megan's Law.'' At first, this legislation was established at the State level. Later, we were successful at winning support at the Federal level to require states to inform the public when dangerous sex offenders are released from prison and move to their neighborhoods.  The combination of the Two Strikes You're Out Child Protection Act, and Megan's Law, will provide important tools to protect our communities from sex offenders. It is my hope that we will eventually expand the Two Strikes and You're Out Child Protection Act nationwide, and into all states and territories.  The people who repeatedly sexually molest children do not deserve to roam free. When they are free, they molest children. Until modern medicine can cure the sick mind that compels sex offenders to commit their horrific crimes, they should not be allowed to leave prison. Period.  Megan Kanka's death could have been prevented. All of us in Congress have a special burden to make sure that our laws adequately protect children from the likes of Mr. Timmendquas. H.R. 2146 is a good step in the right direction.  Protecting our children from sexual predators requires a comprehensive, multilayered approach. I am proud to have been the prime sponsor of legislation, the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act (P.L. 106-386), which contained two key provisions to help fight child molesters. The first provision of P.L. 106-386 would expand the ``Megan's Law'' concept to college and university communities. Under the new law, law enforcement authorities are required to notify local communities when a registered sex offender is enrolled or employed at a local college or university.  The second provision was called ``Aimee's Law,'' and is designed to punish states that release dangerous sexual felons back into our communities in the first place. Under ``Aimee's Law,'' if a State lets a sexual predator loose, and that predator moves to another State and victimizes another person, the second State can petition the Attorney General to have law enforcement grant funds transferred from the first State to the second State as a form of interstate compensation. The central idea behind the law is to discourage States from releasing sex offenders early.  As the father of four children, I share the anger and frustration that parents across our country have regarding sexual predators and the grave danger they pose to our country's children. As my colleagues are aware, I have worked with many of you in the effort to pass and enforce tough laws to crack down on child pornography, precisely because I believe it leads to diabolicala crimes such as sexual molestation and rape of young children. The Two Strikes and You're Out Child Protection Act will take these people who prey on our children off the streets and into jail--where they belong--for life.  I urge my colleagues to unanimously support the Two Strikes and You're Out Child Protection Act.  