Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of H. Con. Res. 116, recommending the integration of Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia into the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. I believe that these three nations have demonstrated the commitment necessary to become full-fledged members of that organization and will prove to be valuable allies in the war against international terrorism and the effort to promote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law around the world. These are the foundations, of course, for peace and prosperity; and they will be and are even now major players.  Mr. Speaker, 11 years ago with the collapse of the Soviet Union, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania threw off the yoke of Soviet domination and regained their independence. Between World War I and World War II, they had been sovereign nations and respected members of the international community. In 1939, however, they were illegally partitioned between Hitler and Stalin as part of the infamous Molotov-Ribbentrop agreement. Based on this agreement, Hitler gave Stalin the green light to seize the Baltic states.  I am proud to state and to note that the illegal incorporation of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania into the Soviet Union was never recognized by the United States Government. Now Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania are again sovereign nations, respected members of the international community, desirous of joining and contributing to the most successful defensive alliance Europe has ever known. They are working individually and among themselves to improve their defense posture and coordination. All three Baltic states are major contributing forces to the stabilization force in Bosnia. In Afghanistan, an Estonia mine-detecting team is working with our forces near the Bagram air base. They are working assiduously towards membership in the European Union and play a significant role in the deliberations of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, which I chair.  In the early 1990s, there were OSCE missions to Estonia and Latvia to assist in the resolution of the problem of integrating the non-native populations. These missions, I am very happy to say, have now been withdrawn as the challenges of integration recede further and further into history.  I would be remiss, however, if I did not mention a rule of law concern that is relevant to this discussion. During and after World War II, millions of people fled Eastern and central Europe to escape Nazi and Communist persecution. Most of them lost everything they and their families had earned and built up over generations including homes, businesses, and artwork. Since the early 1990's these people or their descendants have tried to regain through legal means the properties that were confiscated. The Helsinki Commission, again a commission that seeks to implement the Helsinki Final Act, has monitored the property restitution and compensation efforts being made by post-Communist governments, and this past July we held our third hearing on that subject. Among the NATO candidate countries where the issue of property restitution has been particularly problematic are Lithuania, Croatia, and Romania.  Central and East European governments have done much regarding property restitution; and indeed they have done some very good things, many of these countries. However, there needs to be done more in this area, and we would call upon them again as we encourage them to join NATO and are looking forward to this partnership which strengthens and deters against aggression that this issue needs to be resolved, and it needs to be resolved as quickly as humanly possible.  