I thank my good friend for yielding time. I want to compliment him on his leadership as well as his courage in offering this bill today.  Mr. Speaker, a moment ago, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia talked about this being the umpteenth time that we have dealt with the abortion issue. Frankly, I am very proud of the fact that prolifers have refused to roll over, those of us who have a moral and a conscientious objection to the killing of unborn children and the injuring of their mothers, do whatever we can, whenever we can to preserve at least some of the lives who otherwise would be destroyed by the violence of abortion.  Let us not forget what we are talking about. Abortion either dismembers unborn children or it chemically poisons unborn children and it does it in a horrific way. It is a painful, violent death imposed upon children and it also is injurious to mothers, especially in a psychological way and in long-lasting physical ways. What we are dealing with today, Mr. Speaker, is conscience protection for hospitals and those institutions that protect and preserve and nurture life so that they will not be coerced into performing abortions or referring for abortions.  I would remind my colleagues that Olympia Snowe, who is not a pro-lifer, said when this was up in 1996 that an institution or an individual who does not want to perform an abortion should not be compelled to do so in a way that is contrary to their beliefs. Unfortunately, while the intent of the legislation signed by the President in 1996 was clear, the language apparently was not, or at least in the eyes of some, andsome courts and some attorneys general have been trying to compel health organizations, hospitals, to be involved in abortions.  Some courts and pro-abortion groups are so extreme that they want to force hospitals to do abortions against their will. The whole board of directors, the hospital staff could say we will not participate in this anti-life child battering enterprise but they could be compelled by a State or by some court to do so absent the enactment of this legislation.  In my own home State of New Jersey, Elizabeth General Medical Center agreed to consolidate with St. Elizabeth's Hospital and no longer perform abortions. Subsequently a New Jersey Superior Court judge reviewing the consolidation issued an outrageous judgment that brought the pro-abortion organizations into the equation and approved a settlement to place $2 million in a trust for the performance of abortions and abortion referrals. In other words, they got money from the pro-lifers to enable the killing of unborn children.  This debate is all about human rights, I say to my friends, about child violence. We can mask it, we can sanitize it and we do. We do it quite well. We are Members of Congress. We are politicians. But the fact of the matter is that killing unborn children is violence against children, and dismemberment and chemical poisoning in no way can be construed to be a benign act. It kills babies. Look at the ultrasounds and the great progress that has been made in refining ultrasounds. Today you can see a baby in great detail before birth. The abortionist looks at that same reality--that same baby and kills that baby. I think it is to their credit that 86 percent of all the hospitals in America are all about lifesaving and nurturing and healing--they refuse to do abortions. They are not about killing babies. They are not about putting poisons into their amniotic sacs in order to procure a baby's death. They are not about dismembering the arms and the legs and the torso and the head--decapitation is commonplace in the abortion mills all over America, with 42 to 43 million dead babies and counting a horrific loss of life.  Now we see the abortion lobby, and NARAL makes it very clear, they have a plan when there are consolidations to make sure that these hospitals who are now pro-life, whether they are religiously affiliated or not, to provide abortions. NARAL says it very clearly on one of their websites and we know that this is part of an aggresive strategy, to expand abortions where they are absolutely not wanted. Babies are precious. Their mothers are precious. Let us promote lifesaving, nonviolent alternatives to abortion, not the enabling and the killing of babies.  Someday every Member who has been voting for abortion will rue the day. They will wake up in the middle of the night and say, how could I? Just like looking back in antiquity we look back and say how could people like Washington and Jefferson and others have had slaves? There was a blind spot then. There is a blind spot today. Abortion is violence against children. Brown enables it and expands it. Vote for the Bilirakis bill and against the Brown motion to recommit.  