I thank my friend for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule. Some of my colleagues were not here back in 1993 and 1994 when we debated the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act, which penalized pro-lifers in a way that was totally unfair and discriminatory, mandating ruinous lawsuits, criminal penalties and the like, for doing the same thing that some other nonviolent civil disobedient person might do. If you stood in front of an abortion clinic, you could have the book literally thrown at you, and do the same thing in front of NIH or somewhere else and have a whole different set of penalties. Today we are dealing with the same thing but an extension of that very, very wrongheaded and misguided piece of legislation.  In 1994, Chairman Sensenbrenner said this about the same language we are debating today:  ``Political protest has been at the forefront of social change. From the Boston Tea Party to the abolitionist movement, from the antiwar protests to the activism of the civil rights movement, civil disobedience has been an intimate part of our history. This is perhaps the first time in our Nation's history''--this is the second, today--``that those in the power have so openly sought to use the authority of government to broadly suppress the legitimate actions of a movement with which they do not agree. The legislation, FACE,'' which this makes it worse, you cannot discharge a civil complaint that has been brought against you, the penalty, ``sweeps with broad and heavy hand to target peaceful, nonviolent, constitutionally protected activities on the same terms as violent or forceful acts.''  Chairman Sensenbrenner had it right then. He went on to say that this was McCarthyism. What we are dealing with today, with all due respect, is McCarthyism. Much has been made about the Starr memo. Let me say this: The difference is if you are from PETA or some other organization where sit-ins and civil, nonviolent disobedience, where you get arrested, is part of the intent of what you want to do to bring a focus, and Martin Luther King certainly had intent when he protested and got arrested more than a dozen times or so. The fundamental issue here is that pro-lifers are treated differently. Under the FACE bill, ruinous lawsuits, extreme penalties are leveled against nonviolent protestors.  I urge a no on the rule.  