Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, as the prime sponsor of H.R. 3253, as amended, I rise to urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this vital legislation that will expand the role of the Department of Veterans Affairs in homeland security.  It may come as a surprise to many that the Department of Veterans Affairs operates the world's largest integrated health care network, with over 200,000 health care professionals, 163 medical centers, more than 800 outpatient clinics, 115 medical research programs, affiliations with over 100 schools of medicine, and a $25 billion budget annually.  Dedicated to providing health care to America's military veterans, the VA is now the Federal Government's leading provider of direct medical services, with over 4.5 million patients treated last year. From providing top-quality medical care to veterans to performing comprehensive cutting-edge research, such as for prosthetics and Alzheimer's disease, the VA health care system has become a unique national resource and a unique national treasure.  That is why we fought so hard to increase its health care budget for next year. With bipartisan support from our committee and with the leadership of the chairman of the Committee on the Budget, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Nussle); the conference Chair, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Watts); the majority whip, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay); the majority leader, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Armey); and our distinguished Speaker, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hastert), I am pleased to say that the budget that passed the House increased the VA discretionary health care funding by a record $2.8 billion for next year.  However, there are still too many people who do not understand the capabilities of the VA health care system. I know from extensive research and from personal experience during the anthrax crisis that the VA is ready, willing, and able to play a significant role in homeland security; but it is often overlooked.  When my post office in Hamilton Township, New Jersey, was attacked with anthrax, and is still closed, and many of the postal employees, in excess of 1,400 postal employees, were at risk of contracting that horrible disease, they were advised to take Cipro. The VA was there as a backup, ready to provide that life saving antibiotic. When I brought the VA's capabilities to the attention of the health commissioner. In New Jersey he was unaware of this important resource. I say with all respect to him, that this was a resource he could count on. And it shouldnot be that way. The VA should be much more integrated, and the knowledge of what the VA can do must be more widely utilized.  The Cipro was finally made available. Thankfully, at the last minute, the CDC came through and we were able to provide Cipro, which was lifesaving to so many. But, Mr. Speaker, the VA health care system must be an integral component of any homeland security strategy, especially on matters of biological, chemical, and radiological threats and terrorism.  In fact, the VA today does have some defined roles in both the National Disaster Medical System and the Federal Response Plan in the event of national emergencies. Among the VA's current specialized duties are conducting and evaluating disaster and terrorist attack simulation exercises; managing the Nation's stockpile for pharmaceuticals of biological and chemical toxins; maintaining a rapid response team for radiological releases; and training public and private EMS medical center personnel around the country and properly responding to biological, chemical, and radiological disasters.  Yet despite the VA's capacity and unique capabilities, their experience and their expertise in public health matters, it is almost routinely overlooked when it comes to discussions of homeland security, even those concerning bioterrorism, which is, I believe, just plain foolish and counterproductive.  Mr. Speaker, in the administration's budget submission, almost $6 billion was requested to address bioterrorism, including $2.4 billion for additional research; yet not $1 was earmarked for the Veterans Administration. A month ago, I would just say parenthetically, we asked Tom Ridge to come and appear before our committee. He used to be a member. And like he has with all the other committees, he declined to come. But he too needs to be more aware of the VA's unique capabilities in this terrorism war.  In fact, when we look at the administration's latest strategy document on homeland security, which can be found on their Web page, the VA is not even mentioned once. The VA can and must be asked to do more. That is why I introduced H.R. 3253, the legislation pending before the House.  H.R. 3253 will create four national medical preparedness centers to be operated by the VA, with at least one concentrating on biological threats, at least one on chemical, and one on radiological threats. In coordination with DOD, Health and Human Services, FEMA, CDC, the NIH, and other agencies or organizations with appropriate expertise, these centers would research and develop new methods to detect, diagnose, vaccinate, and treat potential victims of chemical, biological, and radiological terrorism.  The centers would serve both as direct research centers and as coordinating centers for ongoing and promising new research at other government agencies and research universities. Furthermore, these centers would serve as training resources for thousands of community hospitals that would be first responders to future bioterrorism attacks.  Let me also point out that when anthrax hit my area, I was amazed, I was deeply dismayed that there was no protocol that could be taken off the shelf to prescribe what the course that ought to be followed in the event this happened. CDC was flying by the seat of their collective pants. Some very good scientists from CDC and other government agencies were deployed to New Jersey, and I sat in on some of those meetings. At first, they said no cross-contamination can occur. And I said, have you ever seen an envelope go through the processing machines? It is almost a violent procedure as it makes its way through. If you put a highly refined powder, in this case a weapons grade anthrax powder, surely a cloud of dust containing those harmful contaminants are likely to escape.  Turns out, they did. A couple of weeks later, we found that other post offices were contaminated as well. Four of our area post offices were ``hot'' with Anthrax. My point? The experts need to move effectively work this issue, and we need to do it well in advance of any future contamination.  Again, when we look at the threats that are possible--perhaps probable, and how do we deal with them, how do the first responders deal with them, the question arise as to whether we have worked with the kind of focus that will protect first responders, employees and then the public at large.  Finally, let me just say that the centers would be charged with establishing state-of-the-art labs to help local health care authorities quickly determine the presence of dangerous biological and chemical toxins such as anthrax.  Mr. Speaker, I want to make it clear that H.R. 3253 calls for the cost of these new centers to be taken from additional funds provided to combat terrorism and not from already hard-pressed VA health care dollars. Mr. Speaker, there is ample precedent and experience within the VA for undertaking this expanded mission. The VA's extensive medical research programs are renowned for expertise in diagnosing and treating viral diseases with devastating health consequences, such as groundbreaking work on HIV and hepatitis C.  Just a couple months ago, Dr. Karl Hostetler and his VA colleagues in San Diego announced significant progress has been made on a new oral treatment for smallpox, one of the most deadly bio-terror threats confronting the world today.  Furthermore, the VA already operates two war-related illness centers tasked with developing specialized treatments for illnesses and injuries related to combat. In essence, these new national medical preparedness centers would work similarly to study illnesses and injuries most likely to come from a terrorist attack and develop new treatments and protocols to mitigate their dangers.  H.R. 3253 also contains important provisions from H.R. 3254, legislation authored by the chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Buyer), to require the VA to work with military physicians to develop and disseminate education and training programs on the medical responses to the consequences of terrorist activities. Under this provision, the VA would also disseminate training programs to health professions, students, graduate medical education trainees, and active health practitioners.  H.R. 3253 also contains an internal organizational provision proposed by the VA to add an additional Assistant Secretary for preparedness, security and law enforcement functions.  Mr. Speaker, in the ongoing war on terrorism, America must take every precaution to protect our citizens from all dangers and especially from biological, chemical, and radiological threats. H.R. 3253 is just one way, I think it is an important way, to use the existing strength of the VA in homeland security while continuing to meet its primary mission of providing care to our veterans.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  