Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 314, legislation recognizing the members of the AMVETS for their service to the Nation, and supporting the goals of AMVETS National Charter Day. I want to especially recognize and thank the prime sponsor of the legislation, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Grucci), for his fine work on this legislation, and for his very strong support of the many veterans bills that we have moved in this Congress.  From its origin in the middle of the World War II, Mr. Speaker, AMVETS has had a long and distinguished history of service to our Nation. They held their first national convention in Chicago in October of 1945; and just 2 years later, on July 23, 1947, President Harry Truman signed the AMVETS charter.  Originally organized for World War II veterans, AMVETS had their charter amended in 1966 to include veterans who served honorably during the Korean conflict and the Vietnam War and, again, in 1984 to include those who served honorably during peacetime as well.  From its humble origins, AMVETS has grown into a national organization with over 250,000 members, in addition to another 60,000 members of their ladies' auxiliary. As chairman of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I can attest to the important role that AMVETS plays in Washington in advocating stronger Federal policies for supporting veterans, their surviving spouses and dependents as well. Their legislative staff is among the finest, and they have played a key role in many important public policy debates. I know I can count on AMVETS for advice, counsel, and support as we continue developing national policies to benefit our veterans.  Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize and commend their national commander, Joseph Lipowski. He should be proud of the success AMVETS has achieved and continues to achieve, not just in Washington but also in communities across America. In addition to providing benefits and services to their fellow veterans, they also play an important role in the civic life of their communities.  Mr. Speaker, again, I urge strong support for passage of this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  