Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Pence), for yielding me this time, for taking out this time on this very important Special Order to look at the issue of cloning.  The gentleman from Florida (Mr. Weldon) certainly has been the leader of this historic legislation. He is the prime sponsor of the bill that passed in the House. It ought to be acted on in the other body as soon as possible for the sake of humanity, and for the sake of so many who would be injured irreparably by delay. Delay is denial, and I hope that Mr. Daschle and the leadership on the Senate side will rethink the dilatory tactics they have engaged in to preclude consideration of this important human rights legislation.  In the 21st century, bioethical issues, Mr. Speaker, really are the human rights issues, especially in Western democracies like the United States. I have spent 22 years working on human rights issues, including religious freedom and trafficking in persons. I was the prime sponsor of the antitrafficking legislation. Yesterday we had a day-long hearing on this scourge of human trafficking, which injures, hurts and ends in the rape of women; but in countries like the United States, where we have a sophisticated medical capability and a scientific capability, bioethical issues are really a human rights issue.  What we do for those prior to birth, those who are fragile, whether it be the issue of abortion or euthanasia or infanticide or, in this case cloning, we need to step up to the plate and not become enablers by inaction. We have become enablers of atrocities and human rights abuses. We cannot stand on the sidelines.  The gentleman from Florida (Mr. Weldon), our leadership especially, including Speaker Hastert and the rest of our leadership team, and a bipartisan, real healthy majority stepped up to the plate to pass this legislation, and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Pence) has been a real leader in this Congress on these human rights issues, especially as it relates to the sanctity of human life.  Mr. Speaker, just let me say that promoting human cloning for research is indeed shockingly shortsighted, and it lacks a moral basis. I understand the drive to cure debilitating diseases and to improve health care for those who are suffering, because I have been fighting for funding for disease cures for 22 years as a Member of Congress.  I would just note parenthetically, I am the co-chairman of the Autism Caucus, I am co-chairman of the Alzheimer's Caucus. As my good friend indicated earlier, I am chairman of the full Committee on Veterans' Affairs. Half of our budget, approximately, is dedicated to health care. We have a significant research budget that we try to use as wisely as possible to help our spinal cord-injured veterans and a whole host of other problems from post-traumatic stress disorder right on through.  Let me just say, having fought like the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Weldon) and so many others trying to find cures for Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, cancer, lung disease, asthma, spina bifida, autism and a host of other debilitating diseases, it is cruel, I would respectfully submit, it is utterly cruel to tell those who suffer from these diseases that somehow they will be cured through the making of a clone of themselves to cannibalize for parts.  It is also cruel to divert limited resources from promising, ethical adult and umbilical stem cell research to unethical, impractical human cloning research. There is only so much money available; and as the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Weldon) pointed out a moment ago, in the area of regenerative medicine, adult stem cells, embryonic, cord blood, these hold enormous promise that goes underutilized when we go on this fantasy of creating clones.  Again, embryonic stem cell research derived from clones is unethical. On the other hand, we have the promise of real breakthroughs and then real application, as we are already doing with adult stem cells and umbilical cord stem cells. This research has no ethical baggage. These provide cures, they provide hope, and they provide rehabilitation and regenerative capabilities.  Mr. Speaker, human cloning is not just a slippery slope. It is indeed stepping off a moral cliff. If our government approved human cloning for research, it would be the first time we would sanction the special creation of human life for the sole purpose of destroying it. Not only would we be sanctioning human cloning, we would also have a law that would require the death of those human clones, whether it be at 5 days or 14 days or whatever new arbitrary line would be drawn.  Human cloning represents the commodification and eventual commercialization of human life, and it would create a class of human beings who exist not as ends in themselves, like all of us, but as a means to achieve the ends of others. A law that promotes human cloning for research is worse, far worse than no bill at all.  Once stockpiles of cloned human embryos are created for research, how realistic will it be really to have an implementation ban? Not only is allowing research cloning immoral, it would also not work. We do not fight the war on drugs by telling the public to manufacture as much cocaine as possible, pile it up in warehouses, but make sure to destroy it before anyone can smoke it or inhale it. If anyone suggested that strategy on the floor of the House, they would be criticized from here to breakfast; but that is exactly what the proponents of human cloning for research are advocating, and with a straight face. In addition, they are not talking about how these human embryo forms would be created.  Human embryos, if my colleagues read ``Brave New World'' and can look at the Orwellian visions we have had in the past, they can happen and will happen if the gentleman from Florida's (Mr. Weldon) historic legislation is not enacted and enacted soon.  The clock is running out on this, and I just want to say and reiterate what the good doc said a moment ago about the negative impact that this will have on women. If, as the proponents of research cloning claim happens, they will someday be able to cure human beings, which we do not think will happen, but say it does happen, we will see more drugs being used, super-ovulating drugs, to promote this egg harvesting.  I want to reiterate what the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Weldon) has on his plaque up there which was from, ``Our Bodies, Ourselves for the New Century,'' and it was written by a woman who does not agree with me or many of us on the pro-life issue of the right to life of the unborn, but she points out, Judy Norsigian, ``Because embryo cleaning will compromise women's health, turn their eggs and wombs into commodities, compromise their reproductive autonomy and, with virtual certainty, lead to the production of `experimental' human beings, we are convinced that the line must be drawn here.''  She has joined us, as the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Weldon) pointed out, a number of other people who have never supported a pro-life piece of legislation to cross the line and say, wait a minute, time out, we are not going to go across that Orwellian line and manufacture human beings for the sole purpose of destroying them and then cannibalizing their remains.  This is important human rights legislation that the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Weldon) has introduced, has gotten passed in the House with a bipartisan majority of both sides. We have got to pass it soon; and again, I call on the Senate, do not be enablers ofhuman rights abuses. We have got to find a way of getting this legislation down to President Bush. He has already signaled clearly and unmistakably, most recently in a White House ceremony, that he will sign this in a heartbeat. We have got to do this for the next generation and for the generations to come.  