 President, since our Nation's founding, the idea of a strong public education for every child has been part of the fabric of America. In the late 1770s, Thomas Jefferson introduced a bill in Virginia that outlined his plan for public schooling. At the time he wrote: ``By far the most important bill in our whole code is that for the diffusion of knowledge among the people.''  Jefferson knew that educating children would strengthen our country. That is still true today. Today a good education can provide a ticket to the middle class. When all students have the chance to learn, we strengthen our future workforce and our economy. But nearly everyone today agrees that the current education law--No Child Left Behind--is badly broken.  The bipartisan bill we are debating on the floor today--the Every Child Achieves Act--is a strong step in the right direction to finally fix that law, and it will help continue our Nation's tradition of making sure all students have access to a quality public education.  Some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are interested in voucherizing the public school system. Instead of investing in our public school system, they want to send Federal resources to private schools. That would be a major step backward. Vouchers undermine the basic goals of public education by allowing funding that is designated for our most at-risk students to be rerouted to private schools. I urge my colleagues to oppose any attempt to use Federal education funds for private school vouchers.  I strongly oppose vouchers for several reasons. For one, vouchers divert much-needed resources away from our public schools and reroute them to private and religious schools. Today public schools across our country, and particularly those schools with high concentrations of students in poverty, need more funding, not less. We can't afford to send scarce Federal resources away from our public schools to benefit private schools.  Secondly, vouchers would send Federal taxpayer dollars to private schools that are in no way accountable to the public. Proposals to create vouchers do not require private schools to adopt strong academic standards or provide students with disabilities the same services they have in public schools. Unlike public schools, private schools do not need to serve all of our students. There is no guarantee that private schools would make sure students have access to State-licensed teachers, and they would not administer the same assessments as public schools, which would diminish our accountability of Federal tax dollars.  I can tell you, as a former school board member, when people in my community were unhappy with how their taxpayer dollars were spent, they would find me in the grocery store, at the school board meeting or call me at home at night. But if Federal tax dollars go to private schools, there is no elected official that a public citizen can call and say: I don't like how you are spending our tax dollars, and I want you to look at this.  Many of our colleagues today demand evidence and accountability in other programs. I hope they do it in education as well. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle like to argue that vouchers create options for students and families. Well, that might be true for students of more affluent families, but vouchers don't provide a real choice for the overwhelming majority of students. Vouchers might cover some but usually not all of the tuition of a private school. In some cases a voucher would make just a small dent in the full cost of a private school. That would enable students from more affluent families the ability to afford private schools because they personally have the means to make up the difference. But students from low-income backgrounds would still be priced out of that choice.  Vouchers only provide the illusion of choice to students from low-income backgrounds, and it is those low-income students who ultimately lose out when funds are siphoned away from the public schools that they attend. Perhaps the most important reason I oppose private-school vouchers is because they do not improve student achievement. Study after study has shown that vouchers do not pay out for students or for taxpayers.  In 2012 researchers compared students enrolled in Milwaukee's voucher program compared with students inMilwaukee's public schools. The researchers found little evidence that the voucher program increased the achievement of participating students.  The District of Columbia's voucher program has gone through four congressionally mandated studies from the Department of Education. Each of those studies concluded that the program did not significantly improve reading or math achievement, and that program came at the cost of funding that could have helped improve local public schools.  There are a number of reasons to oppose any amendment that redirects Federal funds to private schools. Public schools already have to deal with scarce Federal resources. This would exasperate the problem. Private schools would not be accountable for the Federal taxpayer dollars they get. Vouchers do very little to expand choices for low-income families. Finally, as I said, studies have shown that vouchers do not increase student achievement.  An amendment to allow public funds--taxpayer dollars--to flow to private schools would be a step in the wrong direction. I strongly urge our colleagues to oppose any amendment that works to voucherize any of our Federal dollars.  I believe that real improvement in student achievement comes when our teachers and school leaders have the resources they need to help our students succeed. We have to work together to strengthen our public school system, not dismantle it.  I hope we can continue our bipartisan work together--we have done well--to help ensure all students have access to a quality public education regardless of where they live or how they learn or how much money they make. That should be our mission.  I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor.  