President, I rise today to introduce the Homelessness Assistance Funding Fairness Act. I introduce this bill in conjunction with my House colleague, Congressman John Baldacci, who is sponsoring a companion bill in the House. Congressman Baldacci and I have been working on issues involving the homeless for some time, in our attempt to devise an approach that will distribute federal funds more equitably and effectively.  Congress has taken important steps to begin to address the root causes of homelessness in America. Some of the most important are the Continuum of Care programs which provide grants that link neighborhood partnerships and community services with shelter. The goal of Continuum of Care programs is self-sufficiency for people who are homeless, an approach that goes well-beyond the ``band aid'' solutions of yesteryear which provided the homeless only a bed for the night. Continuum of Care programs support treatment and counseling programs in conjunction with shelter, recognizing the hard reality that many homeless people must overcome serious substance abuse, addiction, and mental health problems before a life of permanent housing and stability is possible.  Under the leadership of VA-HUD Appropriations Subcommittee Chairman Bond, Congress has recognized the great importance of Continuum of Care programs, and has risen to the challenge to provide this broad spectrum of care by appropriating $975 million last year for homeless assistance grants, a large portion of which are Continuum of Care grants.  Although the strategy behind the Continuum of Care grant programs has been saluted for its logic, the Department of Housing and Urban Development's administration of the competitive award process that allocates this funding has not been similarly celebrated.  The unfortunate experience of the State of Maine last year is illustrative of the problems in the distribution of funding. Maine submitted two Continuum of Care grant applications in 1998, one to address the needs of the City of Portland, and another to serve the needs of much of the remainder of the state.  In December 1998, HUD announced the Continuum of Care grant recipients and Maine was shocked to learn the State would receive no funding through the grant process. After some investigation, my office determined that the scores for both the Maine applications were within two points of a passing grade. Nevertheless, Continuum of Care HUD homeless assistance funding distributed to Maine went from $3.7 million to zero, despite the fact that in 1998 Secretary Cuomo had awarded programs which received funding through the Continuum of Care program the ``best practices'' award of excellence.  Following a vigorous public campaign by Maine residents, and the repeated intervention of Maine's congressional delegation, HUD provided a small portion of the original request to the City of Portland outside the competitive process. The money, though welcomed, was far from enough to allow Portland to meet the needs of its homeless population.  The human cost of this bureaucratic determination is immense. In light of the ongoing needs of the homeless in Maine, as well the often harsh weather conditions in our region of the country, HUD's decision was particularly troubling.  The experience of the state of Maine has convinced me not only of the critical need for funding of these projects, but also of the need to re-evaluate the process for distributing these funds. No state should be wholly shut out of the funding award process, because it is an unfortunate reality that all states have homeless people with significant needs.  In response to the unfortunate experience of the State of Maine last year, the legislation I am proposing specifically directs the Department of Housing and Urban Development to provide a minimum percentage of Continuum of Care competitive grant funding to each state. This will create a safety net for the homeless of each state, without ending the competitive process that recognizes programs of special merit or need. My legislation also directs HUD to distribute this funding to a state's priority programs should the state only receive this mandatory minimum.  This legislation is not only driven by basic questions of fairness to all states, but by the significant and often forgotten needs of homeless people living in rural America.  The problem of homelessness is often mischaracterized as an exclusive problem of urban areas. However, homelessness in Maine, and in many rural communities across our country, is a large and growing problem. From 1993 to 1996, Maine experienced an increase in its homeless population of almost 20%--it is estimated that more than 14,000 people are homeless in my home state today. In a state of only 1.2 million people, this is a troubling percentage of the population.  A recent article in the Christian Science Monitor perhaps said it best: ``If the urban homeless are faceless and nameless. . . then the rural homeless are practically invisible.'' However, Mr. President, that does not mean they do not exist. Unlike homeless individuals in urban areas who are seen on busy streets everyday, rural individuals living in poverty often subsist in relative isolation.  The 27,000 Maine households with incomes of less than $6,000 annually teeter on a shadowy brink where income cannot guarantee shelter. When fortune turns sour, it is these families who find themselves without decent shelter. When substance abuse or mental illness afflicts the parents, the likelihood of homelessness escalates. Indeed, in Maine, 24 percent of visitors to Maine homeless shelters are families with children.  The problem of providing services to homeless people is compounded by many challenges. In some areas of Maine, geographic isolation is the most critical obstacle to receipt of services; in others, rising housing costs makes obtaining housing exceedingly difficult for the marginally employed. Both these circumstances are compounded by the significant substance abuse and mental health problems prevalent among the homeless population in Maine as in all areas of the country.  I am proud to say that the people of Maine have developed many innovative programs to assist our homeless population. Through programs like the Bangor Area Homeless Shelter, which fills the immediate needs of outreach, shelter and counseling to area homeless, and more long term programs like Shalom House, which provides services and shelter for the mentally ill, the Preble Street Resource Center, which provides job training, social services and medical care among its many services, and the YWCA, which provides programs to assist teen age moms, Mainers have worked hard to reach out and assist those in need and to provide effective care and outreach for Maine's homeless people.  I recently had the opportunity to visit with the staff and clients of a shelter in Alfred, Maine, that is making a real difference in the lives of homeless men and women. As one man who has battled both severe alcoholism and mental illness told me, ``The people at this shelter saved my life. Without their help, I'd be dead on the street. But now, I can see a future for myself.'' Significantly, 90 percent of the homeless people served by this York County Shelter face serious problems with substance abuse or mental illness.  These programs, and others like them, depend on federal funding, and its unexpected loss last year has left my state scrambling to make up for this serious shortfall. I hope you will join me in supporting this legislation that will prevent other states from facing this same misfortune. All states deserve at least a minimum percentage of homeless funding available through the Continuum of Care grants, because no state has yet solved the problems faced by its homeless men, women and children.  