President, I thank the assistant majority leader.  The goal of any patients' rights legislation should be to resolve disputes about coverage, about access to treatment upfront when the care is needed, not months or even years later in a courtroom. That is a fundamental difference between the bill supported by Senator Kennedy and the proposal that we have advanced.  Our legislation would accomplish this goal by creating a strong internal and external review process. If a patient or a physician is unhappy with an HMO's decision, the patient or the provider can appeal it internally for a review. If they are unhappy with the review decision, the internal review, they have the right for a free and quick review by an external panel. The goal of our legislation is to ensure that people get the treatment they have been promised.  Moreover, the decision of the outside reviewers is binding on the health plan but not on the patient. If the patient is still not satisfied, he or she retains the right to sue in Federal or State court for attorneys' fees, court costs, value of the benefit, and injunctive relief.  Our bill places treatment decisions in the hands of physicians, not trial lawyers. If your HMO denies you the treatment your doctor believes is medically necessary, you should not have to resort to a costly and lengthy court battle to get the care you need. You should not have to hire a lawyer and file an expensive lawsuit to get treatment.  Our approach contrasts with the approach taken in the measure offered by Senator Kennedy. Their approach, which I do not support, would encourage patients to sue health care plans. You just can't sue your way to quality health care. We want to solve the problems upfront, when the care is needed, not months or even years later, after the harm has occurred.  According to the GAO, it takes an average of 33 months to resolve medical malpractice cases. This does nothing to ensure a patient's right to timely and appropriate care. Moreover, patients only receive 43 cents out of every dollar awarded in malpractice cases. The rest winds up in the pockets of trial lawyers and the administrators of court and insurance systems.  Suing is not the answer. The answer is having a fair, free, and prompt appeals process that gets patients the care they need, the care they were promised before harm can be done.  I recently met with a group of Maine employers who expressed their very serious concerns about the Kennedy proposal to expand liability for health plans and employers. One of these employers was Bowdoin College in Brunswick, ME. I want to talk briefly about Bowdoin's experience.  They moved to a self-funded plan in order to improve the coverage provided to their employees. They now provide an annual physical, low-cost prescription coverage, and well-baby care. But they told me that if the Democrats' proposal to expand liability goes through, it would seriously jeopardize their ability to offer affordable coverage for their employees. They would return to the insurance market and to a plan less favorable to their employees.  I thank the assistant majority leader for yielding the additional minute. I yield back my time to the assistant majority leader.  