President, I am pleased to be a coauthor of the Independent Counsel Reform Act of 1999. At the outset, let me express my deep appreciation to Senators Specter, Lieberman, and Levin for the bipartisan spirit in which they approached the task of drafting this important legislation. Legislation of this complexity, which must balance innumerable competing but important interests, is never easy to achieve. This is particularly true when the legislation--as is the case in this bill--touches on political nerves that are still raw and fresh.  We have worked very hard to achieve legislation that I believe truly serves the public interest while correcting the significant flaws in the current law.  Supporting the reauthorization of the Independent Counsel Act is not likely to win this bipartisan group much applause from the Clinton administration or congressional partisans on either side of the aisle. Many of our colleagues say let it die. However, I caution my colleagues against short memories. We should not forget what prompted passage of this legislation more than two decades ago and its reauthorization three times since then.  The Congress that passed the independent counsel law after Watergate wanted to assure the public that there were institutional guarantees that would never again allow the political leadership of the Justice Department to obstruct a criminal investigation of the President and the highest Government officials in the land. Their concern was not abstract or based on conjecture. The Justice Department, indeed, the Attorney General himself was implicated in the coverup of criminal acts by the incumbent administration.  Do we think it couldn't happen again? Clearly, unfortunately, it could.  The fact is, there will always be cases in which the Attorney General has anactual or an apparent conflict of interest. The Attorney General simply cannot credibly conduct an extensive investigation and make prosecutorial decisions involving his or her boss, the President, the Vice President, or colleagues in the Cabinet. We must have an institutional mechanism that assures the public that allegations of serious criminal conduct by high level officials will be thoroughly investigated and, if necessary, prosecuted.  Only by resorting to a prosecutor beyond the actual and perceived control of the administration can the public be assured that impartial justice extends to the most influential and powerful leaders of our land. Moreover, the independent counsel law fosters public confidence in the decision not to prosecute high level Government officials. A Government official who has been investigated but cleared by an independent counsel can justifiably and with credibility reclaim his or her public reputation. Political opponents cannot reasonably claim that the official escapes scrutiny and punishment by pulling political strings at the Justice Department.  We should keep in mind that the majority of the independent counsel over the past two decades have conducted prompt and cost-effective investigations that resulted in decisions not to prosecute or indict the official accused of the criminal wrongdoing. Can there be any doubt that the political credibility of these decisions was enhanced significantly because the prosecutor had no political or financial connections to the target or other members of the administration? If we return these important decisions to the Justice Department, I fear we will encourage public skepticism of decisions not to prosecute. There will always be a cloud of suspicion tainting the decision.  The need for the independent counsel mechanism is as evident today as it was back in 1978, when the law was first enacted. We have learned much from our experience with the law. It is flawed. It needs significant reform. That is just what the legislation we are introducing today would do.  Though I strongly believe we should reauthorize the Independent Counsel Act, I am mindful of its many shortcomings. I participated in an excellent series of hearings chaired by my colleague from Tennessee, Senator Thompson, and virtually every witness agreed that the law must be changed.  The legislation we are introducing today takes significant steps to rein in the length and the cost of independent counsel investigations. It limits all independent counsel investigations to a maximum of 2 years and only allows the investigation to proceed for additional 1-year periods upon a special showing to the court. It requires independent counsel to serve full time and to submit annual budgets to the General Accounting Office.  We substantially limit the number of covered officials under the act, limiting coverage to only the President, the Vice President, the Cabinet, and the President's chief of staff. By limiting the coverage of the law, we have reserved the extraordinary remedy of an independent counsel for those high-level officials who will always, by virtue of their position, pose a conflict of interest to the Justice Department.  We make many other changes. We heighten the threshold for the appointment of an independent counsel, and we make clear that an independent counsel must follow the prosecutorial guidelines of the Department of Justice.  We also abolish the requirement for independent counsel to report impeachable conduct to the House of Representatives. We have come up with a bill that would preserve this important mechanism while correcting the serious flaws in the current act.  Let me conclude by again recognizing the efforts of my distinguished colleagues and applaud them for their leadership on this important issue. My hope is that the rest of our colleagues will take advantage of this opportunity to remedy the weaknesses in the independent counsel law before the next unfortunate and inevitable crisis occurs and the public is left doubting whether it can have confidence that the laws of this country will be enforced impartially, without regard to rank or privilege.  I thank the Chair.  