Unbelievable though it may seem, the formula that is being used actually penalizes those agencies in our two States that have done a good job of holding down costs. It rewards those home health agencies that have provided the most visits, that have spent the most Medicare dollars. It is totally backwards. In fact, home health agencies in our two regions of the country, the Northeast and the Midwest, are among those that have been particularly hard hit by this inexplicable formula, the IPS, that the Senator just mentioned.  The Wall Street Journal observed last year--this could be said of agencies in the Midwest as well--that if New England had just been a little greedier, its home health agencies would be a whole lot better off now. Ironically, the regions, yours and mine, are getting clobbered by the system because they have had a tradition of nonprofit community service and efficiency.  Even more troubling--and I commend the Senator from Kansas for his leadership on this issue; I know this troubles him as well--is the fact the flawed system is restricting access to care for the very senior citizens who need the care the most. Those are our seniors who are the sicker patients, who have complex chronic care needs, such as diabetic wound care patients whom I visited in northern Maine during a home health care visit, or IV therapy patients who require multiple visits. Indeed, according to a recent survey by the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, almost 40 percent of home health agencies have said there are patients who they no longer serve due to the flawed interim payment system and the regulatory overkill on the part of the Clinton administration.  I show the distinguished Senator from Kansas and the distinguished Presiding Officer, who is also committed to this issue, and my other colleagues, a chart that demonstrates the dramatic impact the IPS, this flawed payment system, has had in my own State of Maine.  As you can see, the number of Medicare beneficiaries who have been served by home health care agencies has dropped dramatically. It has dropped by 13 percent, from 49,458 to 42,858; 6,600 senior and disabled citizens in my State have lost their access to home health care services in 1 year. This is so troubling to me. The number of visits has plummeted by more than 420,000, and reimbursements to our home health agencies have dropped by an astounding $20 million in a year. Keep in mind that Maine has some of the least costly home health care agencies in the country. They have been very prudent in their use of resources. They were low cost to begin with. So when this formula went into effect, it put such a squeeze on them, they had no choice but to close offices, lay off staff, and stop serving some of the most vulnerable, ill senior citizens in my State.  The point is, cuts of this magnitude, that we have seen in the State of Maine and throughout the country, cannot be sustained without hurting senior citizens.  