President, there is growing unease across this Nation about the changes in how we receive our health care, which has prompted the current debate on managed care. People worry, if they or their loved ones become ill, that their HMO may deny them coverage and force them to accept either inadequate care or financial ruin--or perhaps even both. They believe vital decisions affecting their lives will be made not by a supportive family doctor but by an unfeeling bureaucracy.  All Members agree that medically necessary patient care should never be sacrificed to the bottom line and that health care decisions should be in the hands of medical professionals, not in the hands of insurance accountants.  We do, however, face an extremely delicate balancing act as we attempt to respond to concerns without resorting to unduly burdensome Federal controls and mandates that will further drive up the costs of health insurance and cause some people to lose their coverage altogether. That is the crux of this entire debate.  I am very alarmed by recent reports that American employers everywhere, from giant multinational corporations to the small corner store, are facing huge hikes in their medical insurance coverage for their employees, averaging over 8 percent, and sometimes soaring to 20 percent or more. This is a remarkable contrast to the past few years when premiums rose less than 3 percent, if at all.  We know for a fact that increasing health insurance premiums cause significant losses in coverage. That is the primary reason why I am so opposed to the approach offered by the Senator from Massachusetts. Even if we discard CBO's previous estimate that the Kennedy bill would increase premiums by 6.1 percent and accept the newly revised estimate of 4.8 percent, the fact is the CBO score for the Democratic bill is six times higher than the cost for the bill we are proposing.  Moreover, the Lewin Associates, in a study for the AFL-CIO, has estimated that for every 1-percent increase in premiums, we are jeopardizing the insurance coverage of as many as 300,000 Americans. Based on these projections, the passage of the Kennedy legislation could result in the loss of coverage for more than 1.4 million Americans. That is more than the population of the entire State of Maine. This is a significant cost.  If you look at the CBO estimate of the revised Kennedy bill, CBO estimates it will impose additional costs to the private sector of nearly $41 billion over the next 5 years. That is a cost that is going to cause employers to drop insurance altogether or employees to be unable to pay their share of the premium. At a time when the number of uninsured Americans, unfortunately, is increasing with every year, we should be acting to decrease the number of uninsured Americans, not impose costly new burdens that are going to cause some of the most vulnerable working Americans to lose their coverage altogether.  Our approach, on the other hand, provides the key protections that consumers need and want without causing costs to soar. It applies these protections responsibly, where they are needed. Our legislation does not preempt, but rather builds upon the good work the States have done in the area of patients' rights and protections. States have had the primary responsibility for the regulation of health insurance since the 1940s. As someone who has worked in State government for 5 years overseeing a Bureau of Insurance, I know State regulators and State legislators have done an excellent job of responding to the needs and concerns of their citizens.  Let me give you just a few examples. Mr. President, 47 States have already passed laws prohibiting gag clauses that restrict communications between patients and their doctors; 40 States have requirements for emergency care; all 50 States have requirements for grievance procedures; 36 require direct access to an obstetrician or a gynecologist.  The States have acted, without any prod or mandate from Washington, to protect health care consumers. That is why the National Association of Insurance Commissioners supports the approach we have taken in our bill.  In a March letter to the chairman of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, the NAIC pointed out:       It is our belief that states should and will continue the      efforts to develop creative, flexible, market-sensitive      protections for health consumers in fully insured plans, and      Congress should focus attention on those consumers who have      no protections in self-funded ERISA plans.  That is exactly the approach we have taken. Currently, Federal law prohibits States from regulating the self-funded, employer-sponsored health plans that cover 48 million Americans. Our legislation is intended to protect the unprotected. We would extend many of the same rights and protections to these consumers and their families that those in State-regulated plans already enjoy.  For the first time they will be guaranteed the right to talk freely and openly with their doctors about their treatment options. We would ban the gag clauses. They will be guaranteed coverage for emergency room care that a ``prudent layperson'' would deem medically necessary without prior authorization. They will be able to see a pediatrician or an OB/GYN without a referral from their plan's ``gatekeeper.'' They will have the option of seeing a doctor who is not part of the HMO's network. They will be guaranteed access to nonformulary drugs when it is medically necessary. They will have an assurance of continuity of care if their health plan terminates its contract with their doctor or hospital.  The opponents of our legislation contend that the Federal Government should simply preempt the States' patient protection laws unless they are virtually identical to what the Federal Government would require. But the States' approaches to these patient protections vary widely. For example, States may have emergency requirements, but not exactly the same standard that the Democrats in Senator Kennedy's bill would impose on everyone. States that have already acted in this area would have to make extensive changes to their laws, if they are forced to comply with the one-size-fits-all model.  Moreover, what if the State has made an affirmative decision not to act in one of these areas? What if the bill failed in the legislature or was vetoed by the Governor? Let me give you a recent example from my State. Maine law requires plans to allow direct access to ob/gyn care--without a referral from the primary care physician--but only for an annual visit. Maine also requires plans to allow ob/gyns to serve as the primary care provider. Our State Legislature recently decided that the current provisions provide sufficient protection and rejected a bill that would have expanded the direct accessprovision, primarily out of concern that it would drive up premium costs. I would note that this decision was made by a legislature controlled by the Democratic Party. In cases like these, the Kennedy proposal for a one-size-fits-all model would be a clear pre-emption of State authority.  Other provisions of our bill provide new protections for millions more Americans. A key provision of our bill builds upon the existing regulatory framework under ERISA to give all 124 million Americans in employer-sponsored plans assurance that they will get the care that they need when they need it. The legislation will enhance current ERISA information disclosure requirements and penalties and strengthen existing requirements for coverage determinations, grievances and appeals, including the addition of a new requirement for independent, external review.  All 124 million Americans in employer-sponsored plans will be entitled to clear and complete information about their health plan--about what it covers and does not cover, about any cost-sharing requirements, and about the plan's providers. Helping patients understand their coverage before they need to use it will help to avoid coverage disputes later.  The goal of any patients' rights legislation should be to resolve disputes about coverage up front, when the care is needed, not months or even years later in a court room.  Our bill would accomplish this goal by creating a strong internal and an independent external review process. First, patients or doctors who are unhappy with an HMO's decision could appeal it internally through a review conducted by individuals with ``appropriate expertise'' who were not involved in the initial decision. Moreover, this review would have to be conducted by a physician if the denial is based on a determination that the service is not medically necessary or is an experimental treatment. Patients could expect results from this review within 30 days, or 72 hours in cases when delay poses a serious risk to the patient's life or health.  Patients turned down by this internal review would then have the right to a free, external review by medical experts who are completely independent of the health plan. This review must be completed within 30 days--and even faster in a medical emergency or when the delay would be detrimental to the patient's health. Moreover, the decision of these outside reviewers is binding on the health plan, but not on the patient. If the patient is not satisfied, he or she retains the right to sue in federal or state court for attorneys' fees, court costs, the value of the benefit and injunctive relief.  Our bill places treatment decisions in the hands of doctors, not lawyers. If your HMO denies you treatment that your doctor believes is medically necessary, you should not have to resort to a costly and lengthy court battle to get the care you need. You should not have to hire a lawyer and file an expensive lawsuit to get the treatment.  Our approach contrasts with the approach taken in the measure offered by Senators Daschle and Kennedy that would encourage patients to sue health plans. I do not support Senator Kennedy's approach. You just can't sue your way to quality health care.  We would solve problems up front, when the care is needed, not months or even years later after the harm has occurred. According to the GAO, it takes an average of 33 months to resolve malpractice cases. This does nothing to ensure a patient's right to timely and appropriate care. Moreover, patients only receive 43 cents out of every dollar awarded in malpractice cases. The rest winds up in the pockets of trial lawyers and administrators of the court and insurance systems.  I met with a group of Maine employers who expressed their serious concerns about the Kennedy proposal to expand liability for health plans and employers. The Assistant Director for Human Resources at Bowdoin College talked about how moving to a self-funded, ERISA plan enabled them to continue to offer affordable coverage to Bowdoin employees when premiums for their fully-insured plan skyrocketed in the late 1980s. Since they self-funded, they have actually been able to lower premiums for their employees, while, at the same time, enhance their benefit package with such features as well-baby care, free annual physicals, and prescription drug cards with low copayments. They told me that the Democrats' proposal to expand liability seriously jeopardizes their ability to offer affordable coverage for their employees. Similar concerns were expressed by the Maine Municipal Association, L.L. Bean, Bath Iron Works, and other responsible Maine employers.  And finally, our amendment will make health insurance more affordable by allowing self-employed individuals to deduct the full amount of their health care premiums. Establishing parity in the tax treatment of health insurance costs between the self-employed and those working for large businesses is a matter of basic equity, and it will also help to reduce the number of uninsured, but working, Americans. It will make health insurance more affordable for the 82,000 people in Maine who are self-employed. They include our lobstermen, our hairdressers, our electricians, our plumbers, and the many owners of mom-and-pop stores that dot communities throughout my state.  Mr. President, I believe that this amendments strikes the right balance as we effectively address concerns about quality and choice without resorting to unduly burdensome federal controls and mandates that will further drive up costs and cause some Americans to lose their health insurance altogether, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting it.  