While we are waiting for these last-minute glitches to be resolved, I want to take this opportunity to respond to some of the comments made by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle this morning.  I am disappointed in some of the process, and I do not support all of the provisions of the omnibus appropriations bill which we will consider later this day, but I very much disagree with the assertions made by some of my colleagues on the other side of the aislethat we have not accomplished anything during this Congress. We have, in fact, accomplished a great deal of which we can be proud. Rather than engaging in harsh partisan rhetoric, we should be coming together in these final hours of this session to celebrate what we have done for the American people.  First of all, I think we can take great pride in the accomplishment that we will be producing a balanced budget for the first time in decades, one which does not raid the Social Security trust fund. This is a tremendous accomplishment and it establishes a new milestone in fiscal responsibility. It has been the Republican caucus that has held firm in their determination to prevent one penny of the Social Security trust fund from being diverted to support expensive new unrelated Government programs. We have succeeded. We have kept that commitment. We have fulfilled our obligation to the senior citizens of this country. For the first time in 30 years, the Congress has produced a balanced budget which will result in a surplus that does not rely on funds from the Social Security trust fund. The raid on the Social Security trust fund has been stopped cold.  I give a great deal of credit to Senator Domenici, to Senator Stevens, to Senator Abraham, and to all colleagues in the Republican caucus who have united in their determination to secure the Social Security trust fund for our seniors and for future generations. That is an accomplishment of which we can be proud.  Second, I am delighted the omnibus appropriations bill includes what has been my highest priority in the last few months and that is to restore some of the unintended cuts made by the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 as well as by onerous regulations imposed by the Clinton administration that have impaired the ability of our rural hospitals, our home health care agencies, and our nursing homes to provide much needed quality health care to our Nation's senior citizens.  The Presiding Officer has been an early supporter of legislation that I have introduced to provide financial relief to our distressed home health care agencies. America's home health care agencies allow our senior citizens and our disabled citizens to receive the health care where they want it, in the security and the privacy of their own homes. Unfortunately, under the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, and exacerbated by misguided policies of the Clinton administration, America's home health agencies have found their ability to provide this care has been jeopardized. This care is so important to our Nation's senior citizens, particularly those who are living in rural areas of our country where access to home health care may spell the difference between staying in their own homes and having to travel many miles to receive health care.  Unfortunately, since cutbacks in home health care have gone into effect, there has been a devastating impact on the senior citizens of our country. Let me use the example of the State of Maine. As you can see, in just a year's time, more than 6,000 Maine senior citizens have lost their access to home care. In fact, it is 6,600 Maine seniors who have lost their access to home health care. The number of home health care visits in Maine has declined by more than 420,000. Reimbursements to Maine's home health agencies have declined in a year's time by more than $20 million.  Maine's home health agencies have had a long tradition of providing low-cost compassionate care. We are not talking about home health agencies that were in any way abusing the system, making too many visits, or overbilling Medicare. We are talking about home health agencies that were cost effective and efficient, providing quality low-cost care throughout the State of Maine.  I have visited with many of these seniors who have lost access to home health care. One was a retired priest in my hometown of Caribou, ME. He relied on his home health services and has now had to dig deeply into his savings to provide for the care out of his own pocket because Medicare is no longer providing the services he needs.  In another case, I visited an elderly couple in rural Maine who were able to stay together in their own home rather than go into a nursing home because of the valuable services provided by home health care nurses. The woman in this case was severely diabetic. She was confined to a wheelchair and had a wound that was not healing. It was home health care nurses who came three times a week to clean the wound, to change the dressing, to take care of her other health care needs. Home health care allowed her and her elderly husband to stay together in their golden years.  It is that kind of service which has made such a difference to the quality of life of our senior citizens, and it was that kind of service which has been so jeopardized by the ill-advised Clinton administration regulations and the unintended consequences of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997.  The legislation I introduced was a bipartisan bill. It was cosponsored by more than 30 of my colleagues, to reverse these unintended consequences. The Balanced Budget Remedies Act that is included in the omnibus appropriations bill does not go as far as I would like, frankly, but it is a good and necessary first step. I commend the chairman of the Finance Committee, Senator Roth, as well as Senator Moynihan, for working with us to come up with legislation that we can enact to ensure our senior citizens do not lose access to much needed health care.  That is also a very important bill to our rural hospitals. In our hospitals, in States such as Maine, we have been suffering from the cutbacks that jeopardize their ability to provide care. These hospitals, in most cases, are the only hospital in the community. If they are forced to close because of unfair and inadequate reimbursements from Medicare, it will devastate the communities. It will leave many of our senior citizens and others in the community without access to health care at all when they become ill and need hospitalization.  One of the features of the cutbacks in home health care troubles me. I wonder what has become of these nearly 7,000 Maine citizens. In some cases they have been forced to pay for the care themselves. Many of the seniors in Maine simply cannot afford that kind of out-of-pocket expense. They are living on Social Security, on limited incomes. They already have a very difficult time affording their prescription drugs. Some of them have become sicker because they have lost their access to home health care and have prematurely been forced into nursing homes or have been subject to repeated hospitalization which would have been avoided had the home health care services been provided. The irony and the wrongheaded effect of this policy is we are probably going to end up paying more for the care for these senior citizens who have lost access to their home health care because hospitalization and nursing home care is so much more expensive than home health care. Surely this has been a shortsighted policy.  I am pleased this legislation is going to take the first steps we need to provide much needed financial relief to our Nation's home health care agencies, our rural hospitals, and our nursing homes. It is going to make a real difference. There is much else that is very valuable in this legislation for our Nation's families. Not only our senior citizens but our children are going to benefit from this legislation.  When you hear the rhetoric in this Chamber about education, you would think that somehow there has been an attempt to slash education funding. Nothing could be further from the truth. In fact, the Republican Senate increased--increased, Mr. President--education spending by $500 million beyond what was requested by President Clinton in his budget.  The increase also represents a substantial hike in spending for education programs over last year's spending levels. In fact, the legislation we are about to consider increases education spending by $2 billion over the last fiscal year, and, again, the increase is $500 million over what the President proposed.  Clearly, there is a deep and heartfelt commitment in the Senate to increase education spending and to recognize its importance to the future of this country and to ensuring a bright future for our Nation's children. The issue has not been about money. The issue has been who is best able to make education decisions. That is the debate we will continue next year.  To me, the answer is obvious. We do need to increase the Federal investment in education, but at the same time we need to empower our local school boards, our parents, our teachers, and our principals to make the decisions and set the priorities. We need to hold them accountable for improved education achievement, but we do not need a Washington-knows-best, a one-size-fits-all approach to education policy.  There is other good news in the omnibus appropriations bill, and that is good news for students and their families who are pursuing higher education. Since I have come to the Senate, one of my highest priorities has been to increase Pell grants and student loans so that no qualified student faces a financial barrier that makes it impossible for him or her to attend college.  Prior to coming to the Senate, I worked at a small business and health college in Bangor, ME, known as Husson College. It was there that I first became aware of how critically important Federal financial assistance was for students who are attending college.  Eighty-five percent of the students at Husson College could not afford to attend college but for the assistance they were provided from student loans and from Pell grants. This assistance was absolutely essential in allowing them to attend college. Many of them were first-generation college students. They were the first people in their families to have the opportunity to attend college. They were taking a big step they knew would ensure a brighter future for them and more opportunities.  We know the vast majority of new jobs that are being created into the next century will require some kind of postsecondary education, either attendance at a technical college, a private college, or a university. We are going to need more and more skills, more and more education, if we are to compete for the jobs of the future. That is why I am so delighted the legislation provides a significant increase for Pell grants.  As you can see, the maximum Pell grant will be increased in the appropriations bill. Currently, it is $3,125. The President proposed $3,250. The appropriations bill passed by the Senate proposed $3,325. Those are good steps. They will help make college a little bit more affordable for our Nation's young people; indeed, also for older adults who are returning to college because they realize they need additional skills.  Once again, it is important we emphasize, the Senate increased spending for these essential Pell grants beyond what the President recommended. This is a budget of which we can be proud. It does not include every provision each of us would like. It reflects hours, weeks, and months of work. It reflects compromise. That is what the system is all about.  Each of us would write this bill differently. Each of us wishes the process could be cleaner, that we could work to get our legislation accomplished earlier, that we had more cooperation with the White House in achieving this goal. But the fact is, this legislation will ensure brighter futures for the families of America.  I appreciate the opportunity to set the record straight on these important issues. The bill, which will be before us later today, is not perfect but it is good legislation that deserves the support of all our colleagues.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  