President, I am delighted the Senate has now sent S. 335, the Deceptive Mail Prevention and Enforcement Act that I introduced to curb deceptive mailings, to the President for his signature.  The Senate originally passed this legislation by a vote of 93-0 on August 2. It will impose new disclosure requirements on sweepstakes mailings to protect consumers. It will also provide new authority to the Postal Service to take enforcement action against those companies sending deceptive mailings.  I want to thank several people whose hard work has made passage today possible. I particularly want to acknowledge the contributions of Senator Levin of Michigan, the ranking minority member of the permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, and the chief cosponsor of this important legislation. In addition, Senator Cochran and Senator Edwards were real leaders in this effort and contributed greatly to the legislation.  There were many other Senators, as well, who cosponsored this measure. In particular, I want to recognize the contributions of several members of the Committee on Governmental Affairs, including Chairman Thompson, Senators Lieberman, Stevens, Durbin, Domenici, Akaka, and Specter. They were early cosponsors of this legislation.  Senator Campbell has also played an important role. He first introduced legislation to curb some of the deceptive practices of sweepstakes companies.  In addition, there are several Members of the House of Representatives who have also worked very hard to bring to about passage today. They include Congressman John McHugh, who is chairman of the Subcommittee on the Postal Service; Congressman Fattah, who is the ranking minority member of the subcommittee; Congressman LoBiondo, Congressman Rogan, Congressman McCollum, Congressman and Chairman Dan Burton, and Congressman Henry Waxman. All of them worked very hard to forge workable legislation that is going to make a real difference.  I also want to express my thanks to the members of my staff who worked very hard on this. On the subcommittee staff, Lee Blalack and Kirk Walder were instrumental, and on my personal staff, Michael Bopp, my legislative director--all of them worked very hard.  The requirements in this legislation will reduce the deceptive techniques that have caused countless Americans, hundreds of thousands of Americans, many of them elderly, to purchase products they do not need nor do they want. Once this legislation takes effect, mailings will be required to make crystal clear to consumers that no purchase is necessary to enter a sweepstakes and that making a purchase will not improve your chances of winning.  That is the primary misconception our investigation identified. Too many consumers believe if they make a purchase, somehow they will improve their chances of winning, but nothing could be further from the truth. It is easy to see why they have that misconception because that is exactly the impression these deceptive mailings are intended to leave.  In addition, the legislation will prohibit sweepstakes companies from telling people they are a winner unless they really have won a prize.  Enactment of this legislation concludes a year-long investigation by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which I chair. Prompted bycomplaints from my constituents in Maine, I began an investigation to examine deceptive mailings. Hearings before the subcommittee demonstrated that the deceptive techniques of major sweepstakes companies were misleading thousands of Americans into making purchases of products. Further investigation into the activities of the smaller sweepstakes companies, the ones that I call the ``stealth companies,'' showed that their practices were even more deceptive. In some cases, they bordered on outright fraud.  The subcommittee heard heartbreaking testimony that deceptive sweepstakes can induce trusting consumers to buy thousands of dollars of unnecessary and unwanted merchandise. One example was a magazine subscription extending to the year 2018 that one witness testified that her 82-year-old father-in-law purchased because of sweepstakes promotions.  We found that our senior citizens are particularly vulnerable to these kinds of deceptive mailings. They are a trusting generation. Many seniors tend to believe what they read, particularly if it is endorsed by a trusted spokesman, comes from a well-known company, or involves a mailing that has been designed to appear as if it is from the Federal Government.  Family members told us of loved ones who were so convinced that they had won a sweepstakes that they refused to leave their home for fear they would miss the Prize Patrol. One constituent of mine actually canceled needed surgery because she did not want to miss Ed McMahon's visit. Sadly, of course, Ed McMahon never showed up.  We found cases of seniors enticed by the bold promises of sweepstakes who spent their Social Security checks, squandered their life's savings, and even borrowed money to buy unwanted magazines and other merchandise.  I will never forget the testimony of one man who broke down in tears as he recounted how the sweepstakes companies had deceived him into purchasing $15,000 worth of products in an effort to win the big prize.  The loss suffered by consumers cannot be measured in dollars alone. As one elderly gentleman put it:       My wife has finally come to realize that she has been duped      by the sweepstakes solicitations for all these years.      Although the financial train is now halted, the loss of her      dignity is incalculable.  Unfortunately, these are not isolated examples. According to a survey commissioned by the AARP, 40 percent of seniors surveyed believe there is a connection between purchasing and winning. It is easy to see why consumers believe they have already won or that they will win if they just purchase something as a result of these mailings.  I would like to show you, Mr. President, and read from a sweepstakes mailing that I received last week at my home in Bangor, ME. As you can see, in bold print, it proclaims: ``Our sweepstakes results are now final.'' ``Ms. Susan M. Collins has won a cash prize of $833,337.'' ``A bank check for $833,337 is on its way to''--my address--``in Bangor.'' It further warns that I will forfeit the entire amount if I refuse to respond to this notice. On the back it says, again, ``A bank check for $833,337 in cash will be sent to you by certified mail if you respond now.''  I have a feeling you will not be surprised to learn that I am not the big winner. But if I relied on the information in this mailing, it would be easy to see why many people would be deceived into thinking they have, indeed, won the grand prize.  Now, in the small print--not in the bold type--but in the small print it explains that I have to have the winning number to really win the prize.  That message is overwhelmed by the bold proclamations telling me I am a winner. Of course, in case I am tempted not to enter, there is what appears to be a personal note that says, ``Please don't say no now,'' and implores me to enter and to buy the product offered. This is not unusual. This is typical of the kinds of deceptive mailings that are all too common and that flood the mailboxes of American consumers with more than a billion pieces of mail a year.  You shouldn't have to be a lawyer, you shouldn't have to have a magnifying glass, to figure out the rules of the game and the odds of winning. Our legislation will make a real difference by requiring honest disclosures, by preventing sweepstakes companies from telling people they have won when they have not, and, most importantly, by making crystal clear to consumers that you don't have to make a purchase to win and that making a purchase will not increase your chances of winning.  Mr. President, as I said, I am pleased that the Senate is now poised to send my legislation to curb deceptive mailings to the President for his signature.  As I have described to my colleagues previously, you only have to look at some of these sweepstakes mailings to understand why. For example, one mailing by Publisher's Clearing House, which is famous for its Prize Patrol, tells the consumer to ``Open Your Door To $31 Million on January 31.'' This mailing suggests to the reader that his or her past purchases are paying off. Specifically, the mailing states: ``You see, your recent order and entry has proven to us that you're indeed one of our loyal friends and a savvy sweepstakes player. And now I'm pleased to tell you that you've passed our selection criteria to receive this special invitation.''  Another mailing from American Family Publishers stated, ``It's Down to a 2 person race for $11,000,000--You And One Other Person In Georgia Were Issued the Winning Number . . . Whoever Returns It First Wins It All!'' Most people probably didn't see the fine print that declared, ``If you have the winning number.'' Unless the contestant reads and understands this fine print, the mailing leaves the unmistakable impression that the recipient and one other person have the winning number for the $11 million prize.  Mr. President, the bill adopted by the Senate would curb these problems by, for the first time, establishing federal standards for a variety of promotional mailings, including sweepstakes mailings. Such mailings must clearly and conspicuously display several important disclosures, including statements that no purchase is necessary to enter the contest and that a purchase will not improve your chances of winning; the odds of winning; the value and nature of each prize; and the name and address of the sponsor. Sweepstakes mailings would also be required to include all the rules and entry procedures for the sweepstakes.  This legislation also addresses another problem consumers experience in dealing with sweepstakes companies. The Subcommittee heard from many individuals who found it difficult to have their name or a parent's name removed from the mailing lists of sweepstakes companies, or who were told that the name removal process might take as long as six months. To address this problem, this legislation includes a section developed by Senator Edwards that would require companies sending sweepstakes or skill contests to establish a system allowing consumers to call or write to have their names removed from the companies' mailing lists.  The House made several modifications to this section of the bill, including extending the time from 35 days to 60 days by which companies must remove names of consumers who do not wish to receive future sweepstakes or skill contest mailings. Non-profit mailers who use sweepstakes contests requested a time limit of longer than 35 days, arguing that their limited resources might not allow the establishment of a system to quickly remove names. The 60-day limit in the bill, however, should not be used by any company to continue to inundate with more mailings those consumers who have asked to be removed from sweepstakes mailing lists. Accordingly, companies should make every effort to remove names as quickly as possible.  The House also added provisions to allow consumers to bring a private right of action in state court if they receive a mailing after previously requesting to be removed from the mailing list of a skill contest or sweepstakes promoter. Sweepstakes promoters will have an affirmative defense if they have established and implemented, with due care, reasonable practices and procedures to effectively prevent mailings that would violate the section on name removal.  The notification system in the bill passed by the Senate, and modified by the House, requires companies to include in every mailing the address or atoll-free telephone number of the notification system, but does not require that consumers submit their name in writing to comply with the removal system. Companies are encouraged to adopt a consumer friendly system for the removal of names from their mailing lists, which may include the ability to have names removed by calling a toll-free number. Under this legislation, companies using a toll-free number to permit the removal of names would not need to require a consumer to also provide their name in writing. Any appropriate method of establishing a record of removal requests by consumers would comply with the requirements of Section 8(d) of the legislation. For example, companies may wish to electronically verify the consumer's election to be removed from their mailing list.  The legislation would strengthen the ability of the Postal Service to investigate, penalize, and stop deceptive mailings. It grants the Postal Inspection Service subpoena authority, nationwide stop mail authority, and the ability to impose tougher civil penalties. The House made several changes in the subpoena authority, including requiring the Postal Service to develop procedures for the issuance of subpoenas and their approval by the General Counsel or a Deputy General Counsel of the Postal Service. The new subpoena authority will give the Postal Inspection Service better ability to investigate and stop deceptive mailings, and I encourage the General Counsel of the Postal Service to recognize that effective enforcement of this legislation requires the timely issuance of subpoenas.  Mr. President, S. 335 will provide important new consumer protections against the many deceptive techniques currently used in promotional mailings. I thank my colleagues for their support of this measure.  I yield to the subcommittee's ranking minority member, Senator Levin. As I explained earlier in my remarks, he has been the chief cosponsor of this legislation and a true leader in the effort to crack down on deceptive mailings.  