President, I rise today to explain my opposition to the African Growth and Opportunity Act. My decision was difficult because I wholeheartedly support provisions of the bill that would reauthorize of two important trade-related programs--the Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) and the Generalized System of Preferences (GSP). These programs provide vital benefits to the state of Maine and the nation. Although on balance, I believe that H.R. 434 unfairly damages Maine's economy, I take solace in the fact that the TAA and GSP programs are one step closer to being reauthorized. I would like to focus for a moment on these two programs.  The TAA aids workers and firms in global economic readjustments. By providing funds to retrain workers, TAA's program offers both opportunity and a lifeline to workers displaced by market changes caused by imports. It helps firms threatened by increased imports through grants to explore new technology, manufacturing methods, and marketing techniques. I have seen the effectiveness and efficiency of the TAA program firsthand in my state of Maine and strongly support both its goal and methods.   Mr. President, I would like to recount just one TAA success story of the many in Maine and the nation. Four years ago, when a shoe factory in Old Town, Maine closed, one of the employees laid off was a woman in her fifties. She had worked in shoe factories all of her working life. With no high school degree, unemployed, and no skills other than making shoes in an economy with few shoe-making jobs, this woman was in dire straits until she qualified for TAA assistance. Fortunately, she seized the retraining opportunity to earn her GED and then trained as a nursing assistant. She recently proudly stopped by the local retraining office to let them know of her new job as a nursing assistant. She now works in home health care, making more money and enjoying greater flexibility than when she worked in a shoefactory. In a true tribute to the effectiveness of the TAA program, she told the retraining officials, ``I wish I had been laid off sooner.'' This story exemplified why the TAA program must be expeditiously reauthorized.  Similarly, the GSP program deserves swift reauthorization. It establishes a mechanism for extending duty-free treatment of certain products imported from designated developing countries. The GSP program allows for participation by only those countries that adequately protect intellectual and property rights, observe international standards of labor rights, employ certain economic policies, and satisfy other important criteria. Moreover, the GSP program is limited to products that are non-import sensitive, meaning American jobs are not threatened.  In fact, the GSP program helps create jobs in America. The Foreside Company based on Gorham, Maine, depends on the GSP program to be able to import product necessary to create jobs in Maine. The Foreside Company, with over 150 employees, is one of the fastest growing companies in Maine. The energetic entrepreneur who runs this company tells me that if GSP is not renewed, it would harm this Maine business to the point that it would jeopardize dozens of jobs.  I am disappointed that legislation reauthorizing the TAA and GSP programs were incorporated in H.R. 434, and not passed as independent bills. Unfortunately, H.R. 434 includes measures that I cannot support. The African Growth and Opportunity Act and the Carribean Basin Initiative are both deeply flawed proposals that would hurt Maine workers and companies.  I want the record to clearly show, however, that in spite of my votes against H.R. 434, I remain strongly supportive of both the Generalized System of Preferences Extension Act and the Trade Adjustment Assistance Reauthorization Act and strongly advocate for reauthorization of both programs.  