President, I thank the sponsor of this bill. I am pleased to be an original cosponsor.  Mr. President, let's get on with the task before us. The Educational Flexibility Partnership Act is a straightforward bill. It is a bipartisan proposal. It has been endorsed by the Governors of all 50 States. It will make a positive difference in the lives of students throughout this Nation. It will give to every State the flexibility that 12 States have had for the past 5 years--flexibility that will allow our States and our local schools to pursue innovative efforts to improve K-through-12 education. We should invoke cloture and take this important step toward improving our schools.  In support of the need for this legislation, let me cite one example from my home State of Maine. Maine is one of the 38 States that are currently not eligible for Ed-Flex waivers. When Maine examined its educational system several years ago, the State found out that its schools had made significant progress in improving the achievement of Maine's students in K through 8. But in Maine, as in most of America, student achievement in secondary schools lagged far behind. Maine's schools simply were not sustaining the progress of the early years all the way until graduation. To the Maine commissioner of education, to local school boards, and to teachers and parents throughout the State, the need for change was clear. Maine needed to focus its efforts on improving secondary education; therefore, the commissioner of education applied to the Federal Secretary of Education for waivers from Federal requirements in order to use Federal education funding to address the true needs facing our State.  Unfortunately, Mr. President, the Federal Department of Education did not share the conclusions of Maine's local educators; it resisted Maine's request for a waiver.  Eventually, the waivers were indeed granted, but only after a lengthy battle between Maine and the Washington education bureaucracy. Time, effort, resources, and money were needlessly wasted. This should not have occurred. Passing the Education Flexibility Partnership Act will prevent other States from enduring the same frustration and delay that Maine experienced. It will allow us to use education dollars to address real needs and not the priorities set in Washington, DC.  I thank the Chair and the sponsor of the bill.  