President, as a member of the VFW Ladies Auxiliary post in Caribou, ME, and as the daughter of a World War II veteran who was wounded twice in combat, I am honored to lead the charge for this worthwhile legislation.  The Veterans of Foreign Wars traces its roots back to 1899, when veterans of the Spanish-American War and the Philippine Insurrection returned home and banded together to establish a handful of local organizations intended to help secure medical care and pensions for their military service. These original foreign service organizations gradually grew in number and influence and in 1914 came to be known collectively as the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States.  Mr. President, it was several years later, on June 24, 1921, when the VFW's chapter in my home State of Maine was chartered. Today, there are 84 VFW posts in Maine to which over 16,000 veterans belong.  Those small groups of veterans who organized in 1899 have today grown to over 2 million strong. During that time, VFW members have fought in every war, conflict, and military intervention in which the United States has been engaged during this century.  As we near the start of a new millennium, the VFW's members continue to live by the organization's creed of ``Honor the dead by helping the living.'' They do so by representing the interests of veterans across the nation through an established network of trained service officers who, at no charge, help millions of veterans and their dependents secure the educational benefits, disability compensation, pension, and health care services to which they are rightfully entitled as a result of their distinguished service to our country.  This service also extends beyond veterans. The VFW's Community Service Program, through members in its 10,000 posts, serves communities, states, and the nation. During the past program year, for example, the VFW, working side by side with its Ladies Auxiliary, contributed nearly 13 million hours of volunteer service and donated nearly $55 million to a variety of community projects. In addition, the VFW helps young men and women attend college by providing more than $2.6 million in scholarships annually.  Mr. President, this Sunday, on the Fourth of July, we will celebrate the 223rd anniversary of the founding of the United States of America. I can think of no more appropriate time to honor the brave men and women who, while far from home, sacrificed so much that the dreams of our founding fathers might become, and remain, a reality. By urging the U.S. Postal Service to issue a commemorative stamp honoring the VFW's 100th anniversary, as was done for its 50th and 75th anniversaries, the Senate can take a small step toward remembering their service and showing our deep appreciation for their unwavering commitment to our country, both in peacetime and in times of conflict.  I thank the distinguished Senator from Colorado and the distinguished Senator from North Dakota for working with me on this amendment. It is my understanding the amendment has been cleared and that it is acceptable to the committee.  