President, I rise today to offer an amendment to the FAA reauthorization bill to establish an independent commission to thoroughly examine the impact of airline deregulation on smalltown America. I am very pleased to be joined in this effort by several cosponsors, including Senators Rockefeller, Burns, Baucus, Robb, Hollings, and Harkin.  This amendment is modeled after a bill I recently introduced that would authorize a study into how airline deregulation has affected the economic development of smaller towns in America, the quality and availability of air transportation, particularly in rural areas of this country, and the long-term viability of local airports in smaller communities and rural areas.  For far too long, small communities throughout this Nation, from Bangor, ME, to Billings, MT, to Bristol, TN, have weathered the effects of airline deregulation without adequately assessing how deregulation has affected their economic development, their ability to create and attract new jobs, the quality and availability of air transportation for their residents, and the long-term viability of their local airports. It is time to evaluate the effects of airline deregulation from this new perspective by looking at how it has affected the economies in small towns and rural America.  Bangor, ME, where I live, is an excellent example of how airline deregulation can cause real problems for a smaller community. Bangor recently learned it was going to lose the services of Continental Express. This follows a pullout by Delta Airlines last year. It has been very difficult for Bangor to provide the kind of quality airservice that is so important in trying to attract new businesses to locate in the area as well as to encourage businesses to expand.  Nowadays, businesses expect to have convenient, accessible, and affordable air service. It is very important to their ability to do business. Although there have been several studies on the impact of airline deregulation, they have all focused on some aspects of air service itself. For example, there have been GAO studies that have looked at the impact on airline prices.  Not one study I am aware of has actually analyzed the impact of airline deregulation on economic development and job creation in rural States. Indeed, we have spoken to the GAO and the Department of Transportation, and they are not aware of a single study that has taken the kind of comprehensive approach I am proposing. Moreover, one GAO official told my staff he thought such a study was long overdue. We need to know more about how airline deregulation has affected smaller and medium-sized communities such as Presque Isle, ME, and Bangor, ME. We need to focus on the relationship between access to affordable, quality airline service and the economic development of America's smaller towns and cities.  During the past 20 years, air travel has become increasingly linked to business development. Successful businesses expect and need their personnel to travel quickly over long distances. It is expected that a region being considered for business location or expansion should be reachable conveniently, quickly, and easily via jet service. Those areas without air access or with access that is restricted by prohibitive travel costs, infrequent flights, or small, slow planes appear to be at a distinct disadvantage compared to those communities that enjoy accessible, convenient, and economic air service.  This country's air infrastructure has grown to the point where it now rivals our ground transportation infrastructure in its importance to the economic vibrancy and vitality of our communities. It has long been accepted that building a highway creates an almost instant corridor of economic activity for businesses eager to cut shipping and transportation costs by locating close to the stream of commerce.  Like a community located on an interstate versus one that is reachable only by back roads, a community with a midsize or small airport underserved by air carriers appears to be operating at a disadvantage to one located near a large airport. What this proposal would do is allow us to take a close look at the relationship between quality air service and the communities it serves.  Bob Ziegelaar, director of the Bangor International Airport, perhaps put it best. He tells me: Communities such as Bangor are at risk of being left behind with service levels below what the market warrants, both in terms of capacity and quality. The follow-on consequences are a decreasing capacity to attract economic growth.  He sums it up well. A region's ability to attract and keep good jobs is inextricably linked to its transportation system. Twenty-one years after Congress deregulated the airline industry, it is important that we now look and assess the long-term impacts of our actions. The commission established by my amendment will ensure that Congress, small communities, and the airlines are able to make future decisions on airline issues fully aware of the concerns and the needs of smalltown America.  Mr. President, I thank the chairman of the committee and the ranking minority members of both the subcommittee and the full committee for their assistance in shaping this amendment. I look forward to working with them. I know they share my concerns about providing quality, accessible air service to all parts of America. I thank them for their cooperation in this effort and yield the floor.  