President, I start by commending the Senator from Wyoming for his excellent statement. He has provided Members with a very clear explanation of the issue that is before the Senate.  I am disappointed to hear my friends and colleagues from the Democratic side of the aisle once again completely disregard and, indeed, belittle the tremendous efforts that the 50 States have made to protect health care consumers. It is disappointing to once again hear Senator Kennedy completely ignore the good work of the States in this area.  The health committee bill builds upon the good work that the States have undertaken to protect health care consumers. Our legislation provides the key protections that consumers want, without causing costs to soar so high that we add to the growing number of uninsured Americans. We would apply the protections responsibly where they are needed.  Current Federal law prohibits States from acting to regulate and to provide consumer protections in self-funded plans. They are covered by Federal law, by ERISA, which specifically prohibits the States from acting in this area.  The States have had the primary responsibility for regulation of health insurance since the 1940s, more than 50 years. I served for 5 years in State government as commissioner of a department that included the Bureau of Insurance. I know how hard the civil servants at the Bureau of Insurance worked to protect Maine consumers. I know Maine health care consumers who are having problems with their insurance companies' coverage or have a dispute would rather call the Bureau of Insurance in Gardiner, ME, than have to go through the maze of the ERISA office in Boston. That is what this debate is about.  The fact is, the States have done a good job of responding to the needs and concerns of their citizens. In fact, every single State has debated and enacted legislation to protect health care consumers. That has been totally ignored by our friends on the other side of the aisle.  This chart shows the enormous number of State laws regulating health insurance. There are more than 1,400 State health insurance mandates--more than 1,400. Every single State has enacted legislation to protect health care consumers by mandating either specific coverages or specific procedures. It is not as if the States have ignored this responsibility. In fact, they have acted far ahead of Washington. They have acted without any prod from Washington. They have acted responsibly and swiftly--indeed, much more quickly than we have--to protect their consumers.  The next chart shows State laws protecting parties are extremely common. This chart demonstrates 47 States have passed laws prohibiting gag clauses that restrict communications between patients and their doctors. This is something I think every single Member of the Senate can agree on: Gag clauses should be prohibited. Mr. President, 47 States have acted to do just that; 50 States have consumer grievance procedure laws; 28 have external appeals; 36 have direct access to OB/GYN; 40 States have provisions dealing with access to emergency rooms.  The States have acted. They have acted in a way to tailor their laws to the problems within their particular State. These problems vary from State to State. We have rural States such as those represented by my friend from Wyoming which do not have a high penetration of managed care. Therefore, imposing all these burdensome new regulations is not necessary. In other States where managed care represents a high degree or a high concentration of the coverage provided, there may be a need for many more State laws.  The point is that the States have acted. They have acted without any mandate or prod from Washington, and they have acted in a way so as to tailor their laws to their marketplace. One size does not fit all. We do not know what is best for every State-regulated plan. What may be appropriate in one State may not be necessary in another.  A State that has been mentioned today, Florida, provides for a direct access to a dermatologist. That is because Florida has a very high rate of skin cancer. That mandate makes a great deal of sense in the State of Florida. It does not make much sense in many northern States where other problems occur and need to be addressed.  That is why the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, which is a bipartisan group, supports the approach that we have taken in our health committee bill. In a March letter to the chairman of the health committee, the NAIC pointed out:       The states have already adopted statutory and regulatory      protections for consumers in fully insured plans and have      tailored these protections to fit the needs of their states'      consumers and health care marketplaces. In addition, many      states are supplementing their existing protections during      the current legislative session based upon particular      circumstances within their own states. We do not want states      to be preempted by Congressional actions.  The letter continues:       It is our belief that states should and will continue the      efforts to develop creative, flexible, market-sensitive      protections for health consumers in fully insured plans, and      Congress should focus attention on those consumers who have      no protections in self-funded ERISA plans.  That is precisely the approach taken in our Republican bill. We recognize the States cannot protect those health care consumers who are covered in self-funded ERISA plans. That is why we need to act on the Federal level. That is why we need to pass health care protections to reach those consumers whom the States cannot protect.  We received a letter today from the Republican Governors' Association. I ask unanimous consent to have that letter printed in the Record following my remarks.  