President.  This amendment includes two provisions that are intended to strengthen the Patients' Bill of Rights that was reported by the Senate HELP Committee. We do not have much time, but I would like to take a moment to describe two of the provisions that are of particular concern and interest to me.  First, our amendment includes provider nondiscrimination language. During the HELP Committee markup, as the Senator from New Mexico will recall, I pledged I would attempt to come up with language on the floor because we shared many of the same concerns, reflecting, I think, the populations of our State. So we have done just that.  The exclusion of a class of providers solely on the basis of their license or certification unfairly restricts patients' access to qualified professionals who are licensed and certified by the various 50 States. This is a very important issue in rural areas because there may not be a sufficient supply of physicians to provide the care that the health plan has promised. In these areas, if, for example, a plan discriminates against optometrists, the result may be that patients have to travel long distances in order to get eye care or, conversely, they have to pay out of their own pockets for services that are supposed to be covered benefits.  Maine, for example, has optometrists in virtually every community in the State, but we have very few ophthalmologists, and they are located primarily in southern Maine, primarily in our larger cities.  In 1982, 17 years ago, to respond to this problem, Maine specifically passed legislation requiring State-regulated health plans to have nondiscrimination language with regard to optometrists. The Republican amendment tracks similar protections that are provided for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997.  Our amendment would prohibit federally regulated group health plans from arbitrarily excluding providers, based solely on their licensure or certification, from providing services for benefits that are covered by the plan.  Let me be clear about what this amendment does not do. It does not require the plans to cover new services just because the State may license a health care professional in that area. For example, there are some States which license aromatherapists. Just because aromatherapists may be licensed by a State doesn't mean the health plan has to cover those kinds of services. Moreover, nothing in our amendment would require the health plan to reimburse physicians and nonphysicians at the same rate.  The amendment also makes clear--and this is really critical--that this provision is a nondiscrimination provision. But it is not a willing provider requirement. It does not require health plans to take all comers. It simply says that a managed care plan cannot exclude a health care professional's entry into that plan solely on the basis of licensure or certification. Senator Grassley, Senator Hatch, Senator Jeffords, and Senator Enzi have all worked with me on drafting this provision.  The second provision, which is of particular concern to me, improves upon the continuity of care provisions in the HELP Committee bill. Our amendment would affect the legislation in two different ways.  First, it recognizes that it would be unconscionable to require a patientwho is terminally ill to change health care providers in the final months of life just because the health plan either stopped contracting with that particular provider or the employer providing the health plan switched plans, thus causing a change in the providers under contract. Our proposal would extend the transition period for patients who are terminally ill from 90 days until the end of life. This proposal is one that I know is of concern to Senator Mikulski, and it is something on which I completely agree with her.  Second, it would require a comprehensive study--I don't believe this is part of the Democratic proposal--into the appropriate thresholds, costs, and quality implications of moving away from the current narrow definition in Medicare of who is considered terminally ill and toward a definition that better identifies those with serious and complex illnesses. This study was suggested by the group, Americans for Better Care of the Dying. Senator Jay Rockefeller and I have worked with this group in proposing our end-of-life care legislation.  