KERREY. I only have 3 minutes. I am sorry.  I call the Senator's attention to continuity of care. Look at the language of the bill because on page 49 it describes this transitional period.  This is something that is very important to me. I received health care in 1969 after I was injured in Vietnam. I have a very passionate concern for people now who are in managed care.  I must say, the problem we are experiencing with managed care is not self-funded ERISA plans. That is what the Republican proposal is going to do. It is going to solve almost a nonexistent problem that may, in fact, as a consequence of setting the bar low, encourage people who are in HMOs and who are in the marketplace providing those plans to say: I see the bar is low; we are going down to that lower standard. That is a major concern I have with this proposal. It does not cover the plans that are the biggest problem.  I call your attention to pages 49 and 50. Under the continuity of care provisions, the only continuity of care that would be provided would be women who are pregnant. They could go beyond 90 days under this provision, but those who were terminal would not. Terminal illness is subject to paragraph 1, according to the language of the bill itself, which does not provide for an extension.  Our proposal would go beyond those three general categories, not just terminal illness, not just institutionalizedpeople, not just women who are pregnant--all three reasonable--and certainly not just self-funded ERISA plans, which are hardly receiving any complaints at all.  That is the odd thing about this debate. We are going to take care of a problem that doesn't exist under the guise of--I have heard people come down saying: We are going to address a problem with HMOs. Well, you would address the problem of HMOs if you changed your bill.  This bill doesn't take care of HMOs. It takes care of self-funded ERISA plans. Go to your mailbox and see if you have any complaints about self-funded ERISA plans. You won't find any complaints about that. The complaints are about HMOs.  We have watched the market move more and more into business decisions when it comes to health care. And I am for the market. I like what the market can do. When we regulate the market, we say----  