President, I rise today as a cosponsor of a Joint Resolution to reauthorize the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact. I am proud to give my support to this measure and do so without hesitation because the New England Dairy Compact is a proven success that is critical to the survival of dairy farmers in Maine and New England.  First approved by Congress in the 1996 Farm Bill, the New England Dairy Compact already has a proven track record of quantifiable benefits to both consumers and farmers. The Compact works by simply evening out the peaks and valleys in fluid milk prices, providing stability to the cost of milk and ensuring a supply of fresh, wholesome, local milk.  Over the past eight months, in particular, the Compact has proven its worth. As prices climbed and farmers were receiving a sustainable price for milk, the Compact turned off, when prices dropped, the Compact was again triggered. The Compact simply softened and slowed the blow to farmers of an abrupt and dramatic drop in the volatile fluid milk market.  It is important to reiterate that consumers also benefit from the Compact. Not only does the Compact stabilize prices, thus avoiding dramatic fluctuation in the retail cost of milk, it also guarantees that the consumer is assured the availability of a supply of fresh, local milk. We've known for a long time that dairy products are an important part of a healthy diet, but recent studies are proving that dairy products provide a host of new nutritional benefits. Just as we are learning of the tremendous health benefits of dairy foods, however, milk consumption, especially among young people, is dropping. It is a crucial, common-sense, first step to reverse this trend, for milk to be available and consistently affordable for young families.  Finally, the Compact, while providing clear benefits to dairy producers and consumers in the Northeast, has proven it does not harm farmers or taxpayers from outside the region. A 1998 report by the Office of Management and Budget showed that, during the first six-months of the Compact, it did not adversely impact farmers from outside the Compact region and added no federal costs to nutrition programs. In fact, this legislation specifically excepts the Women, Infants and Children (WIC) program from any costs related to the Compact.  I would like to thank the Senators from Vermont for their leadership on this critical issue. I look forward to working with them to see this important resolution passed.  