President, I ask the Chair lay before the Senate a message from the House of Representatives on S. 416, an act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to convey to the city of Sisters, Oregon, a certain parcel of land for use in connection with a sewage treatment facility.  The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives:       Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 416) entitled      ``An Act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to convey to      the city of Sisters, Oregon, a certain parcel of land for use      in connection with a sewage treatment facility'', do pass      with the following amendment:       Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:     SECTION 1. FINDINGS.       Congress finds that--       (1) the city of Sisters, Oregon, faces a public health      threat from a major outbreak of infectious diseases due to      the lack of a sewer system;       (2) the lack of a sewer system also threatens groundwater      and surface water resources in the area;       (3) the city is surrounded by Forest Service land and has      no reasonable access to non-Federal parcels of land large      enough, and with the proper soil conditions, for the      development of a sewage treatment facility;       (4) the Forest Service currently must operate, maintain,      and replace 11 separate septic systems     to serve existing Forest Service facilities in the city of      Sisters; and       (5) the Forest Service currently administers 77 acres of      land within the city limits that would increase in value as a      result of construction of a sewer system.     SEC. 2. CONVEYANCE.       (a) In General.--As soon as practicable and upon completion      of any documents or analysis required by any environmental      law, but not later than 180 days after the date of      enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall      convey to the city of Sisters, Oregon, (hereinafter      referred to as the `city') an amount of land that is not      more than is reasonably necessary for a sewage treatment      facility and for the disposal of treated effluent      consistent with subsection (c).       (b) Land Description.--The amount of land conveyed under      subsection (a) shall be 160 acres or 240 acres from within--       (1) the SE quarter of section 09, township 15 south, range      10 west, W.M. Deschutes, Oregon, and the portion of the SW      quarter of section 09, township 15 south, range 10 west, W.M.      Deschutes, Oregon, that lies east of Three Creeks Lake Road,      but not including the westernmost 500 feet of that portion;      and       (2) the portion of the SW quarter of section 09, township      15 south, range 10 west, W.M., Deschutes, County, Oregon,      lying easterly of Three creeks Lake Road.       (c) Condition.--       (1) In General.--The conveyance under subsection (a) shall      be made on the condition that the city--       (A) shall conduct a public process before the final      determination is made regarding land use for the disposition      of treated effluent,       (B) except as provided by paragraph (2), shall be      responsible for system development charges, mainline      construction costs, and equivalent dwelling unit monthly      service fees as set froth in the agreement between the city      and the Forest Service in the letter of understanding dated      October 14, 1999; and       (C) shall pay the cost of preparation of any documents      required by any environmental law in connection with the      conveyance.       (2) Adustment in fees.--       (A) Value higher than estimated.--If the land to be      conveyed pursuant to subsection (a) is appraised for a value      that is 10 percent or more higher than the value estimated      for such land in the agreement between the city and the      Forest service in the letter of understanding dated October      14, 1999, the city shall be responsible for additional      charges, costs, fees, or other compensation so that the total      amount of charges, costs, and fees for which the city is      responsible under paragraph (1)(B) plus the value of the      amount of charges, costs, fees, or other compensation due      under this subparagraph is equal to such appraised value. The      Secretary and the city shall agree upon the form of      additional charges, costs, fees, or other compensation due      under this subparagraph.       (B) Value lower than estimated.--If the land to be conveyed      pursuant to subsection (a) is appraised for a value that is      10 percent or more lower than the value estimated for such      land in the agreement between the city and the Forest Service      in the letter of understanding dated October 14, 1999, the      amount of equivalent dwelling unit monthly service fees for      which the city shall be responsible under paragraph (1)(B)      shall be reduced so that the total amount of charges, costs,      and fees for which the city is responsible under that      paragraph is equal to such apprised appraised value.       (d) Use of Land.--       (1) In General.--The land conveyed under subsection (a)      shall be used by the city for a sewage treatment facility and      for the disposal of treated effluent.       (2) Optional Reverter.--If at any time the land conveyed      under subsection (a) ceases to be used for a purpose describe      in paragraph (1), at the option of the United States, title      to the land shall revert to the United States.       (e) Authority to Acquire Land in Substitution.--Subject to      the availability of appropriations, the Secretary shall      acquire land within Oregon, and within or in the vicinity of      the Deschutes National Forest, of an acreage equivalent to      that of the land conveyed under subsection (a). Any lands      acquired shall be added to and administered as part of the      Deschutes National Forest.  