President, we have heard it again. Once again we have heard the myth that is being perpetrated on the other side of the aisle that the bill approved by the health committee leaves millions of Americans unprotected, completely unprotected. You heard it again. That is simply not true. These Americans live in States that have enacted patient protections very similar to the ones included in the health committee bill to apply to those plans where people truly are unprotected. Those are the ERISA plans, the self-funded plans that the States cannot regulate because of a Federal preemption.  According to the CBO, 80 percent of the U.S. population lives in States with laws guaranteeing access to emergency care; 77 percent of Americans work in organizations offering employee health plans with a point-of-service option. The Kennedy mandates, with direct access to OB/GYN, already exist in States containing almost 70 percent of the population. We know that 47 States have enacted laws to prohibit gag clauses, something we all agree need to be prohibited. Why do we need to duplicate and preempt the good work of the States? Why not build on the good work of the States?  The State of Maine has enacted 35 mandates--35 patient protections. Now, who is to say the emergency access protection of the State of Maine is somehow inferior to the one in Senator Kennedy's bill, just because it differs from Senator Kennedy's bill? Who is going to make these determinations? Are they going to end up in court? Is HCFA, by the Federal Government, by fiat, going to decide that Maine's was not quite right, that it should be knocked out, replaced by the Kennedy standard, because Washington knows best? Washington is the source of all wisdom in this?  The opponents of our legislation contend that the Federal Government should preempt the States' patient protection laws unless they are identical to the ones in Senator Kennedy's legislation. However, the States' approaches to the same types of patient protection can vary widely.  States may have emergency requirements but not the exact same standards as in the Kennedy bill. That is the case with the State of Maine.  Moreover, what if the State has made an affirmative decision not to act in one of these areas because the market in their State does not require it and they are concerned about costs? What if the bill has failed in the legislature or has been vetoed by the Governor? Let me give a recent example from my home State of Maine.  Maine law requires insurance plans to allow direct access to OB/GYN care without a referral from a primary care physician but only for an annual visit. Maine's law also requires plans to allow OB/GYNs to serve as the primary care provider.  Our State legislature recently decided that those current laws, which Maine was the head of the Nation in enacting, provided sufficient access, that they corrected a problem in themarketplace. The legislature rejected a bill that would have expanded the direct access provision primarily out of concern that it would drive up premium costs.  I note for my colleague from Massachusetts, this decision was made by a legislature controlled by the Democratic Party. This was not some Republican legislature that made this decision, but rather the legislators in Maine were satisfied with the current law and decided not to expand it because they were concerned about the additional costs that would be incurred.  In cases such as this, the Kennedy proposal for a one-size-fits-all model would just simply preempt the decision made by the State legislature. That is why the National Association of Insurance Commissioners supports the approach that was taken in the legislation reported by the Health Committee.  In a March letter to the committee, the NAIC pointed out:       The states have already adopted statutory and regulatory      protections for consumers in fully insured plans and have      tailored these protections to fit the needs of their states'      consumers and health care marketplaces. In addition, many      states are supplementing their existing protections during      the current legislative session based upon particular      circumstances within their own states. We do not want states      to be preempted by Congressional . . . actions.  The letter continues:       It is our belief that states should and will continue the      efforts to develop creative, flexible, market-sensitive      protections for health care consumers in fully insured plans,      and Congress should focus attention on those consumers who      have no protections in self-funded ERISA plans.  That is exactly what our plan would do. I ask unanimous consent that the letter from the National Association of Insurance Commissioners be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  