President, I rise today to add my voice to those who are sponsoring the Education Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999 which would afford states important exemptions from burdensome federal regulations. Indeed, the bill would expand a 12-state demonstration program to all 50 states, and would allow for the waiver of statutes and regulations that hinder State and local educational improvement plans. I thank my colleagues, Senator Frist and Senator Wyden, for their leadership on this innovative legislation. It is, indeed, a landmark bill that I am confident will improve the performance of our Nation's public schools by placing the control back where it belongs--in the hands of teachers, parents, school board members and the administrators of local school districts.  I am delighted to join my colleagues as an original cosponsor of this legislation, because I am confident that it will improve the academic performance of students in my home State of Maine and in States across the Nation. Our Nation's public school system is the foundation upon which the American dream is built. Time and time again, we see that education is the difference between poverty and prosperity, ignorance and understanding.  There is no doubt that America's public schools are in need of a boost, but not one that is dictated by the Federal Government in a ``one size fits all'' approach. Rather, we need a boost for our Nation's schools; a boost conceived of and built from the bottom up by the people who know best what our students need; namely, educators and administrators at the State and local levels.  The Ed-Flex plan does just that by cutting the bureaucratic strings that now entangle Federal education dollars. It would allow local communities to spend Federal dollars as they think best, as long as their programs accomplish the objectives of Federal guidelines.  In short, the Ed-Flex bill will help our public schools attain and, indeed, in many cases exceed Federal standards without resorting to a ``Washington knows best'' approach.  I note, Mr. President, that this approach is totally contrary to that proposed by the Clinton administration. The President wants to be the Nation's principal. He wants to decide everything from promotion policies to curriculum standards. That is not the approach that this bill takes. Rather, this bill reflects our philosophy that those who are most committed and best able to improve education are found at the State and local level--our parents, our school board leaders, our principals, and our teachers.  In Maine, our students rank near the top in many national tests. The State Department of Education, the State's elementary and secondary schools and the University of Maine have worked diligently to design and use challenging statewide learning standards.  National test results show that these efforts have been successful. Even more important, they demonstrate that a strong K-12 education system designed and supported by State and local officials, school board members, teachers, and parents can produce first-rate students.  And, indeed, I am very proud of the accomplishments of Maine schools.  Dozens of schools across the country have participated in the current Ed-Flex Partnership Program. They have proven that test scores and learning increase most rapidly when guided by locally designed programs, not by Federal ones. We need to expand the Ed-Flex Program so that students in every State can reap these same benefits.  Public schools in Maine and across the Nation have made a good-faith effort to repair the deteriorated foundation of our system of public education. There is, however, much more that needs to be done. Our States cannot do it alone. They need assistance but not the dictates of Washington.  The Education Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999 directly addresses the need for change within public schools by putting the power to plan, brainstorm, build, and implement back in the hands of State and local communities. Expanding the opportunity for the Ed-Flex Program will give every State the chance to experiment and innovate and to chart a path for better schools. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this very important initiative.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield back the remainder of my time.  