President, I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of the Education Flexibility Partnership Act. This legislation will help States and local schools to pursue innovative efforts to improve K-12 education. I commend my colleagues, Senator Frist and Senator Wyden, for bringing forth this legislation. Senator Wyden has very effectively demolished the myths about this legislation. The fact is, the goal of this legislation is to improve--to improve the education that we are providing to kids all over this country. It is that simple. The legislation would accomplish that goal by extending educational flexibility to all 50 States.  The public schools in this country have made an immeasurable contribution to the success of our society and our Nation. We need to assure that future generations of Americans receive the same excellent public education that many of us were so fortunate to receive while we were growing up. Unfortunately, as the Federal Government has imposed an alarming number of well-intended regulations on our public schools, we have seen a decline in the overall achievements of our students in our public school systems.  I am very proud of the progress that Maine schools have made in improving the performance of our students through a challenging curriculum. For example, Maine students rank highly in the National Assessment of Education Progress tests. This achievement reflects the efforts of the Maine Department of Education, our teachers, our principals, our school boards, our State's elementary and secondary schools, and the University of Maine, to design and use challenging statewide learning results.  The NAEP test results show that the efforts in Maine are in fact succeeding. They show that our K-12 education system can produce high-achieving students when the standards, curriculum, and expectations are supported and designed by those closest to our schools.  The process that the State of Maine used was a burdensome one. It required seeking individual waivers from the Federal Department of Education. It was a lengthy process. It was one that involved a great deal of bureaucratic delay. It is that kind of process that would be changed by this legislation.  The fact is, Maine and the rest of our Nation still have a long way to go to improve the education of our students. America holds dear the tradition of State and local control of education. The basic responsibility for improving student achievement lies with the States, not the Federal Government. Indeed, perhaps a better name for this legislation would be ``The Return to Local Control Education Act.''  I believe that all of us, in all of our States, are trying to meet the challenge of greater student achievement. But our State administrators need help from the Federal Government. They do not need more dictates. They do not need more regulation. The Ed-Flex bill provides some of that help by reducing Federal intrusion into the local control of schools.  How will this legislation help? Let's look at the role of the Federal Government. Over the last 30 years, the Federal Government has layered new programs on top of old ones that themselves are not meeting their goals. This has been done with a blind commitment to the belief that yet another program devised in Washington will somehow reverse the decline in educational achievement.  We spend over $10 billion a year to support elementary and secondary education. This Federal money is spent through so many different programs that we can't even get an accurate count of how many there are. The General Accounting Office and the Congressional Research Service estimates range from 550 to 750 separate Federal education programs. Each of these programs comes with its own objectives, statutory requirements, and administrative regulations. Collectively, they create a huge administrative burden on local schools. Indeed, while the Federal Government funds only 7 percent of our public education system, it is responsible for 50 percent of the schools' paperwork.  By passing the Education Flexibility Act, we will allow States and local school districts the flexibility they need to pursue creative and innovative approaches in using Federal funds. And the Federal dollars that they do receive will become a genuine force for education improvement. Even more important, the bill will afford States and communities the flexibility that they need to craft local solutions. Instead of struggling to make programs designed in Washington fit local needs, States and localities will have the freedom to make the changes that they know are needed in each individual school.  Because, as the Senator from Oregon put it very well, the schools in an urban environment may be very different in their needs from a school in a rural community.  The Ed-Flex Act addresses the need for change within our public schools. It will provide a way for State and local education agencies to be freed from the multitude of Federal statutes and regulations that prevent them from breaking out of the Federal education mold and creating their own exciting programs. Expanding the opportunity for Ed-Flex to every State gives our school boards, teachers, parents, and State officials the opportunity to experiment and innovate, to chart a new path for better schools, and to provide Congress with the information it needs to help promote rather than hinder educational improvement.  In closing, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation. I would also like to clarify that I don't think Senator Kennedy deliberately gave me his cold from the hearing yesterday so I would be less effective in debating him today, despite the rumor to the contrary.  With that, I yield the floor.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  