President, those of us who strongly supported an increased Federal investment in education should be celebrating this legislation, not criticizing it. Let's look at the numbers.  The committee's appropriation for total education spending is $1.9 billion more than for fiscal year 1999. It is a half billion dollars more than the President's request. Let me repeat that because I think that has been lost in this debate. The fact is, the Appropriations Committee has increased total education funding in this bill by a half billion dollars more than President Clinton requested.  Similarly, the committee has increased spending for Pell grants--an essential program that I strongly support--for title I, for special education--I could go on and on.  So it is clear that this debate is not about money. What is it about? It is about power. It is about command and control. It is about who will be making the decisions and where they will be made.  Let's look at the language of the amendment offered by the Senator from Washington, Mr. Gorton. It says: School districts may use the funds for class size reductions or for any other authorized activity in the ESEA that will improve the academic achievement of our students.  Who could be opposed to that? Isn't that the bottom line? Isn't that what we want--improved academic achievement, better results for our students?  So the question before the Senate is whether we should continue with the Washington-knows-best, arrogant attitude or whether we should recognize that our local school boards, our principals, our teachers, and our parents are best able to determine what local students need to improve their performance.  The question--the bottom line--should be: What have our students learned? Have they improved? It should not be: How did you spend your Federal grant? Did you fill out the paperwork correctly?  In some school districts, smaller class size may be what is needed. But in others, we may need to upgrade the science lab or institute a program for gifted and talented students or hire more teachers. The needs vary as much as our schools vary. A one-size-fits-all approach simply does not work.  The Senator from Connecticut mentioned an article in today's newspaper which has the startling results that nationally three-fourths of the students cannot compose an organized essay. I am pleased to note that my State of Maine ranks near the top--No. 2 only to Connecticut--in performance on this test. But nationwide, three-quarters of the students failed this simple test.  Is the answer the same in every State? I do not think so. In some States, improved professional development for the teachers may be the key to reversing these test results. In other States, it may be smaller classes. Yet in another State it may be another technique or method or solution that is required.  The point is that we do not know here in Washington what the best approach is in the thousands of school districts across this country. All we are saying is, let the local school districts decide what they need to do to improve student achievement.  There is nothing in Senator Gorton's amendment that prohibits the school district from using the money to reduce class size if that is what is needed. But that may not be what is needed. Indeed, 41 States already exceed the ideal teacher-student ratio.  What we need to do is to trust local people to make the decisions that are going to help bring out the best in the students in our communities across the United States. That is exactly what Senator Gorton's amendment would do.  This is not a debate about money. All of us agree that we want to increase the Federal investment in education. It is the best investment of our money we can make. The issue is about who is making the decision.  Thank you, Mr. President.  