 Mr. President, I am pleased to join my co-chair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, Senator Breaux, as well as the chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, Senator Grassley, and the distinguished Senator from Michigan, Mr. Abraham, in introducing a sense-of-the-Senate resolution to help address the devastating impact of diabetes and its resulting complications on Americans of all ages.  This resolution calls for increased support for diabetes research, education, early detection, and treatment. Diabetes research has been underfunded in recent years. It is imperative that we increase our commitment in order to take full advantage of the unprecedented and exciting scientific opportunities that we have as the millennium approaches for advances leading to better detection, treatment, prevention, and ultimately a cure for this devastating disease.  Diabetes is a very serious condition that affects people of every age, race, and nationality. Here in America, 16 million people suffer from diabetes, and about 800,000 new cases are diagnosed each year.  Moreover, diabetes frequently goes undiagnosed. Of the 16 million Americans with diabetes, it is estimated that 5.4 million do not realize they have this very serious condition.  Diabetes is one of our Nation's most costly diseases, both in human and economic terms. It is the sixth deadliest disease in the United States and kills almost 200,000 Americans annually. It is the leading cause of kidney failure, of blindness in adults, and amputations. It is a significant risk factor for heart disease, stroke, and birth defects. The disease shortens the average life expectancy by up to 15 years  Moreover, it is very costly in financial terms as well. Diabetes costs the Nation in excess of $105 billion annually in health-related expenditures. At present, more than 1 out of every 10 dollars that we spend on health care is related to treating people with diabetes. About 1 out of 4 Medicare dollars are used to treat people with diabetes. Indeed, more than 40 billion in tax dollars is spent each year treating people with diabetes through Medicare, Medicaid, veterans' health, and Federal employees' programs.  Unfortunately, there currently is no way to prevent or to cure diabetes. Available treatments have had only limited success in controlling the devastating consequences of this disease. This problem is made all the more complex by the fact that diabetes is not a single disease, but rather it occurs in several forms and the complications affect virtually every system of the body.  Children with type I diabetes face a lifetime of multiple daily finger pricks to check their blood sugar levels, daily insulin injections, and the possibility of lifelong complications, including kidney failure and blindness, which can be deadly, can be disabling.  Older Americans with diabetes also can be disabled by the multiple complications of the disease.  Every year, the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation hosts a children's congress in Washington, DC. They bring children from all over this Nation to put a human face on the consequences of type I diabetes.  Recently, I had the opportunity to meet a courageous 8-year-old boy from North Yarmouth, ME. Nathan Reynolds is an active young boy. He loves school, biking, swimming, and baseball, and he particularly likes collecting old coins. He is also suffering from type I diabetes. He was diagnosed about 2 years ago, and it has completely changed his life and the life of his family.  He has had to learn how to check his blood. In fact, his 4-year-old brother reminds him to do it before each meal.He has to give himself an insulin shot or get his teacher or the school nurse or his parents to help him do so. Nathan can never take a day off from his disease. It does not matter whether it is Christmas or his birthday, he still has to prick his finger and check his blood sugar. He still has to inject himself with insulin in order to keep relatively healthy.  I will never forget the story a teacher told me of all the children in her class making a wish for Christmas. Some of them wished for a new toy, one wished for a pony, another wished to go to Disney World. But one little boy who had juvenile diabetes made the wish that he could just have Christmas without having to give himself ``yucky'' shots.  That story touched me deeply, and it hit home with the fact that this is a lifelong condition for children who are diagnosed with type I diabetes.  I will also never forget the anguish on a young mother's face who told me her 5-year-old son had just been diagnosed with diabetes. ``How do I tell him?'' she said. ``How do I tell him he is going to have to have shots every day, that he is going to have to constantly prick his finger to check his blood sugar levels? How do I tell him what this means for him and for all of us who love him?''  There is also some good news. Exciting research is underway that should lead to medical breakthroughs for Nathan, for other children, and for adults who have type I and type II diabetes. Reducing the tremendous health and human burdens of diabetes and its enormous economic toll depends upon identifying the factors responsible for the disease and developing new methods for treatment, prevention, and ultimately a cure.  The next decade holds tremendous potential and promise for diabetes research. Improvements in technology and the general growth in scientific knowledge have created unprecedented opportunities for advancements that might lead to better treatments, prevention, and a cure.  Earlier this year, the congressionally mandated diabetes research working group, an independent panel composed of 12 scientific experts of diabetes and 4 representatives of the lay diabetes communities, issued an important report. It is called ``Conquering Diabetes: A Strategic Plan for the 21st Century.'' This important report details the magnitude of the problem, and it lays out a comprehensive plan for research conducted by the National Institutes of Health on diabetes.  In this report, the diabetes working group found, ``Many scientific opportunities are not being pursued due to insufficient funding, lack of appropriate mechanisms and a shortage of trained researchers.''  The report also concluded that the current level of funding, the level of effort, and the scope of diabetes research falls far short of what is needed to capitalize on these promising opportunities. The funding level, the report found, is so far short of what is required to make progress on this complex and difficult problem.  The report goes on to recommend a funding level of $827 million for diabetes research at NIH in fiscal year 2000, and, indeed, many of our colleagues signed a letter to the Appropriations Committee requesting an appropriation of just that level to be included to advance the goals of this legislation.  I am a strong supporter of increased research and of efforts to double our investment in biomedical research over the next few years. There is simply no investment that would yield greater returns for the American taxpayers, and the commitment of the bill before us of an additional $2 billion in funding for NIH, which represents nearly a 13-percent increase, will bring us so much closer to that goal. This strategy is particularly important as we move into the next century when our public health and disability programs will be under increasing strains due to the aging of our population.  I am also very pleased and commend the chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Specter, and the ranking minority member, Senator Harkin, for including very strong language in the report accompanying this bill which recognizes that diabetes research has been underfunded in the past and directs that funding for diabetes be increased at the National Institute for Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Disease and other NIH institutes. Again, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Senator Stevens, and the chairman and ranking member of the subcommittee, Senator Specter and Senator Harkin, have all been tremendous advocates for people with diabetes and are to be commended for their strong leadership in this effort.  The amendment I am offering today does not earmark a particular funding level for diabetes research. Rather, it is intended to heighten awareness of the devastating impact of this disease, and it is intended to affirm that diabetes research is a high priority. Most of all, the amendment expresses the clear intent of the Senate that the National Institutes of Health should substantially increase its investment in the fight against diabetes along the lines recommended in this landmark report, the $827 million recommendation.  We must ensure that sufficient resources are available to take full advantage of the extraordinary and unprecedented scientific opportunities identified by the diabetes working group. If we do so, we can better understand and ultimately conquer this devastating disease.  I thank the Chair for his attention. I hope all of my colleagues will join us in supporting this resolution to send a clear signal that we are committed to conquering diabetes.  I reserve any remaining time I may have left.  