I am joined in this effort by Senators Jeffords, Reed, Dodd, Kennedy, and Lieberman.  I am pleased by the large increase in funding for education included in the Budget Resolution and thank Senator Domenici and the other members of the Budget Committee for taking a forward-looking stance in favor of our children. I am offering this amendment to help ensure that as these increased funds for education are appropriated--and as the ``hard decisions'' are made about appropriations for specific programs--need-based student financial aid programs are given priority.   Although the federal government cannot guarantee that every American will complete a postsecondary education program, we can ensure that every qualified American has an equal opportunity to do so. This is the primary purpose of the student financial aid programs authorized by the Higher Education Act.  The evidence is overwhelming that individuals from low-income families pursue higher education at a significantly lower rate than individuals from middle- and upper-income families. This educational gap, which is rooted in economic disparity, threatens to divide our nation into two self-perpetuating classes: an educated class that participates fully in the tremendous economic opportunities that demand a postsecondary education and a class of ``have nots'' lacking the skills and education needed to be successful members of the modern work force.  Congress created need-based student financial aid programs to ensure that individuals from low-income families are not denied postsecondary education because they cannot afford it. These are the programs that assist the most disadvantaged Americans. They are the programs that help the students who come from families with no history of pursuing postsecondary education. They are the programs that will close the gap between educational ``haves'' and the ``have nots''  Federal Pell Grants are the cornerstone of our country's need-based financial aid. These grants provide essential financial assistance to almost 4 million students a year. Eighty percent of the dependent students receiving Pell Grants come from families with annual family incomes of less than $30,000. Yet, over the last 20 years, while the cost of postsecondary education has grown at an unprecedented rate, the maximum Pell Grant has declined in constant dollars by 14 percent. This Sense of the Senate amendment states that we should increase the maximum Pell Grant by $400 dollars to $3525. We still will not be back to the 1980 level in terms of purchasing power, but we will be getting closer.  This amendment also urges an increase in two other important grant programs. The Federal Supplementary Educational Opportunity Grant and the Leveraged Educational Assistance Program (formerly SSIG) are grant programs managed by schools and states respectively. These programs leverage federal dollars through matching funds from schools and states and provide additional assistance for those students most in need of financial aid.  In addition to these important educational grants, my amendment callsfor increased funding for two other need-based programs that assist students from low income families: the Federal Work Study Program and the Perkins Loan Program. These are campus-based programs in which the federal contribution is leveraged by matching funds from participating schools. Work Study is a self-help student aid program under which needy students pay some of the cost of their education through jobs that contribute to their education and often involve important community service. The Perkins Loan program allows schools to make low-interest loans to needy students. Both of these programs, along with the Supplementary Educational Opportunity Grants, give financial aid offices flexibility in creating individualized student aid packages that will minimize the student's debt burden upon graduation.  Unfortunately, during the last 20 years, funding for the work study program had declined by 25 percent in constant dollars and the capital contribution to Perkins Loans has declined by 78 percent. This Sense of the Senate Amendment expresses our support for these important programs, which aid our neediest students.  Providing financial aid is only one aspect of the challenge to equalize education opportunity. Before financial aid can help, a potential student must aspire to higher education. This is one of the goals of the TRIO programs. There is no question that thousands of individuals who would never have considered a college education have been identified by Talent Search and Upward Bound and gone on to college and successful careers. Thousands of other individuals have been assisted while in college by the Academic Support Services Program, while many non-traditional students have entered college because of the Educational Opportunity Centers.  Despite this strong record of success, the existing TRIO programs reach only a very small percentage of the individuals who are eligible for their services. The additional funds that this Sense of the Senate Amendments urges will extend the reach of these programs to more disadvantaged youth and adults who could so benefit from the support the TRIO programs provide.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment so that more of our citizens can pursue the American dream of college education.  