President, the question before the Senate is, Are we going to make progress in reforming our campaign finance system or not?  That is the simple question before us. In the 105th Congress, the Senate took up comprehensive campaign finance reform measures three times--in September of 1997, in March of 1998, and in September of 1998. Despite my support and the support of a majority of the Senate, these measures could not break the legislative logjam and move forward. So it was obvious it was time for a new approach, a new test that would allow the Senate to consider a more narrow piece of legislation and then work its will on the various components of the original McCain-Feingold bill.  Now, I am a supporter of the more comprehensive approach. I am proud to have been an early cosponsor of the McCain-Feingold bill. The Shays-Meehan bill is, too, an excellent piece of legislation. It contains many provisions I wholeheartedly support. But the point is--and the Senator from New Jersey is well aware of it--the comprehensive approach will not garner the votes necessary to move through this Senate. So the question is, Do we want to make progress or don't we?  It is difficult to think of a better example of the old adage of ``the perfect being the enemy of the good'' than the debate we are having this morning. So I rise in strong support of the underlying measure before us, the revised McCain-Feingold bill.  The underlying bill closes the most glaring loophole in our campaign finance laws by banning the unlimited, unregulated contributions known as soft money. The legislation also takes an important step of codifying the Supreme Court's decision in the Beck case. This will preserve the rights of nonunion members who must pay fees to a union to have their money excluded from the union's political activity fund.  In 1974, in the aftermath of Watergate, Congress passed comprehensive campaign finance reform measures that placed dollar limits on political contributions.  In its Buckley v. Valeo ruling, the Supreme Court upheld those contributions limits reasoning they were a legitimate means to guard against the reality or appearance of improper political influence.  Contribution limits remain on the books, but in reality, they have become a dead letter. The resourceful have found that the easiest way to circumvent the spirit of Federal electionlaw is to provide huge sums to the political parties through soft money donations. For years, soft money contributions to the major political parties were used for party overhead and organizational expenses. But over time, the use of soft money has increased dramatically to include a wider range of activities which influence elections.  Mr. President, in 1907, corporations were banned from directly contributing to Federal elections from their treasury funds. In 1947, Congress passed the Taft-Hartley Act, which banned labor unions from contributing treasury funds to candidates. Plain and simple, the soft money corporations and labor unions funnel through the parties clearly circumvents those laws.  We in this body decry legal loopholes, but we have reserved a gaping one for ourselves. Indeed, the soft money loophole is more like a black hole, and that sucking sound you hear during election years is the whoosh of six-figure soft money donations gushing into party coffers.  The soft money loophole in our Federal election laws has been exploited to the point where the legislative framework put in place in the 1970's has become a mere shell. In 1994, approximately $100 million was raised through soft money by the major parties. Four years later, that amount more than doubled--fully $224 million was raised in soft money.  The problem with soft money was painfully evident during the 1997 hearings at the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee, in which the Committee heard from one individual who gave $325,000 to the Democratic National Committee in order to secure a picture with the President of the United States. We also heard from another individual, the infamous and clearly unrepentant Roger Tamraz who testified that next time he is willing to spend $600,000, rather than $300,000, to purchase access to the White House. In a July, 1997 interview with the Los Angeles Times, Johnny Chung, who gave $366,000 derived from illegal foreign sources to the Democratic National Committee and other Democrat organizations, cynically revealed the depth of the current problem; he said, ``I see the White House is like a subway--you have to put in the coins to open up the gates.''  This is what this debate is about.  How long can public faith in a political system survive when the public perception exists that wealthy groups are given a stage, podium and a microphone to broadcast their concerns, while the voice of the vast majority remains muted?  I hope Members will indulge me if I take a moment to explain the importance of this issue to the people of Maine.  Time and time again, I hear it said on the Senate floor and elsewhere that the American people do not care about this issue. I can't speak for the citizens of other States, but I know the people of Maine care deeply about this issue--about reforming our campaign finance system.  My home State has a deep commitment to preserving the integrity of the electoral system and ensuring that all Mainers have an equal political voice--and Mainers have backed their commitment to an open political process in both word and deed. In many regions of Maine, political life is dominated by town meetings and public forums in which all citizens are invited to share their concerns, and hash out critical political matters. This is unvarnished direct democracy where all citizens are a part of the process. People with more money do not get to speak longer or louder than people with less money. Perhaps it is our tradition of town meetings that explains why so many Maine citizens feel so strongly about reforming our Federal campaign laws, about reforming the current system. And that strong feeling is one I share.  The bill before us today is not a broad sweeping reform such as the one we considered last year and the year before. Rather, it is a modest attempt to achieve some progress by tackling the biggest abuse in the system. This primary purpose of today's bill is to stem the growing reliance on huge soft money contributions. This is not a radical approach; rather, our proposal to eliminate political party soft money, endorsed by former Presidents Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter and George Bush, is a measured step toward meaningful reform.  Mr. President, when I ran for a seat in this body, I advocated major changes to our campaign finance law, but I recognize that goal must wait for another time.  But surely we can take this initial critical first step. Although I remain personally committed to more comprehensive changes in the current law, I believe the revised McCain-Feingold bill before us today will serve as a building block on which we can build a much better election financing system.  I look forward to the debate in the days ahead. My colleagues have several proposals to improve this bill. But at the conclusion of this debate, my guiding principle in casting my votes on the amendments before us, including the proposal by the Democratic leader, will be answering the question of whether we are moving forward and whether we are successfully ending the abuse of unregulated soft money in our campaign finance system.  I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this modest, commonsense first step to restore integrity and public confidence in our campaign system.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  