President, I am pleased to join Senators Jeffords, Kennedy, Roth, and Moynihan in introducing this historic, bipartisan initiative that will help tear down the barriers that prevent Americans with disabilities who want to work from reaching their full potential and achieving economic independence.  Eight million Americans receive more than $50 billion a year in cash disability benefits under the Supplemental Security Income and Social Security Disability programs. While surveys show that the overwhelming majority of adults with disabilities want to work, fewer than \1/2\ of 1 percent of them actually do.  Advances in medicine and technology coupled with tougher civil rights laws have made it possible for more and more people with physical and mental disabilities to enter the workforce. These are people who genuinely want to work. They have the skills and talents necessary to be productive members of the workforce. But they face a Catch-22. If they leave the disability rolls for a job, they risk losing the Medicare and Medicaid benefits that made it possible for them to enter the workforce in the first place. Moreover, many of these individuals' very lives depend on the prescription drugs, technology, personal assistance services, and medical care they receive.  Mr. President, no one should have to make a choice between a job and health care. The legislation we are introducing today will create and fund new options for States to encourage them to allow people with disabilities who enter the workforce to buy into the Medicaid program, so they can continue to receive the prescription drugs, personal assistance services, and medical care upon which they depend. It will also allow workers leaving the social Security Disability Insurance program to extend their Medicare coverage for ten years. This is tremendously important since many people returning to work after having been on SSDI either work part time and are therefore not eligible for employer-based insurance, or they work in jobs that do not offer health insurance. Allowing these disabled individuals to maintain their Medicare coverage will serve as a tremendous incentive for them to return to the workforce.  Other provisions of the legislation we are introducing today incorporate a more ``user-friendly'' approach in programs providing job training and placement assistance to individuals with disabilities who wants to work. Our bill gives disabled SSI and SSDI beneficiaries greater consumer choice by creating a ``ticket'' that enables them to choose whether they want to go to a public or private provider of vocational rehabilitation services. The bill also provides grants to States and organizations to help connect people with disabilities with appropriate services, and funds demonstrations and studies to better understand policies that will encourage and enable work.  Mr. President, the legislation we are introducing today is an investment in human potential that promises tremendous return. By ensuring that Americans with disabilities have access to affordable health insurance, we are removing the major barrier between them and the workplace. The Work Incentives Improvement Act of 1999 will both encourage and enable Americans with disabilities to be full participants in our nation's workforce and growing economy, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in cosponsoring this important legislation.  