 Mr. President, this amendment goes to the heart of this debate. All of us agree HMOs must be held accountable for providing the care that they have promised. All of us agree we need a strong appeals process so that anyone who is denied medical treatment or medical care has an avenue that is cost free, expeditious, and easy to appeal an adverse decision from an HMO. That is not what this debate is about.  The debate is whether we solve these problems in a way that is going to cause health insurance premiums to soar, thus jeopardizing the health insurance coverage of millions of Americans, or are we going to take the approach that the HELP Committee bill takes, which is to address these problems in a way that is sensible and thataddresses the concerns about quality, about unfair denial of care, without imposing such onerous and expensive Federal regulations that we drive up the cost of health insurance and cause some people to lose their coverage altogether.  That is the heart of this debate. That is the key difference between the bill advocated by my colleagues on the Democratic side of the aisle and the bill which we support.  This amendment is simple; it is straightforward. What this amendment says is, if the Kennedy bill, in fact, increases the cost of health insurance along the lines projected by the independent Congressional Budget Office, then it would be essentially no longer in effect for group health plans.  This is an important amendment. It recognizes that cost is the single biggest obstacle to providing health insurance. It addresses the issues the CBO has outlined in its report in which it warned about what would happen if the Kennedy bill goes into effect. What would happen is, under the Kennedy bill that is before us, 1.8 million Americans would most likely lose their health insurance; employers would drop coverage, particularly small businesses that may be operating on the margin already; self-employed individuals would find health insurance still further out of reach; and we would further exacerbate the problem of the growing number of uninsured in this Nation.  We have a record 43 million Americans without health insurance. We should not be increasing the number of uninsured.  So what our amendment does is very simple. It says if there is an increase in health insurance premiums beyond 1 percent, or if the number of uninsured Americans increases by more than 100,000 people, that we will take a second look, we will put a stop to the mandates that would be imposed by the Kennedy bill.  Surely, we should be able to come to an agreement that this is the right approach to take. If my colleagues on the Democratic side of the aisle believe that their bill will not have the kind of cost estimate that the independent CBO says it will have, then they should join with us in supporting this amendment because this amendment offers important safeguards.  It says the Senate should not be implementing, we should not be passing legislation that is going to drive up the cost of health insurance and further increase the number of uninsured Americans--a number that already stands far too high at 43 million people.  By contrast, the Republican approach seeks to expand, not contract, the number of Americans with insurance. We would do that, for example, by providing full deductibility for health insurance for self-employed individuals. This is a critical issue in my State of Maine where we have so many Mainers who are self-employed. Perhaps it is in keeping with the independent Yankee spirit of the State of Maine that we do have so many people who run their own businesses. We see them everywhere. It is the small businesses on Main Street of every town in Maine. It is our lobstermen, our fishermen, our gift shop owners, our electricians, our plumbers. We see it throughout our State. It would be the most important thing that we could do to help them to afford health insurance if we made their health insurance premium fully deductible.  So we have a very clear choice. Do we want the Kennedy approach, which is going to cause health insurance premiums to soar, causing small businesses to be unable to provide coverage at all and putting health insurance further out of reach for the 43 million uninsured Americans or do we want the approach that we have proposed through the HELP Committee bill?  Our legislation addresses the very real problems that do exist with managed care. Our approach would put treatment decisions back in the hands of physicians, not insurance company accountants, not trial lawyers. But our approach strikes that critical balance. We do so not by so overloading the system that we are going to drive up costs but, rather, by putting in commonsense safeguards that will solve the problems with managed care without jeopardizing the health insurance coverage of millions of Americans.  I urge my colleagues to join, I hope in a bipartisan way, in supporting this very important amendment. It is a way for the Senate to put itself on record as recognizing that cost is the single biggest obstacle to expanded health insurance coverage. I hope we will have bipartisan support for this amendment.  I thank my colleagues and yield the floor but reserve the remainder of our time.  