President, Senate Republicans are committed to enacting legislation to preserve, strengthen, and save the Medicare system for current and future generations. The Republican congressional budget plan has set aside $505 billion over the next 10 years specifically to address domestic issues such as Medicare. Moreover, $90 billion of this amount has been set aside in a reserve fund that is dedicated exclusively to strengthening Medicare's financing and modernizing its benefits, including the provision of coverage for prescription drugs. Prescription drugs are as important to our senior citizens' health today as the hospital bed was back in 1965 when the Medicare program was first created. Medicare clearly should be restructured to reflect these changing priorities.  The money to address this challenge has been set prudently aside as part of the Republican budget. We have the resources, we have the determination, and we have the will to address this critical issue. Now it is up to Congress to come up with the plan, which I hope our colleagues on the other side of the aisle will help us devise. We need to strengthen and modernize this critically important program to meet the health care needs of elderly and disabled Americans into the 21st century.  In addition to addressing the long-term structural issues facing Medicare, it is essential that Congress also take action this year to address some of the unintended consequences of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, as well as regulatory overkill by the Clinton administration, which is jeopardizing access to critically important home health care services for millions of senior citizens.  The growth in Medicare spending has slowed dramatically, and that is due, in part, to the reforms that were enacted as part of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. While it was Congress' intent in enacting this legislation to slow the rate of growth, it has become increasingly clear that the payment policies implemented by the Clinton administration as a consequence of the Balanced Budget Act have gone too far and that the cutbacks have been fartoo deep, jeopardizing our seniors' access to critical hospital, skilled nursing, and home health care.  Nowhere is this problem more serious than in home health care. America's home health agencies provide services that have enabled a growing number of our most frail and vulnerable senior citizens to avoid hospitals, to avoid nursing homes, and to receive the care they need and want in the security and privacy of their homes, just where they want to be.  I have visited with home health nurses in Maine who have taken me on home health visits. I know firsthand how vital these important health care services are to our frail seniors. I know of couples who have been able to stay together in their own home solely because of the services provided by our home health agencies. In 1996, home health was the fastest growing component of the Medicare budget. That, understandably, prompted Congress and the Clinton administration to initiate changes that were intended to make the program more cost-effective and efficient.  There was strong bipartisan support for the provisions in the BBA that called for the implementation of a prospective payment system for home care. Unfortunately, until this system is implemented, home health agencies are being paid under a very flawed interim payment system, or IPS.  In trying to get a handle on cost, Congress and the administration created a system that penalizes efficient agencies and that may be restricting access to care for the very Medicare beneficiaries who need the care the most. These include our sicker patients with complex chronic care needs, like diabetic wound care patients, or IV-therapy patients who require multiple visits.  According to a recent survey by the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, almost 40 percent of home health agencies indicated that there were patients whom they previously would have accepted for care, whom they no longer serve due to this flawed interim payment system and the regulatory overkill of the Clinton administration. Thirty-one percent of these agencies admitted they had actually discharged patients due to the inadequate payment system. The discharged patients tend to be those with chronic care needs who require a large number of visits and are expensive to serve. Indeed, they are the very people who most need home health services.  I know that Congress simply did not intend to construct a payment system that inevitably discourages home health agencies from caring for those senior citizens who need the service the most. These problems are all the more pressing because they have been exacerbated by the failure of the Clinton administration to meet the original deadline for implementing a prospective payment system. As a result, home health care agencies will be struggling under a flawed IPS system, the interim payment system, for far longer than Congress ever envisioned when it enacted the Balanced Budget Act of 1997.  Moreover, it now appears the savings from the Balanced Budget Act were greatly underestimated. Medicare spending for home health care fell by nearly 15 percent last year and the CBO now projects that the post-Balanced Budget Act reductions in home health care will exceed $46 billion over the next 5 years. This is three times greater than the $16 billion that CBO originally estimated for that time period. That is another indication that the cutbacks have been far too deep, far too severe, and much more wide-reaching than Congress ever intended.  Again, the flaws in the Balanced Budget Act have been exacerbated by regulatory decisions made by this administration. Earlier this year, I chaired a hearing held by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. We heard firsthand about the financial distress and cash-flow problems of very good, cost-effective, home health agencies from across the country. We heard about the impact of these cutbacks on our senior citizens. Witnesses expressed concern that the problems in the system are inhibiting their ability to deliver much needed care, particularly to chronically ill patients with complex needs. Some agencies have actually closed because the reimbursement levels under Medicare have fallen far short of their actual operating costs. Many others in Maine and throughout the Nation are laying off staff or declining to accept new patients, particularly those with the more serious health problems that require more care and more visits.  This points to the most critical and central issue: Cuts of this magnitude simply cannot be sustained without ultimately affecting the care that we provide to our senior citizens. Moreover, the financial problems that home health agencies have been experiencing have been exacerbated by a host of onerous, burdensome, and ill-conceived new regulatory requirements imposed by the Clinton administration through HCFA, including the implementation of what is known as OASIS, the new outcome and assessment information data set; new requirements for surety bonds; sequential billing requirements; IPS overpayment recoupment; and a new 15-minute increment home health reporting requirement requiring nurses to act as if they were accountants or lawyers, billing every 15 minutes of their time.  Witnesses at our hearing before the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations expressed particular frustration with what the CEO from the Visiting Nurse Service in Saco, ME, Maryanna Arsenault, termed as the Clinton administration's regulatory policy of ``implement and suspend.'' She and others pointed to numerous examples of hastily enacted, ill-conceived requirements for surety bonds and sequential billing. No sooner had HCFA imposed the cost burden of a specific mandate on America's home health agencies, than it then had second thoughts and suspended the requirements--but only after damage had been done, only after our home health agencies had invested significant time and resources they do not have, trying to comply with this regulatory overkill.  Responding to the excessive regulation of the Clinton administration, as well as the problems in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, my colleague from Missouri, Senator Bond, and I have together introduced legislation titled, ``The Medicare Home Health Equity Act,'' which is cosponsored, I am pleased to say, by a bipartisan group of 26 of our colleagues. It makes needed adjustments in the Balanced Budget Act and related Federal regulations to ensure that our senior citizens have access to necessary home health services.  One of the ironies of the formula enacted in the Balanced Budget Act is that it penalizes the low-cost nonprofit agencies that had been doing a good job of holding down their expenses. The program needs to be entirely revamped.  The most important provision of our bill eliminates the automatic 15-percent reduction in Medicare home health payments that is now scheduled for October 1 of next year, whether or not a prospective payment system is enacted. I am not overstating the situation when I say that if another 15-percent cut is imposed on America's home health agencies, it would be a disaster. It would threaten our ability to provide these services to millions of senior citizens throughout this country.  A further 15-percent cut would be devastating. It would destroy the low-cost, cost-effective providers, and it would further reduce our seniors' access to home health care. Furthermore, as I mentioned earlier, it is entirely unnecessary because we have already achieved the budget savings that were anticipated in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. We have not only exceeded them, we have exceeded them by a factor of three.  Our legislation also provides for what we call supplemental ``outlier'' payments to home health agencies on a patient-by-patient basis. This is needed because there are some patients who are expensive to care for because they have complex and chronic health conditions that need a great deal of care. We heed to have a formula that recognizes that there are certain higher cost patients who are higher cost in a legitimate sense. It is still far cheaper to treat those patients through home health care than in a nursing home or hospital setting.  The provision in our bill removes the existing financial disincentive for agencies to care for patients with intensive medical needs. We know from the recent studies from GAO and the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission that those are the individuals whoare most at risk right now of losing access to home health services under the current interim payment system.  To decrease total costs in order to remain under their per-beneficiary limits, too many home health agencies have had to significantly reduce the number of visits, which in turn has increased the cost of each visit. We need to deal with the regulatory issues that I have mentioned, including OASIS, surety bonds, sequential billing, and the 15-minute incremental reporting requirement. Our legislation accomplishes these goals.  The Medicare Home Health Equity Act of 1999 will provide a measure of financial and regulatory relief to beleaguered home health agencies in order to ensure that our senior citizens have access to medically necessary home health services.  It has been a pleasure to work with the Senate majority leader, Senator Lott, as well as Senator Abraham, Senator Santorum, Senator Bond, and others who have been real leaders in this effort to come up with a solution to this very pressing problem. My hope is that we will make reforming the payment system for Medicare home health services a top priority this fall.  I yield back the remainder of my time to the Senator from Wyoming.  