President, I am delighted to offer the substitute amendment on this legislation on behalf of myself, Senator Robb, and Senator Moynihan. This amendment is also cosponsored by Senators Chafee, Breaux, Jeffords, Kennedy, Reed, Graham, Snowe, Gorton, Feinstein, Gregg, Landrieu, Bond, Levin, and Kerry. It is a revised version of the Foster Care Independence Act of 1999, which our beloved friend and late colleague, Senator John Chafee of Rhode Island, first introduced with Senator Rockefeller earlier this year.  I particularly commend the chairman and the ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee, Senator Roth and Senator Moynihan, for their leadership in negotiating and clearing this important bill so it could be sent to the President this year. Both have been long-time advocates for the well-being of foster children.  I also know Senator John Chafee would be so pleased that his son, Linc, is carrying on his efforts to help the well-being of foster children.  I thank the majority leader and the assistant majority leader for all of their work in helping us to bring this very important legislation to the Senate floor before we adjourn.  This legislation was very dear to the heart of Senator John Chafee. He recognized it as a rare opportunity to provide needed assistance to one of our Nation's most vulnerable groups, children in foster care programs. Senator Chafee was well known as a guardian of the rights of children, and he had a particular soft spot in his heart for children in foster care programs. He was a fierce advocate on their behalf.  It was tremendously important to Senator Chafee that we complete consideration of this legislation this year. This is why I am so proud this evening to be able to offer the substitute amendment as a tribute to Senator Chafee and to this commitment to help teenagers who are ``aging out'' of foster care.  Let me explain exactly what that means. Although practices vary from State to State, many foster children find themselves at risk of homelessness and being uninsured when they reach their 18th birthday. The families caring for them lose their financial assistance and the children themselves lose their health insurance coverage under the Medicaid program.  This can occur, even if the child is still in high school, even if the child has not yet graduated but has turned 18. Each year about 20,000 teenagers are forced to leave the foster care system simply because they have reached the age of 18. The legislation we are considering this evening will help remedy this very serious problem. It is similar to legislation that has already overwhelming passed the House of Representatives.  Among other things, the legislation renames the independent living programs for older foster children to be John H. Chafee Foster Care Independence Program. The legislation doubles the funding for States to assist young people in making the transition from foster care to independent living. It will double the funding from $70 million to $140 million a year.  The bill also provides access to needed health and mental health services for the teenagers who are ``aging out'' of foster care by encouraging States to extend Medicaid coverage to these young people until they reach the age of 21. Moreover, the legislation recognizes our moral obligation to provide special help for young people, age 18 to 21, who have left the foster care program.  The last hearing that Senator Chafee chaired was on the issue of foster care teenagers. I remember his discussing with me how deeply moved he was by a teenage girl who had to finish high school while living in a homeless shelter.  This legislation will help prevent these kinds of tragedies by requiring States to use some portion of their funds under the new John Chafee Independent Program for room and board for 18- to 21-year-olds who have left foster care. At the same time, the legislation also gives States greater flexibility in designing their independent living programs.  Senator Chafee and Senator Rockefeller brought together a lot of these older foster children to meet with a number of us who were interested in hearing their stories. We heard incredible hardships of teenagers who were trying to finish high school while coping with medical problems and the loss of their foster homes. One of them was living in laundromats, was brushing her teeth at a McDonald's, was trying to keep her life together under very difficult circumstances.  This simply should not occur. This bill will go a long way to prevent such awful situations by making sure we are helping these teenagers, these young adults as they transition from foster care to independent living.  The Foster Care Independence Act will provide much needed support to vulnerable teenagers as they make the critical and always difficult, under the best circumstances, transition from adolescence to adulthood. It will greatly improve the lives of hundreds of thousands of young people who will move through the foster care system in future years. As such, it serves as a tremendous living tribute to the late Senator John Chafee, who was so committed to their care.  I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting this very important legislation.  