President, I am pleased to offer a sense-of-the-Senate amendment to address a growing problem in this country, and that is the needless proliferation of area codes.  As many of my colleagues have witnessed in their own States, new area codes are being imposed upon consumers and businesses at a dizzying pace. While the modern technology of faxes, cell phones, pagers, and computer modems has played a role in creating this problem, area code exhaustion stems largely from the woefully inefficient system for allocating numbers to local telephone companies. This leads to the exhaustion of an area code long before all of the telephone numbers covered by that code actually have been used.  My own home State of Maine dramatically illustrates this problem. We have a population in Maine of approximately 1.2 million people. Within our ``207'' area code, there are roughly 8 million usable numbers and some 5.7 million of these numbers are still unused. Incredibly enough, however, Maine has been notified that it will be forced to add a new area code by the year 2001.  This paradigm of inefficiency in the midst of America's telecommunications revolution might almost be amusing were it not for the fact that it causes real hardships for many small businesses, particularly small businesses in the tourism industry. Businesspeople throughout my State, particularly in the coastal communities, have contacted me to express their concern. I have heard from a gallery owner in Rockport, an innkeeper in Bar Harbor, and a schooner captain in Rockland, who have expressed to me their concern about the costs involved in updating brochures, business cards, and other promotional literature, all of which will be necessitated by the creation of a new area code--the needless creation of a new area code. As one innkeeper told me, it takes as long as 2 years to revise certain guidebooks, which are the principal means by which he communicates with potential customers.  Changing the area code could lead to a significant loss in business for many small tourism businesses as well as unneeded expense for these small companies. Moreover, along with the economic costs, a new area code creates tremendous disruption and confusion for consumers.  The Federal Communications Commission has initiated a rulemaking procedure to address this growing problem. But since time is of the essence in ensuring that Maine and many other States not be forced to add another unnecessary area code, my amendment requires that the FCC release its final report and order no later than March 31 of next year.  It also specifies that the order shall minimize costs and disruptions to consumers and businesses located in all areas of the country, not just in major cities. The FCC right now appears to be focusing mainly on the larger markets and ignoring the implications for rural areas.  It is my understanding that this amendment is acceptable to the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee as well as the distinguished ranking minority member. I thank them very much for their cooperation and assistance in drafting this amendment, as well as for their cosponsorship of it.  