 This is a very complicated issue. On the surface, the Kennedy bill appears to have a great deal of appeal. It sounds so simple. It reminds me of that expression by H.L. Mencken when he said that for every complicated problem there is a solution that is simple, easy, and invariably wrong.  That fits the Kennedy bill on medical necessity.  Physicians clearly must play a central role in care decisions. No one disputes or wants to minimize the critical role of treating physicians in the process of determining what is medically appropriate and necessary care. However, the very same patient can go to different physicians, be told different things, and receive markedly different care.  This chart illustrates the problem. The Washington Family Physicians Collaborative Research Network studied how physicians treat bladder infections for adult women. This is the second most common problem seen in a physician's office. Mr. President, 137 treating physicians were asked to describe their treatment recommendations for a 30-year-old woman with a 1-day history of the infection and an uncomplicated urinary tract infection. They responded with 82 different treatment options.  Which of these is the prudent physician? Which of these 82 different treatments is the generally accepted principle of medical practice as provided by the Kennedy bill? The Kennedy bill would require health plans to cover all 82 different treatments without any thought being given to what is the best treatment, what is the most effective treatment, what is the newest treatment based on the latest in medical research.  Even if something is consistent with generally accepted principles and professional practice, it may not necessarily be the medically best treatment for that patient. Dr. Jack Wennberg is Dartmouth's premier expert in studying quality and medical outcomes. He testified before our committee recently that medical necessity in one community is unnecessary care in another.  Let me give an example from my home State of Maine. The Maine Medical Assessment Foundation conducts peer review and studies area variations in practice patterns in an effort to identify cases in which too many procedures being performed, unnecessarily putting patients at risk. They did a study that showed that physicians in one city in Maine were performing a disproportionately high rate of hysterectomies. They counseled the physicians in that city and were able to lower the rate, thus saving women from being exposed to unnecessary risks of surgery.  I ask my friends on the other side of the aisle, wasn't that review appropriate? Wasn't that review necessary? Wasn't that review a good idea to save these women from undergoing unnecessary hysterectomies?  Let me give some other examples. The Centers for Disease Control estimates that physicians performed 349,000 unnecessary C sections in 1991. Again, these women were placed at risk for unnecessary surgery. Isn't it a good idea to question in some of these cases the decision of the physician to order this unnecessary surgery?  Let me give yet another example. Despite solid evidence that women who undergo breast-sparing surgery followed by chemotherapy or radiation and women who undergo total mastectomies have similar survival rates, regional preferences--as opposed to medical necessity--still prevail in determining treatment.  There was a recent article in the New York Times which showed that the rate of mastectomies was 35 times higher for Medicare patients in one region of the country than in another. According to another study at Dartmouth, women in Rapid City, SD, were 33 times less likely to have breast-sparing surgery than women in a similar city in Ohio.  Yet another example involves children. Today, treatment for frequent ear infections includes the implantation of tubes. I have a nephew who had this procedure, and I am sure many ofmy colleagues have children who have gone through this as well. In fact, almost 700,000 children in the United States have had this procedure. According to a 1994 study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, however, this treatment is inappropriate for more than a quarter of these children.  