President, I offer this managers' amendment on behalf of myself and Senator Levin to clarify certain provisions of S. 335.  As I described in my opening statement, this legislation imposes a number of new standards on promotional mailings. The managers' amendment further defines the ``clear and conspicuous'' standard for the disclaimers and notices required in this bill. All disclaimers and notices must be ``clearly and conspicuously displayed,'' which means ``in a manner that is readily noticeable, readable and understandable to the group to whom the applicable matter is disseminated.''  During its investigation into deceptive sweepstakes mailings, the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations found numerous examples of mailings that misled consumers into believing that they must purchase a product to win a prize, or that a purchase will improve their chances of winning. The investigation showed that many mailings did not clearly inform consumers that no purchase was necessary to enter the sweepstakes and that buying a product did not increase their chances of winning. The disclaimers and notices in many existing sweepstakes mailings are of little value because they are too often buried in tiny print or contradicted by the promotional copy. Consumers should not need a law degree or a magnifying glass to read the rules or to decipher how to enter a sweepstakes without placing an order. In order to give some value to the disclaimers and consumer notices mandated by this bill, S. 335 requires each of these disclosures to be ``clearly and conspicuously displayed.''  The managers' amendment defines ``clearly and conspicuously displayed'' in a manner that is consistent with previous agency and court rulings. As the committee report for this legislation explains, the Federal Trade Commission has issued opinions on the meaning of ``clear and conspicuous'' and this standard is a staple of commercial law. The definition of clear and conspicuous, as used in S. 335, is meant to be consistent with the interpretation of the standard as developed in previous regulatory opinions, statements, and case law.  Thus, as the definition states, the required disclosures must be readily noticeable, readable, and understandable to the group to whom the matter is mailed. As the committee report notes, in some instances, the language may need to be highlighted, in bold letters, or placed in a visible location. We recognize that the format and layout of promotional mailings differ dramatically and, accordingly, the presentation of each required disclosure will necessarily vary. Thus, we believe it is unwise to dictate the size, font, color, or placement of each disclaimer imposed on promotional mailings. The definition in this managers' amendment, however, gives the regulators broad guidance to interpret on a case-by-case basis what is required for a disclaimer or notice to qualify as ``clearly and conspicuously displayed.''  The committee report accompanying S. 335 provides a detailed description of the clear and conspicuous standard asenunciated by the Federal Trade Commission and in court decisions. The standard was designed to prevent deception, and we expect those enforcing this Act to make use of this standard to protect consumers receiving promotional mailings from deceptive practices. We agree with the Federal Trade Commission that deception occurs if there is a representation, omission, or practice that is likely to mislead the reasonable consumer or his or her detriment.  Furthermore, the managers' amendment adds the word ``prominently'' to the two most significant disclosures required by S. 335: first, that no purchase is necessary to enter the sweepstakes; and second, that a purchase will not increase an individual's chances of winning with that entry. S. 335 already places significance on these two disclaimers by requiring that they appear in three different places in most sweepstakes mailings: (1) the mailing, (2) the rules, and (3) the entry or order form. Because the subcommittee's investigation found strong evidence that some consumers believed a purchase would increase their chances of winning, we view these two disclosures as particularly important. As such, and because of the brevity of these disclosures, we believe that it is particularly important that they be easily identifiable by the reader.  The Federal Trade Commission has used a variety of terms to describe clear and conspicuous, including sufficiently clear and prominent. Because many of the other disclosures required by S.  335 may be lengthy and may only appear in one place in a mailing, we believe that what is ``clear and conspicuous'' for one disclaimer may differ from what is necessitated by another. A disclosure of a few words, such as ``no purchase necessary,'' would by its very nature dictate a different yardstick than would the entire contest rules, which might consist of several hundred words. We expect all disclosures to be clear and conspicuous but these two disclosures should be ``prominent'' in the three required places in each mailing.  The managers' amendment also makes several technical changes. it removes duplicative language from several different disclosures required by S. 335. These deletions, however, are not intended in any way to weaken the overall requirement that disclosures must be ``clearly and conspicuously displayed.'' The managers' amendment also deletes a somewhat duplicative requirement relating to advantages that a sweepstakes might imply are given to those entries that accompany a purchase. Given the disclaimer which states that a purchase will not improve the contestant's chance of winning, we determined that this provision was superfluous.  Finally, the managers' amendment replaces section 8 of the bill reported by the Governmental Affairs Committee with new language requiring all companies sending sweepstakes or skill contest mailings to establish a system for removing the names of individuals who do not wish to receive such mailings. Section 8, as reported out of the Committee on Governmental Affairs, established a uniform notification system for most sweepstakes and contest mailings.  Under the new provisions companies would be required--on a company-by-company basis--to include on their mailings a notice of the address or toll-free telephone number that individuals could contact to request that their names be removed from future mailings. Such names must be removed within 35 days after appropriate notice. If a mailing is recklessly sent to consumers who have requested not to receive further solicitations, the mailer shall be subject to a penalty of $10,000. This section shall take effect one year after enactment of this legislation. We commend our colleague and friend Senator Edwards for his strong leadership in crafting this proposal.  In closing, I thank my colleagues, particularly Senator Levin, for their assistance in crafting this managers' amendment, and I urge its adoption.  