President, I rise today in support of the Jeffords amendment to delay implementation of the final pricing rule on Federal milk market order reform. The intent of this amendment is to delay the expiration of the Northeast Dairy Compact. I am proud to be a strong supporter of the Compact, which is a proven success that is critical to the survival of dairy farmers in Maine and throughout New England.  First approved by Congress in the 1996 farm bill, the New England Dairy Compact already has a proven track record of quantifiable benefits to both consumers and farmers. The Compact works simply by evening out the peaks and valleys in fluid milk prices, providing stability to the cost of milk and ensuring a supply a fresh, wholesome, local milk.  This past year, the Compact has proven its worth to both dairy farmers and consumers. As prices climbed and farmers were receiving a sustainable price for milk, the Compact turned off, allowing the market to function through principles of supply and demand. But when prices dropped sharply, the Compact was triggered to soften and slow the blow to farmers of an abrupt and dramatic drop in the volatile, often unpredictable milk market.  Consumers also benefit from the Compact. Not only does the Compact stabilize prices, thus avoiding dramatic fluctuation in the retail cost of milk, it also guarantees that the consumer is assured the availability of a supply of fresh, local milk. We've known for a long time that dairy products are an important part of a healthy diet, but recent studies are proving that dairy products provide a host of previously unknown nutritional benefits. Just as we are learning of the tremendous health benefits of dairy foods, however, milk consumption, especially among young people, is dropping. It is a crucial, common-sense, first step to reverse this trend, for milk to be available and consistently affordable for young families.  Finally, the Compact, while providing clear benefits to dairy producers and consumers in the Northeast, has proven it does not harm farmers or taxpayers from outside the region. A 1998report by the Office of Management and Budget showed that, during the first 6-months of the Compact, it did not adversely affect farmers from outside the Compact region and added no costs to Federal nutrition programs.  Mr. President, many of Maine's dairy farmers tell me that the Compact is critical to their long-term survival and ability to continue to maintain a way of life vital to rural communities. On behalf of these farmers and consumers throughout New England and the country, I urge my colleagues to support the Jeffords amendment.  