President, I rise in support of S. 314, the Small Business Year 2000 Readiness Act. The bill establishes a guaranteed loan program for small businesses in order to remediate existing computer systems or to purchase new Year 2000 compliant equipment. The loan program would be modeled after the Small Business Administration's popular 7(a) loan program, which has provided thousands of small businesses funding to grow their operations.  Many small businesses are having difficulty determining how they will be affected by the millennium bug and what they should do about it. Many of them face not only technological but also severe financial challenges in becoming Y2K-compliant. This legislation will help provide peace of mind to the small business community throughout the nation, which we must help prepare now for the coming crisis.  The Small Business Year 2000 Readiness Act would encourage business to focus on Year 2000 computer problems before they are upon us. A successful program being operated in my State underscores the benefits to such forethought.  Through the efforts of the Maine Manufacturing Extension Partnership (MEP), a program funded through the National Institutes of Science and Technology, small businesses have been successful in addressing their Y2K problems. With the use of an assessment tool, the Maine MEP is able to provide small business owners road maps for addressing critical Y2K issues concerning accounting systems, computerized production equipment, environmental management systems, and supplier vulnerabilities.  Once the Maine MEP completes an assessment of technical Y2K problems, it instructs the small business owner on how to apply for a loan from the Small Business Administration. As it turns out, this step is crucial. Small business owners have commented that, while they need help in determining their Y2K exposure, it is just as important to have a place to turn for funding so that they can take action to correct possible problems. Because businesses often do not budget for Y2K problems, it is vital to give businesses some assurance that they will be able to borrow the funds necessary to remediate their systems. The Small Business Year 2000 Readiness Act does exactly that.  My home State of Maine has over 35,000 small businesses, which were responsible for all of the net new jobs created in our State from 1992 through 1996. With their diversity and innovation, small businesses are the backbone of our economy and the engine fueling job growth.  Mr. President, by their very definition entrepreneurs are risk managers. In the years that I have been working with small businesses, I am aware of countless experiences where the entrepreneurial spirit has propelled business owners to overcome major obstacles to succeed. With the financial assistance that this new SBA loan program will offer, it is my expectation that small businesses will indeed succeed in squashing their Y2K bug.  