President, I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of the amendment offered by Senator Jeffords. The amendment would require the federal government to make good on its commitment to fund special education before it made any additional promises it might not keep.  When Congress passed the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act in 1975, the federal government made a commitment to the states and to the local school districts to help states meet the cost of special education. The federal government promised to pay each state 40 percent of the national average per capita cost of providing elementary and secondary education for each student receiving special education. For the school year 1996-1997, the national average expenditure was $5,913 per student. The federal payment to the states, however, was only $636 per student or slightly more than ten percent of the total cost and about one fourth of the $2,365 promised.  We must meet our commitment to special education and end this unfunded mandate. Maine is promised $80 million by the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. Yet, in 1998, it received less than $20 million toward the $200 million federal law requires the state to spend on special education. In short, special education is an unfunded federal mandate of $60 million that must be met by the citizens of Maine through already burdensome state income and local property taxes. This accounts for millions of dollars annually that can not be used for school construction, for teacher salaries, for new computers, or for any other state effort to improve the performance of our elementary and secondary school students.  We need to increase federal spending on education, but we do not need new federal categorical programs with more federal regulations and dollars wasted on administrative costs. Rather, we need to meet our commitment to bear our fair share of special education costs. As the Governor of Maine told President Clinton last week, ``If you want to do something for schools in Maine, then fund special education and we can hire our own teachers and build our own schools.'' This is true for every state. The best thing this Congress can do for education is to fully fund our share of special education and at the same time return control of the schools to the states and local communities by passing the Education Flexibility Act.  These two actions will empower our states and communities to meet the challenge of improving schools. Instead of presuming that we in Washington know what is best for every school across the country, let us acknowledge that each of our individual states and towns knows what is needed on a state-by-state and community-by-community basis. I urge my colleagues to give our states and local communities the financial support they have been promised and the freedom to educate our students as they see fit. We can do this by adopting this amendment to fully fund the federal share of special education and then passing the Local Control of Education Act.  