President, I rise to offer a sense-of-the-Senate resolution to give the Senate the opportunity to express its clear commitment to ensuring that Federal gasoline tax revenues in fiscal year 2000 be distributed to the 50 States in accordance with the formula in the 1998 highway bill, the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century--or TEA-21 bill, as it is frequently called.  Mr. President, let me explain the action that has prompted my amendment and my concern. President Clinton's fiscal year 2000 budget contains a proposal which essentially changes the gas tax rules in the middle of the game. The President would distribute approximately $1 billion in higher-than-expected Federal gas tax revenues to a variety of transportation projects, rather than following the formula in the current law. Instead of distributing these extra moneys to the States, as required by the 1998 highway bill, enacted only 9 months ago, the President would divert these funds to other projects.  To be precise, section 1105 of last year's highway bill expressly provides that any additional Federal gas tax revenues above the levels envisioned in the act should be distributed to 50 States under the highway bill's formulas. These funds are extremely important to the States. They support a variety of important transportation programs authorized by the TEA-21 bill.  It now appears that the Federal Government will receive roughly $1.5 billion in extra Federal gasoline tax revenues next year. The President, however, proposes to take $1 billion of these extra revenues and spend them on a variety of Federal transportation programs, contravening current Federal law.  Mr. President, if the full $1.5 billion were allocated to the States under existing law, the State of Maine would receive roughly $7 million in much needed additional highway funds in fiscal year 2000. Under the President's proposal, however, which diverts $1 billion of these gasoline tax funds, the State of Maine would receive only $3.4 million in extra highway funds. This is a reduction of more than 50 percent in the funds that would otherwise be allocated to the State of Maine.  In short, if President Clinton's proposal were implemented, the State of Maine would lose approximately $3.6 million in critically needed Federal highway funds next year. The President's plan is unfair to Maine, it is unfair to the other States, and it should not be implemented. It changes course midstream in a way that harms our States' ability to meet their transportation needs. States should be able to rely on the Federal Government to abide by the commitment that it made only last May.  Mr. President, I am very pleased that the Budget Committee's report accompanying the budget resolution states as follows:       The committee-reported resolution does not assume the      President's proposal to change the distribution of additional      Highway Trust Fund revenues under TEA-21.  My sense-of-the-Senate resolution simply clarifies this language and reiterates the intent behind it. That is, that we should follow the dictates of the 1998 highway bill and allow any and all extra Federal gas tax moneys to go to the States under the terms and the conditions of the highway law.  Approving the sense-of-the-Senate resolution would allow the Senate to clearly express its disapproval of the President's plan. We should not change the rules. We should follow the allocation in the highway bill. We should keep the promise that we made just last May.  I yield the floor.  