President, I yield myself such time as I may consume from general debate on the bill under the unanimous consent agreement.  I am pleased that the Senate has begun debate on the Patients' Bill of Rights and the Patients' Bill of Rights Plus. There is a growing unease across this Nation about changes in how we receive our health care. People worry that if they or their loved ones become ill, their HMO may deny them coverage and force them to accept either inadequate care or financial ruin, or perhaps even both. They believe that vital decisions affecting their lives will be made not by a supportive family doctor but, rather, by an unfeeling bureaucracy.  Our goal this week should be to join together to work in a bipartisan way to enact legislation that accomplishes three major purposes.  First, it should protect patients' rights and hold HMOs accountable for the care they promise.  Second, it should expand, not contract, Americans' access to affordable health care.  And, third, it should improve health care quality and outcomes.  I believe all of us should be able to agree that medically necessary patient care should not be sacrificed to the bottom line and that health care decisions should be in the hands of medical professionals, not insurance accountants or trial lawyers.  We do face an extremely delicate balancing act as we attempt to respond to concerns about managed care without resorting to unduly burdensome Federal controls and mandates that will further drive up the cost of insurance and cause some people to lose their health insurance altogether.  That is the crux of the debate we are undertaking this week. The crux of this debate is how can we make sure that we address those critical concerns we all have about managed care without so driving up the cost of the health insurance people have--as the Kennedy bill would do--that we jeopardize coverage for thousands, indeed millions, of Americans.  As the President's Advisory Commission on Consumer Protection and Quality noted in its report, ``costs matter . . . the Commission has sought to balance the need for stronger consumer rights with the need to keep coverage affordable. . . Health coverage is the best consumer protection.''  I think President Clinton's quality commission hit it right. I believe they have stated exactly what the debate is before us. I, therefore, have been alarmed by recent reports that American employers everywhere, from giant multinational corporations to the tiny corner store, are facing huge hikes in medical insurance averaging 8 percent and sometimes soaring to 20 percent or more.  This is a remarkable contrast to the past few years when premiums rose less than 3 percent, if at all. I am particularly concerned about the impact these rising costs are having on small businesses and their employees.  A survey of small employers conducted by the United States Chamber of Commerce earlier this year found that, on average, small businesses were hit with a 20-percent premium hike last year. More important, of the small employers surveyed, 10 percent were forced to discontinue health care coverage for their employees because of these premium increases. Over half of the employers surveyed indicated that they switched to a lower cost plan, while an overwhelming majority indicated that they had passed the additional costs of these premium hikes on to their employees through increased deductibles, higher copays, or premium hikes.  This, too, is very troubling since it will induce many more employees, especially lower wage workers and their families, who are disproportionately affected by increased costs, to turn down coverage when it is offered to them. Indeed, in the HELP Committee, on which I serve, we saw a GAO report which indicated that an increasing number of American employees are turning down the health insurance offered by their employers because they simply cannot afford to pay their share of the costs.  It is no wonder that the ranks of uninsured Americans increased dramatically last year to 43 million people--the highest percentage in a decade. This is happening at a time when our economy is thriving. Imagine what could happen in an economic downturn.  We know that increasing health insurance premiums cause significant losses in coverage. That is the primary reason that I am so opposed to the Kennedy bill. According to the Congressional Budget Office, the Kennedy bill, that has been laid down before us, will increase health insurance premiums by an additional 6.1 percent over and above the premium increases we have already experienced or are likely to experience as a result of a resurgent increase in health care inflation.  The CBO report goes on to note that:       Employers could respond to premium increases in a variety      of ways. They could drop health insurance [coverage]      entirely, reduce the generosity of the benefit package [in      other words, cut back on the benefits that are provided],      increase cost-sharing by [their employees], or increase the      employee's share of the premium.  CBO assumed that employers would deflect about 60 percent of the increase in premiums through these strategies. In other words, 60 percent of this increased cost is going to go right to American workers. The remaining increase in premiums would be passed on to workers in the form of lower wages. In short, it is the workers of America, it is the employees, who will be paying this increased cost.  Lewin Associates, a well-respected health consulting firm, in a study forthe AFL-CIO, has estimated that for every 1 percent increase in premiums, 300,000 Americans have their health insurance jeopardized. Based on these projections, passage of the Kennedy bill would result in the loss of coverage for more than 1.8 million Americans. That is more than the entire population of my home State of Maine.  The Kennedy bill should be more aptly titled the ``Patients Bill of Costs'' because ultimately it will be the patient who will get hit with higher health care costs if the Kennedy bill is approved.  Our legislation, by contrast, provides the key protections that consumers want without causing costs to soar. It responsibly applies these protections where they are needed. The legislation does not preempt but, rather, builds upon the good work that States have done in the area of patients' rights and protections. States have had the primary responsibility for the regulation of health insurance since the 1940s.  I spent 5 years in State government as a member of the Governor's cabinet and was responsible for the Bureau of Insurance. I know State insurance regulators have done a good job in protecting the rights and needs of their consumers in their State. In fact, they have been far ahead of the Federal Government in responding to concerns about managed care.  For example, 47 States have passed laws prohibiting ``gag clauses'' that restrict communications between patients and their doctors. As a consequence, as the CBO notes in its report on the Kennedy bill, ``Several studies have shown that few plans impose such restrictions today.''  Forty States have requirements for emergency care. All 50 States have requirements for grievance procedures. And 36 States require direct access to an OB/GYN.  States have acted without any mandate from Washington, without any prod from Washington, to protect their consumers. Moreover, one size does not fit all; what might be appropriate for one State may not fit for the consumers in another.  Florida, for example, provides for direct access to a dermatologist, which is understandable given the high rate of skin cancer in that State. In the State of Maine, another kind of mandate may be more appropriate. Similarly, what may be appropriate for California, which has a high penetration of HMOs, may simply not be necessary in a rural State such as Wyoming where there is little or no managed care. In such States, a new blanket of heavyhanded Federal mandates in coverage requirements will simply drive up costs and impede, not enhance, health care. That is why the National Association of Insurance Commissioners supports the approach we have taken in our bill.  Currently, Federal law prohibits States from regulating the self-funded, employer-sponsored health plans that cover 48 million Americans. Our bill, which is intended to protect the unprotected consumer, extends many of the same rights and protections to these individuals and their families that those in State-regulated health plans already enjoy.  For the first time, people in self-funded plans will be guaranteed the right to talk freely and openly with their doctors about treatment options without being subjected to any kind of ``gag clauses'' that limit their communications. They will be guaranteed coverage for emergency room care that a ``prudent layperson'' would consider medically necessary without having to get prior authorization from their health plan. They will be able to see their OB/GYN or pediatrician without a referral from their plan's ``gatekeeper.'' They will have the option of seeing a doctor who is outside the HMO's network. They will also be guaranteed access to nonformulary drugs when it is medically necessary, and they will have an assurance of continuity of care if their health care plan terminates its contract with their doctor or hospital.  The opponents of our legislation contend that the Federal Government should preempt the States' patient protection laws unless they have already enacted identical protections. However, the States' approaches vary widely--for good reasons. Moreover, if we start adopting a Washington-knows-best approach to health care, we will have HCFA deciding whether a State has met the test of a Federal regulation. Our experience with other laws should show that is not a good idea.  Other provisions of our bill provide new protections for additional millions of other Americans. These are the procedural protections that are in our bill. A key provision of our bill builds upon the existing regulatory framework under ERISA to give all 124 million Americans in employer-sponsored plans the assurance that they will get the care they need when they need it.  The legislation will enhance and improve current ERISA information disclosure requirements and penalties and strengthen existing requirements for coverage determinations, grievances and appeals, including--and this is the most important provision of our bill--the addition of a new requirement for strong, independent, external review that is available at no cost to the patient.  All 124 million Americans in employer-sponsored plans will be entitled to clear and complete information about their health plan--about what it covers and what it does not cover, about any cost-sharing requirements, and about the plan's providers. Helping patients understand their coverage before they need to use it will help to avoid disputes about coverage later.  The goal of any patients' rights legislation should be to resolve disputes about coverage up front when the care is needed, not months or even years later in a courtroom, as the Kennedy bill proposes. Our legislation would accomplish this goal by creating a strong internal and external review process. Both appeals processes are available at no cost to the patient.  Here is how it would work. First, patients or doctors who are unhappy with an HMO's decision could appeal it internally through a review conducted by individuals with appropriate expertise who are not involved in the initial decision. Moreover, this review would have to be conducted by a physician, if the denial is based on a determination that the service is not medically necessary or that it was experimental treatment. Patients would expect results from this review within 30 days, or 72 hours, in cases where delay poses a serious risk to the patient's health.  Let's say that after this internal review process is completed, the patient or the physician is still unhappy with the decision; let's say that the internal review upheld the HMO's decision. There is still another protection in our bill. Patients turned down by this internal review would then have the right to a free, independent, external review conducted by medical experts who are completely independent of the insurance plan.  This review must be completed within 30 days, and even faster, if there is a medical emergency or a risk to the patient's life or health. Moreover, the decision of these outside reviewers is binding on the health plan. It is not binding on the patient.  If you have been denied care you think you need, you can apply for an internal review. If you are not happy with that review, you can go on to an independent external review, and the decision of the physician, who has to have expertise in the condition at issue, is binding on the health plan, but it is not binding on you, if you are still unhappy. If you are still unhappy with the decision made, the patient would still have the right, would retain the right to sue in Federal or State court for attorney's fees, for court costs, for the value of the benefit, and injunctive relief. Really, it is a three-stage appeals process: First, an internal review, an external appeal, and then you can still go to court to sue for the benefit and for your attorney's fees and court costs.  The purpose of our legislation is to place treatment decisions in the hands of doctors, not insurance company accountants, and not in the hands of trial lawyers. If your HMO denies treatment that your physician believes is medically necessary, you should not have to resort to a costly and lengthy court battle to get the care you need. You should not have to hire a lawyer. You should not have to file an expensive lawsuit to get the treatment.  Our approach contrasts with the approach taken in the Kennedy bill, which encourages patients to sue their health plans. I simply do not believe you can sue your way to quality health care. We should solve problems abouthealth care coverage upfront, when the care is needed, not months or even years later, after the harm has occurred.  Let's look at the experience with medical malpractice cases. According to the GAO, it takes an average of 33 months to resolve malpractice cases. This does nothing to ensure a patient's right to timely and appropriate care. Moreover, patients receive only 43 cents out of every dollar awarded in malpractice cases. Exposing health plans and employers to greater liability would force plans to cover unnecessary services that do not benefit patients in order to avoid costly litigation and to make decisions based not on the best practice protocols but, rather, on the latest jury verdicts and court decisions or out of fear of being sued.  The noted Princeton health economist Uwe Reinhardt was quoted in this Sunday's Washington Post as saying that he believes the financial impact of the Kennedy bill's liability provisions would be profound. He noted:       In the end, we're back again to basically the open-ended      deal where the individual physician makes a judgment and no      one dares question it.  Mr. President, all of us treasure the relationships we have with our physicians. We are also well aware of studies that have shown there have been unnecessary hysterectomies, for example, or the use of mastectomy when removal of a lump from a breast would suffice. That is why we need to have reviews based on the best medical evidence and decisionmaking possible.  The President's Advisory Commission on Consumer Protection and Quality specifically rejected expanded lawsuits for health plans because the commission believed it would have serious consequences for the entire health care industry. I agree with that assessment. The last thing we need is to introduce more costly litigation into our health care system.  At a time when the tort system of the United States has been criticized as inefficient, expensive, and of little benefit to the injured, the Kennedy bill would be bad medicine for American families, workers, and employers, driving up the cost of health insurance and jeopardizing coverage for some who need it most.  Our concern is not just theoretical. I met with a group, a very good group of Maine employers who care deeply about their employees. They expressed to me their serious concerns about the Kennedy proposal to expand liability for health plans and employers. For example, the representative from Bowdoin College in Maine talked about how moving to a self-funded ERISA plan had enabled the college to greatly improve the coverage it provided to Bowdoin's employees and to offer affordable coverage to them.  Since the college is self-funded, it has actually been able to lower premiums for its employees while at the same time providing an enhanced benefit package with such features as well baby care, free annual physicals, and prescription drug cards with low copayments. The people at Bowdoin College told me that the Kennedy proposal to expand liability would seriously jeopardize their ability to offer affordable coverage for their employees. In fact, they told me they would probably abandon their self-funded plan and go back into the insurance market and, thus, buy a plan that would have fewer benefits for their employees in order to avoid this increased risk of liability and litigation.  Similar concerns were expressed to me by the Maine Municipal Association, which represents cities and towns throughout Maine, L.L. Bean, Bath Iron Works, and many other responsible Maine employers.  Unlike the Kennedy bill, the Republican bill contains key provisions that will help hold down the cost of health care while improving health care quality and holding HMOs accountable.  For example, I am particularly pleased that our bill contains a proposal, introduced by my colleague, the senior Senator from Maine, that prohibits insurers from discriminating on the basis of predictive genetic information. Genetic testing holds tremendous promise for individuals who have a genetic predisposition to breast cancer and other diseases and conditions with a genetic link. However, this promise is significantly threatened when insurance companies use the results of such testing to deny or limit coverage to consumers on the basis of genetic information.  Our legislation also establishes the agency for health care research and quality, an initiative of our physician in the Senate, Mr. Frist from Tennessee. The purpose of these provisions is to foster an overall improvement in health care quality, to bridge the gap between what we know and what we do in health care today.  Most important, the Republican bill will expand access to health insurance for millions more Americans by making it more affordable. This is the key difference between the two alternatives before the Senate. Our bill would expand access to health care, a critical issue at a time when we have 43 million uninsured Americans. The Kennedy bill would constrict access and jeopardize coverage for many Americans. The biggest obstacle to health care in the United States today is simply cost. This is due, in part, to the Tax Code's inequitable treatment of people who do not receive health insurance through their employers. Some 25 million Americans are in families headed by self-employed individuals, and, of these, 5 million are uninsured. The Republican bill will make health insurance more affordable for these Americans by allowing self-employed individuals to deduct the full amount of their health care premiums.  I have never understood the policy behind our Tax Code that allows a large corporation to deduct 100 percent of the cost of the health insurance premiums that it is providing to its employees but restricts a self-employed individual to a deduction of only 45 percent. Our bill would move that to 100 percent immediately. This would help reduce the number of uninsured working Americans. It would help make health insurance more affordable to the 82,000 people in Maine who are self-employed. They include our lobster men, our hair dressers, our electricians, our plumbers, and the owners of our gift shops, which we hope all of you will visit this summer along the coast of Maine. It includes so many hard-working Mainers for whom the cost of health insurance is simply out of reach.  Mr. President, I believe that the Republican approach strikes the right balance, as we effectively address concerns about quality and choice without resorting to unduly burdensome Federal controls and expensive, bureaucratic, new Federal mandates that will further drive up costs and cause some Americans to lose their health insurance altogether.  I urge my colleagues to join in supporting the Republican health task force legislation.  I reserve the remainder of our time.  