President, yesterday I offered an amendment to the Taxpayer Refund Act of 1999. My good friend Senator Coverdell and I crafted this amendment to help our public school teachers pursue professional development and pay for incidental supplies for their classrooms.  Our amendment will allow teachers to deduct their professional development expenses without subjecting the deduction to the existing two percent floor. It will also allow teachers to deduct up to $125 for books, supplies, and equipment related to their teaching.  Mr. President, while our amendment provides financial relief for teachers, its ultimate beneficiaries will be their students. Other than involved parents, a well-qualified teacher is the most important prerequisite for student success. Educational researchers have demonstrated the close relationship between qualified teachers and successful students. Moreover, teachers themselves understand how important professional development is to maintaining and extending their levels of competence. When I meet with teachers from Maine, they repeatedly tell me of their need for more professional development and the scarcity of financial support for this worthy pursuit.  The willingness of Maine's teachers to fund their own professional development activities has impressed me deeply. For example, an English teacher who serves on my Educational Policy Advisory Committee told me of spending her own money to attend a curriculum conference. She is typical of many teachers who generously reach into their own pockets to pay for professional development and to purchase materials that enhance their teaching.  Let me explain how our amendment works in terms of real dollars. The average yearly salary of a teacher in 1997 was about $38,500. Under current law, a teacher making this salary could not deduct the first $770 in professional development and incidental instruction-related expenses that he or she paid for out of pocket. Our amendment would see to it that teachers receive tax relief for all such expenses.  I greatly admire the many teachers who have voluntarily financed the additional education that they need to improve their skills and to serve their students better and who purchase books, supplies, equipment and other materials that enhance their teaching. I hope that this change in our tax code will encourage teachers to continue to take formal course work in the subject matter that they teach, to complete graduate degrees in either their subject matter or in education, and to attend conferences to give them new ideas for presenting course work in a challenging manner. This amendment will reimburse teachers for a small part of what they invest in our children's future.  Mr. President, this would be money well spent. Investing in education is the surest way for us to build one of the most important assets for our country's future, a well-educated population. We need to ensure that our public schools have the best teachers possible in order to bring out the best in our students. Adopting this amendment will help us to accomplish this goal. I thank my colleagues in joining Senator Coverdell and me in support of this effort.  