 Mr. President, I rise today in strong support and as a proud cosponsor of the Chafee-Breaux bipartisan compromise plan. I commend the Senator from Louisiana and the Senator from Rhode Island for their leadership in bringing Members together to craft this important proposal. This amendment represents a fair, prudent, and responsible compromise between and among the competing proposals we have been debating. It is a sensible bipartisan plan.  In crafting this proposal, our bipartisan coalition has been guided by several principles. The first is perhaps best summed up by the expression, ``Don't count your chickens until they are hatched.'' We know, based on CBO estimates for the next 10 years, that we may have a projected surplus of $3 trillion. However, $1.9 trillion of that surplus is due to a surplus in the Social Security trust fund. I don't think we should spend a penny of the Social Security trust fund surplus for either tax cuts or for spending increases on non-Social Security-related programs. That should be reserved for paying Social Security benefits and for Social Security reform.  That leaves roughly $1 trillion to decide how we are going to allocate. Our bipartisan coalition believes adopting a more prudent tax relief goal of approximately $500 billion over the next 10 years will provide millions of families in Maine and across the country with much-needed tax relief, while at the same time guarding against the possibility that the current surplus projections may not be fully realized in the years to come. Our proposal allows for additional amounts of the public debt to be paid down, as well as reserving extra funds that could be used to preserve and protect Medicare, to strengthen education, and for other priority programs.  Our second principle is to target the tax relief we are providing. In this time of economic good fortune, we should focus our tax relief on hard-working lower-income and middle-income families. Our proposal would do just that. It allows for additional public debt to be paid off while removing 3 million low-income taxpayers from the tax rolls altogether. In addition, it slices the marginal tax rate nearly in half for another 4 million Americans.  The third principle we have adhered to is quite simply pragmatism. In order to craft, to pass, and actually enact into law a tax relief bill, we must offer a plan that enjoys bipartisan support. Our proposal meets this test and in the process offers a blueprint for reasonable tax relief that should and could become law. Indeed, I predict that ultimately what will be signed into law will be very close to the proposal the bipartisan coalition has put forth today.  In addition to this broad-based tax relief, our proposal includes a number of compelling tax relief measures. For example, the amendment provides substantial relief for the unfair marriage tax penalty that causes many married couples to pay more taxes together than they would if they had remained separate. It also contains important health care-related tax proposals that I, along with many other Senators, have advocated for some time. That includes a 100-percent deduction for self-employed individuals purchasing their own health insurance, as well as the deduction for the purchase of long-term care insurance.  In addition, our amendment contains valuable estate tax relief provisions to help our family businesses and our family farms stay in the family. It includes provisions that I sponsored to help families save for college education of their children as well as to encourage the environmental benefits that come from biomass plants.  An astute, perhaps even a casual, observer might well notice that our bipartisan coalition's plan bears a striking resemblance to the plan put forth by the Finance Committee. It is, however, a slimmed down version of the Finance Committee bill in that it trims about $300 billion from the Finance Committee legislation.  I urge the adoption of the Chafee-Breaux amendment. It seems a good middle ground that best provides tax relief in a prudent way for American families.  