President, I rise on behalf of Senator Gregg and myself to offer a Sense of the Senate Amendment to reaffirm the commitment of the United States government to make good on the promise it made in 1975 to fund special education and to reject the President's efforts to undermine this commitment.  When Congress passed the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act in 1975, the federal government promised states and local school districts that Washington would help them meet the cost of educating students with special needs. The federal government pledged to pay 40 percent of the average cost of providing elementary and secondary education for each student receiving special education. Unfortunately, the federal government has failed to meet this obligation, creating an unfunded mandate that must be borne by every state and community in America.  Due to the efforts of Senator Gregg and others, we are making progress. The appropriation for Fiscal Year 1999 contained a 13 percent increase in special education funding. As the Table behind me shows, the Budget Resolution before the Senate increases funding for K-12 education by $27.5 billion more than the President's budget over the next five years. This includes an increase of $2.5 billion dollars for special education over the next five years.  We must not retreat from our commitment to fund special education, as the President's budget proposes to do. This Sense of the Senate resolution will make clear that we reject the President's flat funding of special education grants to the states. Instead, it expresses the Senate's intention to fulfill the pledge made years ago.  What would this mean for our states and local school districts? Let's take my home State of Maine as an example. In the 1997-1998 school year, the total cost of special education was $189 million dollars. The Individuals with Disabilities Act promised Maine $2,318 per student receiving special education services, but the federal government only sent the states slightly more than $535 per student--which means that Maine received $57 million dollars less than what had been promised.  For the current school year, the increased appropriation for special education brings the federal payment to $638 per student but still leaves a shortfall that exceeds $55 million. The President's budget proposal for fiscal year 2000, however, reverses this progress and allows the federal shortfall in Maine alone to grow to almost $59 million. According the U.S. Department of Education, the unmet mandate will reach over $11 billion nationally. We can not continue to shift this burden to our local communities. We must meet the federal commitment to help pay for special education and end this unfunded mandate.  I want to quote briefly from a letter I received last week from the Governor of Maine. In the letter, Governor Angus King describes the consequence of this mandate on Maine's communities.       The costs of special education (in Maine) . . . continue to      grow dramatically, at nearly twice the rate of increase in      overall education spending. The federal mandate to provide      all children with a free and appropriate education is being      met, but the rising costs of special education are borne by      local property taxpayers. The fiscal pain of meeting this      mandate is dividing our communities around an issue on which      we should be united--helping every child meet this or her      full potential, without regard to disability.  In Maine, meeting this mandate accounts for millions of dollars annually, dollars that otherwise could be used for school construction, teacher salaries, new computers, or any other state effort to improve the performance of our students.  We need to increase federal spending on education, but we do not need new federal categorical programs with more federal regulations and dollars wasted on administrative costs. Rather we need to meet our commitment to bear our fair share of special education costs. As Governor King told President Clinton several weeks ago, ``If you want to do something for schools in Maine, then fund special education and we can hire our own teachers and build our own schools.'' This is true for every state. The best thing this Congress can do for education is to move toward fully funding, the federal government's share of special education--not standing in place as the President's budget would have us do.  I urge my colleagues to support this commitment to give our states and local communities the financial help they have been promised and so desperately need. Let's finally keep the promise made more than 20 years ago.  