 Mr. President, I am pleased that the Senate is now considering S. 335, the Deceptive Mail Prevention and Enforcement Act, legislation I authored along with my colleagues, Senator Levin, Senator Cochran, Senator Edwards, Senator Durbin, and Senator Specter.  S. 335 is the product of an extensive investigation and 2 days of public hearings held by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which I chair. This legislation would establish for the first time tough new Federal standards for sweepstakes and other promotional mailings.  For example, these mailings would be required to clearly inform consumers that a purchase is not necessary to win the contest and that a purchase will not increase their chances of winning. In addition to these important consumer protections, the bill confers additional investigative and enforcement authority on the U.S. Postal Service and authorizes civil fines of up to $2 million for companies that violate the consumer protection standards.  This comprehensive measure has the support of the AARP, the National Consumers League, and the U.S. Postal Service.  I particularly recognize the leadership roles played by several members of the committee. Senator Levin, in particular, has long been a leader in the effort to curtail deceptive mailings. Senator Cochran held some of the first hearings on this issue. Senator Edwards, Senator Specter, and Senator Durbin all contributed greatly to our investigation.  Let me also express my appreciation for the assistance provided by the chairman of the Governmental Affairs Committee, Senator Thompson, and by the committee's ranking minority member, Senator Lieberman.  In addition, I salute Senator Campbell, who was one of the first to call attention to the growing problems of deceptive sweepstakes mailings. Some of the provisions in our legislation are similar to those in a bill introduced by Senator Campbell.  I first became aware of the growing problem of deceptive sweepstakes last year after receiving several complaints from my constituents in Maine. In order to learn more about this growing problem, the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations began an investigation into the nature of deceptive mailings and the extent of sweepstakes and other promotional mailings. The subcommittee soon realized that the promotional mailing industry generates an enormous volume of mail that reaches the mailboxes of millions of Americans. In fact, the four major sweepstakes companies alone flood Americans with more than 1 billion solicitations every year.  The subcommittee held 2 days of public hearings. At the first subcommittee hearing in March, we examined the practices of the four major sweepstakes companies: American Family Publishers, Publishers Clearinghouse; Time, Inc.; and Reader's Digest.  I want to make clear that they all run legitimate sweepstakes, legitimate in the sense that they do award the prizes, they do deliver the merchandise orders, and they do not seek to conceal their identities. However, there is a critical distinction between running a legal contest and treating consumers fairly, without resorting to misleading or deceptive practices.  Our hearings in March examined the key issue of whether consumers are being clearly informed that no purchase is necessary to enter sweepstakes and that buying something does not increase their chance of winning. That is the biggest misconception. Far too many consumers believe that if they make a purchase in response to the sweepstakes solicitation, they somehow improve their chances of winning. Nothing could be further from the truth. The subcommittee heard testimony indicating that the existing disclaimers used by the large sweepstakes companies are of very little value. They are too often deceptively worded or they are contradicted by the glowing promises in the promotional copy. In addition, they are hard to locate on the mailing, and they are often written in very tiny print that is difficult to read.  Our hearings in March prompted over 1,000 letters from across the country to the subcommittee. Many of those letters included mailings from smaller sweepstakes companies with which the subcommittee had not been familiar. This public response prompted an expansion of the subcommittee's investigation into the deceptive practices of these smaller sweepstakes companies.  Those smaller companies were the focus of the subcommittee's second hearing in July. Many of these smaller companies tend to be fly-by-night operations that use multiple trade names to hide their identities and to confuse consumers. In fact, we found one company that sent out solicitations under 40 different trade names. That was obviously very confusing to consumers because they believed they were getting a chance to enter 40 different contests when, in fact, it was just one sweepstakes company using 40 different names.  In some cases, these smaller companies are run by promoters for a year or two and then shut down. The operator then starts up a new company under yet another name, often one that is specifically chosen to lend credibility to the contest or to deceive consumers. These companies profit not only from their extremely deceptive mailings but also by reselling the names of their customers to other operators who then inundate the unlucky consumer with still more mailings. Unfortunately, our investigation suggests that this practice, this business, is quite lucrative.  The smaller companies investigated by the subcommittee sent approximately 100 million mailings in 1998 and received over 4 million purchases, which we conservatively estimate cost consumers in the neighborhood of $40 million.  In return, most individuals received a discount coupon book that was frequently followed by additional numerous other mailings urging consumers to purchase the exact same coupon book once again.  Anonymity, as our hearings demonstrated, is crucial to the success of many of these small operators. They depend on working in the shadows and underneath the radar of State and Federal regulators. They are, in many ways, the ``stealth'' sweepstakes companies--difficult to detect, to track, and to stop. Our investigation discovered that most of these companies attempt to conceal their identities through multiple corporate names and various mailbox drops in several different States. Their mailings are often designed to deceive even the most cautious and wary consumer.  Our investigation and hearings demonstrated that sweepstakes companies, both large and small, use deceptive and aggressive marketing techniques far too often to entice consumers into making purchases that they do not need or want, in the mistaken belief that a purchase will improve their chances of winning that grand prize. Indeed, we heard testimony that deceptive sweepstakes mailings can induce trusting consumers to purchase thousands of dollars of questionable merchandise. One example that was related to us by a witness was a magazine subscription extending to the year 2018 that had been purchased by her 82-year-old father-in-law in response to repeated solicitations.  The subcommittee found that many of our senior citizens are particularly vulnerable to such deceptive mailings. They come from perhaps a more trusting generation. Many seniors tend to believe what they read, particularly if it is endorsed by a trusted spokesman, such as Ed McMahon or Dick Clark, or if it comes from a well-known company, such as Reader's Digest or Time, or if it involves a mailing that appears to be official.  At the subcommittee's hearings, family members told of loved ones who were so convinced that they had won a sweepstakes that they refused to leave their home for fear of missing the Prize Patrol. One of my constituents in Maine actually postponed needed surgery because she was absolutely convinced that that was going to be the day her winnings were delivered to her.  The subcommittee investigated many cases of seniors who, enticed by the bold promises in deceptive sweepstakes, actually spent their Social Security checks, squandered their life's savings, and even borrowed money in order to continue to make purchases through these sweepstakes mailings. I will never forget one of our witnesses who actually broke down in tears before the subcommittee as he recounted how he had been enticed to spend $15,000 on merchandise he did not want because he thought it would bring him closer to winning millions of dollars.  Time and again, family members have described sweepstakes companies literally bombarding elderly relatives with repeated mailings. Our witnesses explained that their elderly family members spent thousands of dollars in the vain hope that if they just bought one more trinket, or one more videotape, or one more magazine subscription, it would greatly improve their chances of winning. Of course, it never did.  The losses suffered by consumers could not, however, be measured in dollars alone. As one elderly gentleman put it:       My wife has finally come to realize that she has been duped      by the sweepstakes solicitations for all these years.      Although the financial drain is now halted, the loss of      her dignity is incalculable.  Unfortunately, these are not isolated examples. According to a recent survey commissioned by the AARP, nearly 40 percent of seniors surveyed believed there was a connection between purchasing and winning, that either making a purchase would help you to win or it would ensure that you would win a prize.  You have only to look at some of these sweepstakes mailings to understand why consumers draw these conclusions. For example, one mailing by Publishers Clearinghouse, which is famous for its Prize Patrol, tells consumers to ``open your door to $31 million on January 31.'' You can see the personalized mailing, although we blocked out the name of the person involved. This mailing clearly suggests to the consumer that his or her--her in this case--purchases are paying off. It specifically states:       You see, your recent order and entry has proven to us that      you're indeed one of our loyal friends and a savvy      sweepstakes player. And now I'm pleased to tell you that      you've passed our selection criteria to receive this special      invitation. . . .  Mr. President, this is clearly and blatantly designed to deceive the consumers into drawing a connection between making a purchase and winning the prize.  Let me show you another example. The next example is a mailing from American Family Publishers. It states:       It's down to a 2 person race for $11 million--you and one      other person in Georgia were issued the winning number.      Whoever returns it first wins it all.  Most people don't see the very fine print that declares:       . . . if you have the winning number.  Unless the contestant reads and understands this fine print, the mailing leaves the unmistakable impression that this recipient, this lucky person, and one other person, have the winning number for the $11 million prize.  This mailing actually caused a number of contestants to fly to Florida in the hope that their entry would be received first. After all, it says, ``Whoever returns it first wins it all.'' It also prompted lawsuits by several States' attorneys general, and American Family Publishers eventually agreed to a multistate settlement.  I wish the misleading mailings from the largest sweepstakes companies represented the worst of the lot. Unfortunately, they do not. Let's take a look at a couple of examples of deceptive practices of some of the smaller sweepstakes companies. As you will recall, these were the companies that were brought to the subcommittee's attention by outraged consumers from across this country who wrote to us after our first round of hearings.  This solicitation, or promotion, from Mellon, Astor & Fairweather is a deceptive attempt to make the consumer think that a prestigious firm--presumably an accounting firm--is ready to give him or her money. Despite describing Mellon, Astor & Fairweather as the ``trustee of record,'' the sponsor of this mailing admitted under oath to the subcommittee that Mellon, Astor & Fairweather is not a trustee for any group or individual. In fact, there is no ``Mellon,'' ``Astor,'' or ``Fairweather'' associated with this company. The name was completely made up to give an air of legitimacy and credibility to this mailing--in short, to deceive people. Moreover, the sweepstakes promoter admitted that this is actually the address of a Mail Boxes, Etc., and that the company's offices are located not in Lake Forest, IL, but in Las Vegas, NV.  Another problem the subcommittee found was the use of words or symbols that give the impression that the mailing is connected with the Federal Government. Here is another example of this kind of mailing. It says at the top--it is hard to read: The Official United Sweepstakes of America.  Yes, this mailing implies a Government connection to the sweepstakes. It includes a photo of the U.S. Treasury building, and by using the address of 611 Pennsylvania Avenue, Southeast, Washington, DC, it sounds like a very prestigious Pennsylvania Avenue address of a Federal agency. In fact, once again, this is an address of a Mail Boxes, Etc. And, of course, the Federal Government does not sponsor sweepstakes, contrary to the implication of this mailing.  Yet another deceptive mailing shows how fraudulent operators link their company to the Government. This is a blowup of a postcard sent to me by a constituent from Machiasport, ME. As you can see, it is marked ``Urgent Delivery, A Special Notification of Cash Currently Being Held By the U.S. Government is Ready for Shipment to You.'' It mimics the typical postcard the Postal Service uses. It is designed to look like that.  The mailing asks the consumer to send $9.97 to learn how to receive this cash. Of course, this was not in any way a legitimate postcard from the Federal Government. It was merely a ploy used by an unscrupulous promoter to trick an unsuspecting consumer into sending money. Fortunately, my consumer did not fall for this scam. Butmany others did, leading the Postal Service to bring action against the promoter of this scam.  Sadly, these are just a few of the many examples of deceptive mailings that the subcommittee uncovered during its investigation. The simple fact is that far too many consumers regularly fall victim to increasingly deceptive and sophisticated marketing techniques used in these mailings.  I want to emphasize that sweepstakes can, of course, be a legitimate marketing technique. While I have concerns about the deceptive nature of far too many sweepstakes mailings, I don't want to give the impression that all sweepstakes are deceptive, or that they should be outlawed. Our legislation is setting clear standards for them to follow to avoid the kind of deception that we found to be rampant in the industry.  Let me outline the major provisions of the legislation before the Senate today.  First, S. 335 requires sweepstakes mailings to clearly and conspicuously display several important disclaimers and consumer notices, including a clear statement that no purchase is necessary to win the contest, and, most of all, a statement that a purchase will not improve your chances of winning.  I think that is the most important disclaimer of all.  These statements have to appear in three places--on the solicitation, in the rules, and on the order form.  In addition, the mailings must state the odds of winning, the value and the nature of the prize, and the name and the address of the sponsor of the sweepstakes. Sweepstakes mailings would also be required to include all the rules and entry procedures for the contest. The bill would prohibit mailings from describing the recipient as a ``winner'' unless the recipient has really won a prize.  You can see from some of the mailings that we have discussed here today why that protection is so important.  Second, this legislation includes the provision drafted by Senator Edwards to require companies sending sweepstakes or skill contests to establish a system that will allow consumers to request that they be removed from sweepstakes mailing lists. Companies sending sweepstakes mailings must include either a toll-free number or the address at which the consumer may request that their name be removed altogether from future sweepstakes mailings. Companies would be required to remove such individuals from sweepstakes lists within 35 days.  Our hearings showed that far too many consumers had great difficulty in turning off the spigot of sweepstakes mailings to themselves, or, as was often the case, to an elderly family member. Senator Edwards' provision will assist consumers who want relief from the flood of solicitations.  Third, our legislation strengthens the current law regarding ``Government look-alike'' mailings by prohibiting mailings that imply a connection to, approval, or endorsement by the Federal Government through the misleading use of a seal, insignia, reference to the Postmaster General, citation to a Federal law, or any other term or symbol unless the mailings carry true disclaimers.  The bill imposes new Federal standards for facsimile checks that are sent in any mailing. These tests must include a statement on the check itself stating that it is non-negotiable and has no cash value.  Finally, S. 335 will strengthen the ability of the Postal Service to combat deceptive mailings. Under existing law, the Postal Inspection Service does not possess subpoena authority, is unable to obtain a judicial order to stop the deceptive mailing at multiple mailboxes in different States, and may only seek financial penalties after a company has violated a previously imposed order for sending deceptive mailings.  Our legislation grants the Postal Service subpoena authority, nationwide stop mail authority, and the ability to impose strong civil penalties for the first violation. At our hearings in July, the Postal Service testified that civil penalties would be a significant deterrent against deceptive mailings. We can't just have minor penalties that are treated as a cost of doing business. The penalties under our legislation can reach as high as $1 million, and, if a company violates an order, that penalty is doubled and can range as high as $2 million.  The current penalties--capped at $10,000 per day--are simply inadequate to deter deceptive mailings, especially since they can only be imposed after the mailer has evaded or failed to comply with a prior order.  Our bill recognizes the important role played by the States in investigating and prosecuting deceptive mailings. We do not preempt any provision of State or local law. In many instances, it is the States that have taken the strong action against deceptive sweepstakes mailings largely because of the gap in Federal law. During our investigation, we worked very closely with the National Association of Attorneys General.  I would like to close my initial statement by urging my colleagues to support S. 2335, the Deceptive Mail Prevention and Enforcement Act, so that the Senate, by passing this legislation later today, can take an important first legislative step in curtailing deceptive sweepstakes and protect the American consumer.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  