 Mr. President, first, I commend the leadership of my good friend from Georgia in taking the initiative in this area. It is typical of his leadership on so many issues. I am very pleased to join him today on the Senate floor.  I rise today as a cosponsor of the Uniformed Services Filing Fairness Act of 1999 introduced by my good friend, Senator Coverdell, and as a supporter of H.R. 1376, which we will vote on shortly. These measures are intended to demonstrate concretely and clearly our support for the men and women serving our country in the region of Yugoslavia by providing them with tax relief on their hazardous duty pay, excise tax exemptions on their long-distance telephone calls, and an extension to allow them to file their tax returns after the April 15 deadline.  Today is tax day, a day when millions of Americans rush to their local Post Offices to mail their tax returns. However, today some brave Americans find themselves thousands of miles away from their hometowns engaged in a conflict rather than concerned with a tax filing deadline. Today and every day, our troops put their lives on the line. The sacrifices they make in serving our Nation both here at home and abroad prompt our gratitude. For those forces stationed overseas, the toll is especially great. Our troops now serving in the operations in Kosovo face tremendous burdens in trying to carry out their missions while protecting themselves and their comrades. Our service men and women abroad face the additional hardships and stress of being separated from their loved ones, their families, their homes, and their friends. These troops deserve the opportunity to concentrate on their dangerous mission without having to worry about government paperwork at home.  This legislation is an opportunity to demonstrate our support for our troops by our actions, not just with our words. My thoughts and my prayers are with those brave men and women and their families here at home. I urge my colleagues to support this modest but important measure. Again, I commend the Senator from Georgia for his leadership.  I yield the floor.  