President, I rise as an original cosponsor of the Education Flexibility Partnership Act to speak in support of the conference report on this important legislation designed to improve the quality of our children's education.  This is a straightforward, bipartisan proposal with no budgetary impact. It is endorsed by the governors of all fifty states. It will give to every state the flexibility that twelve states have had for the last five years--flexibility that will allow states and communities to pursue innovative efforts for the improvement of K-12 education. We should approve the conference report and take an important first step toward returning the control of education to our states and local communities.  Opponents of education flexibility claim that it reduces the accountability of the states and will divert federal funds away from programs that support low-income children. These arguments simply have no validity because of the safeguards we have written into the act. To be eligible to participate in Ed-Flex, a state must have made significant progress toward developing and implementing challenging standards for education content and performance for all of its students. Moreover, an Ed-Flex waiver can not exceed five years unless the Secretary of Education determines the waiver has been effective in assisting schools in implementing education reforms.  It is not accountability that Ed-Flex eliminates; what Ed-Flex does away with is the direct federal control of local decisionmaking. The objectives of federal education funding remain the same--improve the performance of all students and all schools. Ed-Flex encourages and supports the states and local school districts in developing innovative new approaches to education reform and improvement. The intent of existing education programs is preserved while the administrative burden on the states and local communities is lessened. States and communities will be allowed to tailor these programs to fit local needs and conditions. In short, the legislation we are now considering recognizes that the people closest to our schools--our school board members, teachers, principals, and parents--are the best able to craft reforms that respond to local needs.  As pleased as I am to support this conference report, I am very disappointed that it has eliminated the Senate's provision that would have afforded local schools the choice of using the funds appropriated for class-size reduction to pay for special education. Contrast the progressive objectives of the Ed-Flex bill with this decision. Some members insisted on placing new federal requirements on local schools through a new categorical program at the same time we are moving toward more local control through this bill. We need to move away from this ``Washington knows best'' approach.  I am a strong supporter of public education and believe that the federal government should increase its support for our schools. It should realize this goal first by meeting its commitment to pay the federal share of special education, not by creating new Washington-driven programs. If we meet our obligation to pay forty percent of the cost of special education, millions of dollars of local education dollars will become available for the needs of education in every state and in every school district. These are dollars that can be spent on more teachers--or on school construction, drop-out prevention, after school programs, or on any other need a local school establishes as its priorities.  Clearly, the Education Flexibility Partnership Act is only the starting point. We need to go much further in cutting the federal red tape that binds our local schools and hinders their ability to respond to the needs of their students. Giving schools greater flexibility must be a major priority as we proceed with the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. I plan to take another step in the direction of less federal control by introducing a bill to give small, rural schools greater flexibility in the way they use federal education funding.  The federal government must help our local schools to improve their performance. But control and management from Washington are not what is needed. Extending the option of Ed-Flex to every state eases the federal hold on our local schools. I urge my colleagues to approve the conference report that is before us today and to move forward in supporting more local decision-making as we reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act later in this Congress.  