The members of the Armed Forces of National Liberation, known by their Spanish acronym FALN, were responsible for 130 bombings in the late 1970's and early 1980's. As a result of these FALN actions, six people died, scores of citizens were maimed and injured, and the public at large was petrified by an indiscriminate threat.  The FALN's stated purpose in conducting this reign of terror was to further the cause of Puerto Rican independence. But it virtually goes without saying that there is no justification for this vicious lawlessness that terrorized, killed and maimed human beings. After a Herculean effort on the part of law enforcement and prosecutors, the FALN members were brought to justice and convicted of a variety of serious charges including seditious conspiracy.  Those who suffered at the hands of the FALN, those whose only crime was to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, had names and lives before they had the misfortune to encounter an FALN-placed bomb. But their lives were ended or irrevocably altered by senseless actions. The law enforcement officers and prosecutors who brought the FALN to justice placed themselves at personal risk in their effort to protect the public from the terror of the FALN bombings.  On August 11th, the President unexpectedly offered clemency to 16 FALN members. Their release was conditioned on each prisoner renouncing violence, obeying a ban on the use of weapons, and refusing fraternization with independence leaders. Unbelievably, it was indicated that these vague promises would release these individuals from their sentences--a privilege that he has granted only three times previously. And even more unbelievably, these promises were not forthcoming.  The President made this clemency offer despite the fact that he was advised against it by the FBI, the Bureau of Prisons, and two United States Attorneys.  The President made this offer despite the fact that the jailed FALN members had illustrated no remorse for their actions. This became painfully clear on this past weekend's ``Meet the Press'' where Ricardo Jimenez, one of the freed conspirators, appeared. Mr. Jimenez identified himself as a freedom fighter and justified his criminal actions as a remedy for Puerto Rican ``colonization.''  Mr. Jimenez is not unique among the FALN conspirators in his utter lack of remorse for the terrorist bombings. Unbelievably, in fact, Bureau of Prison audiotapes have captured several of the former FALN members recently released from prison saying they would return to violence upon release.  By releasing prisoners convicted of serious crimes, for which they showed no remorse, based on only the promise that they will not commit such crimes again, the President has undermined the standard for eligibility for the extraordinary remedy of clemency.  There is no recourse from the President's action, which was based on his unquestioned Constitutional authority. The Senate can only express our sentiment that his actions were appalling and dangerous. Therefore, in the strongest possible terms, I support the resolution offered today condemning the President's action. 