President, earlier this year the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which I chair, undertook an extensive investigation of the practices of sweepstakes companies. We held hearings in March and later in the year to examine the increasingly deceptive and aggressive marketing techniques used by many of the sweepstakes companies in this country.  At these hearings, I was told repeatedly by these companies that they did not target the elderly, they did not use deceptive techniques to try to induce people to buy products they didn't really need or want, and that they were constantly reviewing their promotional language to make sure it was fair. They pledged to further improve their efforts to make sure their mailings were not deceptive.  Recently, my constituents have sent me a number of examples of deceptive sweepstakes mailings. I tell my colleagues, they are just as deceptive as ever. I have seen absolutely no voluntary improvement by the sweepstakes industry, despite the extensive attention given to their deceptive practices.  Let me share with the Senate some of the recent examples my constituents have sent me. This example is from Charles M. Sias of Bangor, ME. Mr. Sias happens to be the head of the local AARP chapter, and he recently arranged for me to talk to a group of senior citizens in the Bangor area about sweepstakes. We developed a list of tipsfor them to be able to identify deceptive mailings. It is particularly ironic that Mr. Sias is himself receiving mailings that are clearly deceptive. He is very aware of what to look out for, so he is not going to be deceived by the language of these mailings. But, unfortunately, that is not the case with many other consumers who are inundated with mailings of this sort.  Take a look at this mailing. It says, in very large print: The judges have decided: Charles M. Sias of Bangor is our $833,337 winner. And then: We will update our official winners list so that it reads--again, it lists Mr. Sias' name. Urgent: Mail back your prize number within 5 days. In the corner: This is your exclusive prize claim number--giving the appearance that Mr. Sias has already won.  This particular mailing comes from a division of Time, Inc., known as Guaranteed & Bonded. It is very similar to the kinds of deceptive mailings we have seen during the past year.  A representative of Time, Inc., testified at our hearings. She testified that this kind of mailing is fair but assured us they were continuing to evaluate the copy in their mailings and they were trying to improve it so there would be no question.  This is a recent solicitation, and it is just as deceptive as previous ones. I think it is very disappointing to once again see the use of very large, bold headlines declaring that one of my constituents is the winner of more than $833,000 when obviously his chances of winning are less than his chances of being struck by lightning.  Let me give another example provided to me by one of my constituents. In some ways, this letter from Publishers Clearing House, another one of the major sweepstakes companies, is even more insidious. It was personally addressed to the woman who sent it to me. It says: These are the certified cash winner documents we alerted you to watch for.  The use of the words ``certified cash winner'' creates the image that my constituent has won a great deal of money. But this goes beyond the other mailing. The $100,000 figure appears to have been personally crossed out. On the side, it says it is now $200,000 my constituent is going to win, and it appears a woman named Dorothy, whom we know to be an employee of Publishers Clearing House, has written a personal note to my constituent, to this woman who lives in Portland, ME, and has written: ``$200,000--see enclosed urgent notification for details,''--once again, creating the impression that my constituent is going to win not $100,000 but now $200,000. It is her lucky day.  Again, if we look at the small print, we find that, in fact, the vast majority of people responding to this solicitation will receive just $1. It is extremely misleading.  To add to the deception, Publishers Clearinghouse includes what appears to be a check of some sort. They call it a claim voucher. It is made out to my constituent. I have blocked out her name to protect her privacy. It appears to be personally signed in blue ink by the treasurer and by Dorothy Addeo, and it says: Cash value up to $100,000--although we know from Dorothy's helpful little note that it actually may be $200,000.  My point is that this is clearly intended to deceive the people who are receiving these solicitations. The intent is to part people from their money, to get them to buy merchandise they don't really need or want, in the mistaken belief that somehow making a purchase will either guarantee they will be a winner or at least increase the odds of their winning that great prize, those hundreds of thousands of dollars.  There is another harm that is done beyond the financial waste of senior citizens and others wasting their money buying products they don't really need or want. That is the injury that is done to a senior citizen's dignity when they realize they have been duped by these highly deceptive mailings.  I recently received a letter from one of my constituents which I will share with my colleagues. It shows how tragic some of the results are of these sweepstakes. We found seniors who have wasted $10,000, $20,000, $60,000 on sweepstakes, thinking it would help them win the grand prize. In some cases, they have squandered their Social Security checks and even borrowed money. As I said, there is also the injury to a person's dignity once they realize they have been fooled.  This letter captures that part of the problem. My constituent writes to Reader's Digest in this case:       Several days ago my father received your ``announcement''      that he had been nominated to fill ``your newest position''      on the ``exclusive Winners Advisory Board.'' With its      official looking certificates and ``personal'' Internal      Selection Record you had him convinced that he was indeed      being asked to serve in some official, though honorary      capacity. When he realized that this was another sweepstakes      gimmick, and that he was no more special to you than the      thousands of others who received this same ``special''      announcement, he was devastated.       My father shared your ``announcement'' with me because he      was proud that he was being recognized by a company he has      supported for many, many years. What a cruel game you have      played with a man who has truly been a good customer. What a      cruel game you play with every person who received this same,      or similar letter, and who, like my father, are vulnerable      because they believe the best about people.  I think my constituent has described the problem very eloquently. These kinds of deceptive mailings prey on people who believe what they read, who want to trust that they are not being misled.  Mr. President, on August 2, the Senate unanimously approved legislation that I, Senator Levin, Senator Cochran, Senator Edwards, and many others have worked on, which would curtail these kinds of deceptive sweepstakes mailings.  I want to thank the Chairman of the House Subcommittee on the Postal Service, Congressman John McHugh, for his excellent work in securing approval by the House of a strong measure to prevent these types of deceptive sweepstakes mailings. In addition, Congressman Frank LoBiondo, who introduced a strong sweepstakes disclosure measure in the House, has made a valuable contribution to the effort to curb deceptive mailings. Congressman James Rogan and Congressman Bill McCollum have also introduced legislation to address this problem, and have given their strong support to the effort to reform the current practices. I also appreciate the support and assistance given by Congressman Chaka Fattah and Congressman Henry Waxman, who have provided both excellent ideas and leadership during House consideration of legislation to address the problem of deceptive sweepstakes.  The Senate bill was passed, as I said, unanimously, and it is now pending in the House Government Reform Committee. It has been unanimously approved by the Postal Subcommittee of the House Government Reform Committee, and it is my fervent hope that before we adjourn this year we can clear this important legislation and see it signed into law. It is time to put an end to these deceptive and unfair mailings that prey on the hopes and dreams of our senior citizens.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and seeing no one seeking recognition, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  