President, I rise in support of the amendment offered by my friend and colleague from Illinois, Senator Durbin, and the senior Senator from Maine to ban all late-term abortions, including partial-birth abortions that are not necessary to save the mother's life or to protect her health from grievous physical harm.  Let me be clear from the outset. I am strongly opposed to all late-term abortions, including partial-birth abortions. I agree they should be banned. However, I also believe that an exception must be made for those rare cases when it is necessary to save the life of the mother or to protect her physical health from grievous harm. Fortunately, late-term abortions are extremely rare in my State where, according to the Maine Department of Human Services, just two late-term abortions have been performed in the last 16 years.  This debate should not be about one particular method of abortion but, rather, about the larger question of under what circumstances should late-term or postviability abortions be legally available. The sponsors of this amendment--and I am pleased to be a cosponsor--believe that all late-term abortions, regardless of the procedure used, should be banned except in those rare cases where the life or the physical health of the mother is at serious risk.  In my view, Congress is ill equipped to make judgments on specific medical procedures. As the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, which represents over 90 percent of OB/GYNs and which opposes the legislation introduced by the Senator from Pennsylvania, has said:       The intervention of legislative bodies into medical      decisionmaking is inappropriate, ill advised, and dangerous.  Most of us have neither the training nor the experience to decide which procedure is most appropriate in a given case. These medically difficult and highly personal decisions should be left for families to make in consultation with their physicians and their clergy. The Maine Medical Association agrees with this assessment. I ask unanimous consent that an April 1999 statement from the Maine Medical Association be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Roberts). Without objection, it is so ordered.  (See Exhibit 1.)  