And I also thank the Senators from Vermont and New Jersey for agreeing to this arrangement.  Mr. President, I rise to support the provisions in the Hatch-Craig amendment requiring background checks at gun shows. I believe we have very carefully crafted provisions that strike the right balance. I support the requirement that sales of firearms at gun shows pass the muster of an instant background check. Gun shows are a popular mechanism for buying and selling guns, and these legitimate business transactions should be made with the knowledge that the sellers are selling their firearms to lawful purchasers.  What I opposed yesterday is something I will always oppose--and that is the creation of a Federal centralized recordkeeping system of gun owners. That would be a heavy regulatory burden that would seriously infringe on the privacy rights of millions of law-abiding American citizens who own guns. That is why I voted against the amendment offered by the Senator from New Jersey.  I would like to make one brief comment regarding gun shows. I am very concerned that the publicity surrounding this issue has created the false impression that gun shows are somehow gathering places for criminals, anarchists, and mercenaries. Nothing could be further from the truth. In reality, thousands of Americans go to gun shows every weekend in this country. People who attend these shows live in every State in the Union. They come from all walks of life. They share a common interest in a part-time hobby that is deeply ingrained in our American culture. Many are sportsmen or target shooters; many others are collectors who enjoy showing, buying and selling their antique firearms.  These are people who enjoy the tradition of responsible gun ownership in this country. This is a tradition--and a right--that we need to preserve.  Our gun laws should be directed at the illegal misuse of firearms, not the lawful ownership of guns by law-abiding citizens. The first step we should take is to address the concerns the Senator from Alabama will speak on shortly that gun laws are not being strictly enforced. The Senator from Alabama has documented an appalling drop in prosecutions of gun-related offenses, gun control laws under this administration.  That should be our first step.  Second, the Republican package puts together reasonable restrictions that will ensure that guns do not fall into the hands of criminals through the mechanism of a gun show.  I know the people who attend gun shows across America want to make sure they are selling to people who will use firearms in a responsible way that is the American tradition.  This legislation before us strikes the right balance, and I urge support of the amendment. I commend those who have worked on this to respond to the concerns we raised yesterday.  I yield back the remainder of my time to the chairman of the committee.  