President, on behalf of my principal cosponsor, Senator Inouye, and myself, I am proud to submit a resolution requesting that the United States Postal Service issue a commemorative postage stamp honoring the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States (``VFW''), which will be celebrating its centennial in September of this year. We are pleased to be joined by 56 of our colleagues in support of this measure.  As a member of the VFW Ladies Auxiliary post in Caribou, ME, and as the daughter of a World War II veteran who was wounded twice in combat, I am honored to lead the charge for this worthwhile legislation.  This measure is intended to pay special tribute to all members of the VFW, past and present, who pledged their honor and their lives to defend the United States and who fought bravely in foreign lands so that we as a nation might live in freedom. These are our true American patriots, for they have demonstrated a profound commitment to the principles of our Founding Fathers not in mere words, but in their deeds. When their country called, they answered, and they fought to keep the American way of life safe and secure.  As an organization, the Veterans of Foreign Wars traces its roots back to 1899. Veterans of the Spanish-American War and the Philippine Insurrection returned home from intense fighting abroad and were greeted with a hero's welcome. Over time, the memory of wartime sacrifice faded in the minds of many Americans, but not for the men who carried with them permanent battle scars, prolonged illnesses, and other grim reminders of war.  Absent a single Government agency possessing responsibility for veterans, and facing neglect, these brave men banded together to establish a handful of local organizations intended to help secure medical care and pensions for their military service. These original foreign service organizations, located in Ohio, Colorado, and Pennsylvania, gradually grew in number and influence and in 1914 came to be known collectively as the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States.  Mr. President, it was several years later, on June 24, 1921, when the VFW's chapter in my home State of Maine was chartered. Today, there are 84 VFW posts in Maine to which over 16,000 veterans belong.  Those small groups of veterans who organized in 1899 have today grown to over 2 million strong. VFW members have fought and died in every war, conflict, and military intervention in which the United States has been engaged during this century. From factory workers to occupants of the White House, the VFW members and its Ladies Auxiliary have come to represent a cross section of American society, and each new generation of veterans has brought renewed strength and dedication to the VFW's founding principles.  As the 21st century approaches, the VFW's members continue to live by the organization's creed of ``Honor the dead by helping the living.'' They do so by representing the interests of veterans across the Nation through an established network of trained service officers who, at no charge, help millions of veterans and their dependents secure the educational benefits, disability compensation, pension, and health care services that they are rightfully entitled to as a result of their distinguished service to our Country.  The VFW also has a long and proud tradition of supporting troops deployed overseas. From letter-writing campaigns in World War I, to ``Welcomehome'' rallies after the Persian Gulf war, to providing care packages, to USO shows and, more recently, to providing free telephone cards enabling servicemen and women to call loved ones from their posts in Bosnia, the VFW continues to provide comfort and a touch of home to those men and women stationed far away.  The endeavors of the VFW, however, go well beyond the realm of ``veterans helping veterans.'' In fact, service to the broader American community has always been a pillar of the VFW foundation.  Through the VFW's Community Service Program, members of its 10,000 posts serve local communities, States, and the Nation with all of the integrity, ingenuity, and loyalty that have characterized the organization since its inception. During the past program year, for example, the VFW, working side by side with its Ladies Auxiliary, contributed nearly 13 million hours of volunteer service and donated nearly $55 million to a variety of community projects. Commitment to worthy causes such as the March of Dimes, the Keep America Beautiful campaign, and many other volunteer organizations also continues to be a hallmark of service among VFW members.  The promotion of patriotism is another hallmark of the VFW's history. Since the beginning of its Americanization Committee in 1921, the VFW has actively taught traditional values to Americans both young and old. Today, teaching respect for the flag is a primary activity, as is educating children in the classroom about the critical role that veterans have played throughout our history.  The interests of today's youth are also met by VFW posts around the Nation through active support for drug prevention programs, the Boy Scouts of America, the Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps, and sponsorship of competitors in both the Junior and Special Olympics. The VFW has also recently commemorated 50 years of helping high school students attend college. Because of VFW support, in fact, America's young people annually receive more than $2.6 million in scholarships.  The VFW deserves public national recognition for these efforts and for its many other contributions to improving the lives of our Nation's veterans and enhancing American society as a whole. Although as a country we can never fully repay the debt we owe to these brave men and women, we can certainly strive to honor the vision which led them into battle to protect the principles America holds dear.  We must uphold the memories of their heroic acts with respect, with reverence, and with our heartfelt admiration. By requesting that the U.S. Postal Service issue a commemorative stamp honoring the VFW's 100th anniversary, as was done for its 50th and 75th anniversaries, we can take a small step toward remembering their service and showing our deep appreciation for their unwavering commitment to our country, both in peacetime and in times of conflict. This, I believe, would be a much-deserved tribute to the VFW and its more than 2 million veterans of overseas service.  Mr. President, I am very pleased to note that you are a cosponsor of this important measure. 