President, I rise today as a cosponsor to the Kyl/Domenici/Murkowski amendment requiring reorganization of the Department of Energy.  Over the past several months, I have been deeply troubled by the revelations regarding the efforts made by the People's Republic of China to acquire our most sensitive technology. The report of the House Select Committee revealed that design information has been stolen on all of the nuclear warheads that the United States currently has deployed. Among the material stolen by China was design information on the W-88, the most sophisticated nuclear weapon the U.S. has ever built. We use the W-88 on the sixth-generation ballistic missiles carried aboard our nuclear submarine fleet.  With this information, the PRC has rapidly assimilated stolen nuclear secrets into its own weapons systems and advanced their nuclear program by approximately forty years. Not only am I deeply concerned about these incidents of espionage, I am even more disturbed by the lackadaisical response by the Clinton Administration. After learning about the theft of information in 1995, the Administration failed to undertake a serious reassessment of our intelligence community. When questioned a few months ago about the Department of Energy's security structure, Secretary Bill Richardson commented, ``whoever figured it out must've been smoking dope or drunk.'' What a sobering assessment, indeed, of the state of security at our nuclear weapons laboratories. In fact, only after the espionage accounts hit the news media earlier this year did the President take any action to reevaluate the security of our weapons labs.  In March, the President requested that the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board (PFIAB) undertake an inquiry and issue a report on the security threat at the Department of Energy's weapons labs. This review, chaired by the former Senator Warren B. Rudman, found that the Department of Energy is responsible for the worst security record that the members ofthe advisory board had ever encountered. The Department devoted far too little time, attention, and resources to the responsibilities of security and counterintelligence. Without change, it is feared that the Department of Energy laboratories would continue to be a major target of foreign intelligence services. According to the Rudman report, the only way to combat these problems is through a reorganization which takes the oversight of our weapons labs away from the ``dysfunctional bureaucracy'' of the Department of Energy and gives it to a new, semi-autonomous agency.  The Kyl/Domenici/Murkowski amendment, which I am pleased to cosponsor, will begin the reform efforts at the Department of Energy by establishing a separate organizational entity, the Agency for Nuclear Stewardship, with clear lines of authority, accountability, and responsibility. These changes will help correct the current organizational disarray and ensure that all programs and activities related to national security functions receive proper attention and oversight. These changes will strengthen the security and protection of our most vital technological secrets and ensure that if violations do occur, the responsible parties are readily identified, and the proper corrective actions put into place immediately.  I urge my colleagues to join with us in support of this amendment to help ensure the security of our nation for years to come.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  