President, I am very pleased to join my friend and colleague, Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island, in discussing the passage of a resolution we introduced designating this week, October 24 through the 30th, as National Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Week.  Senator Reed has been such a strong advocate and leader on lead poisoning issues. I have enjoyed working with him on this important public health issue.  It is my hope the designation of this week as National Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Week will help to increase awareness of the significant dangers and prevalence of childhood lead poisoning across our Nation.  Great strides have been made in the past 20 years to reduce the threat that lead poses to human health. Most notably, lead has been banned from many products, including residential paints, food cans, and gasoline. These commendable steps have significantly reduced the incidence of lead poisoning. But unfortunately, contrary to what many people think, the threat has not been eradicated. In fact, it remains and continues to imperil the health and well-being of our Nation's children. Infact, lead poisoning is the No. 1 environmental health threat to children in the United States.  Even low levels of lead exposure can have serious developmental consequences, including reductions in IQ and attention span, reading and learning disabilities, hyperactivity and behavioral problems. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention currently estimates that 890,000 children, age 1 through 5, have blood levels of lead that are high enough to affect their ability to learn--nearly a million children.  Today, the major lead poisoning threat to children is posed by paint that has deteriorated. Contrary to popular belief, it is the dust from deteriorating or disturbed paint, rather than paint chips, that is the primary source of lead poisoning. Unfortunately, it is all too common for older homes to contain lead-based paint, particularly if they were built before 1978. More than half of the entire housing stock and three-quarters of homes built before 1978, contain some lead-based paint. Paint manufactured prior to the residential lead paint ban often remains safely contained and unexposed for decades. But over time, often through remodeling or normal wear and tear, the paint can become exposed, contaminating the home with dangerous lead dust.  