President, I want to begin my remarks by commending my friend and colleague from Texas for her leadership on this issue and for bringing it to the Senate's attention.  I wish to share with my colleagues a wonderful example of the accomplishments that can be realized by a same-gender class. A gifted math teacher, Donna Lisnik, at Presque High School, pioneered an all-girls math class some years ago. She believed it would result in greater achievement by the young girls who were studying math at Presque High School. She began to offer the same-sex class in math and she proved to be absolutely right. The class was offered for over 5 years and the results were outstanding. Both the achievement of these girls and the number of them participating in advanced math and science classes increased.  I had the privilege of visiting Mrs. Lisnik's classroom. I cannot overstate the excitement of the girls in her class studying advanced math. They were learning so much and they were so excited by this opportunity to learn together.  Incredibly, the Federal Department of Education concluded that this math class violated title IX of the Education Act. Consequently, Presque HighSchool was required to open the class to both boys and girls. It is interesting to note, however, that it is girls who continue to enroll in this class even though it is open to both boys and girls.  It is unfortunate that schools are prevented by the Federal regulations from developing single-gender classes in which both young women--and in other classes, young men--can flourish and reach their full potential. Senator Hutchison's proposal assures that other schools with innovative education programs designed to meet gender-specific needs will not face such obstacles.  This proposal does not weaken or undercut in any way the protections for women and girls in title IX. It does not allow a school to offer an education benefit for only one sex, to the exclusion of the other. Schools must have comparable programs for both boys and girls. However, it does give schools the flexibility to design and offer single-gender classes when the school determines that such classes will provide their students with a better opportunity to achieve high standards, the kind of high standards and achievement that I witnessed firsthand in Mrs. Lisnik's exciting math class in northern Maine.  Although Senator Hutchison has decided to withdraw her amendment, I am going to work with her to ensure that it is incorporated in the rewrite of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act that will be undertaken by the health committee later this year. This is a proposal that is designed to help young girls and young boys excel by using the device of single-sex classrooms. It deserves support.  I am very pleased to join with the Senator from Texas in supporting this effort.  I yield back any remaining time.  