I thank my friend and colleague from Massachusetts.  Mr. President, on behalf of myself, Senator Hutchison, Senator Frist, Senator Jeffords, Senator Grassley, and Senator Grams, I have sent to the desk a four-part amendment.  We explained in producing our health committee bill that two of our goals were to expand access to health insurance and also to provide important consumer protections to those individuals who are insured in self-funded plans that the States cannot reach, cannot regulate, and that come under Federal jurisdiction. The amendment which I and my colleagues have proposed seeks to advance both those goals.  The legislation would permit individuals who purchase long-term care insurance that is not subsidized by their employer to deduct 100 percent of the cost of that coverage.  That is the first part of the amendment.  The second part of the amendment includes the access to emergency services provision which Senator Hutchinson and Senator Frist have been working on. We believe it strengthens those provisions. It includes some of the language which Senator Graham of Florida had offered yesterday, but that has been refined. It takes a somewhat different approach.  The third part of this amendment includes language developed by Senator Frist dealing with timely access to specialists. Senator Frist will explain that provision in more detail.  The fourth provision in this amendment has been developed by Senator Jeffords dealing with access to OB/GYNs. It is an attempt to improve upon and strengthen the health committee legislation.  I am not going to address the provisions that deal with long-term care insurance. Most Americans mistakenly believe that either Medicare or their regular health insurance policies will cover the costs of long-term care should they develop a chronic illness or a cognitive impairment such as Alzheimer's disease.  Unfortunately, far too late, far too many Americans discover their families do not have the coverage they need until they are confronted with a difficult decision of placing a frail parent or loved one in a long-term care facility and face the shocking realization they will have to bear those enormous costs themselves. With nursing home costs ranging from $40,000 to $70,000 a year, a chronic illness requiring long-term care can easily bankrupt a family. It can also result in the taxpayer eventually having to pick up the costs through the Medicaid program. Concerns about how to finance long-term care will only multiply as our population ages and is at greater risk of chronic illness.  By the year 2030, the demographics of 32 States will resemble those of Florida today. The number of people over age 65 will nearly double. Moreover, the fastest growing segment of our population are Americans who are age 85 and older. These older Americans are at least five times more likely to reside in a nursing home than people who are age 65.  Americans should obviously think about and plan for their future long-term care needs as they plan for their retirement or purchase life insurance to protect their families. Private planning for long-term care through the purchase of long-term care insurance will not only provide families with greater financial security, but it will also ease the growing financial burden on Medicaid and strengthen the ability of that program to serve as a vital safety net for those Americans most in need.  Moreover, private long-term care insurance policies provide Americans with much greater choice in the type of services they can receive. While government programs predominantly pay for nursing home stays, private long-term care policies provide a wide variety of services, ranging from personal assistance with activities of daily living such as bathing or eating or dressing, to 24-hour skilled nursing assistance. Many policies also cover assisted living.  In addition, policies often cover home care, adult day care, and respitecare, giving seniors greater flexibility and enabling them to retain the dignity of choice and to have the most appropriate care in their senior years.  The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 made long-needed changes in our Tax Code to give long-term care insurance essentially the same tax treatment as other health insurance. As a consequence, long-term care insurance premiums are now deductible for those employers who choose to offer the coverages of benefit and also are excludable for taxable income for the employee. Moreover, premiums for long-term care insurance are treated as a medical expense for the purposes of itemized deductions for medical expenses and are also partially deductible for self-employed individuals.  The amendment I am introducing today will expand the tax deductibility of long-term care insurance to encourage and to help more Americans to purchase it. In this regard, I want to acknowledge the leadership of Senator Grassley as chairman of the Aging Committee on which I am privileged to serve. Senator Grassley has been a long-time advocate of expanding the tax deductibility for long-term care insurance.  The legislation I am proposing will permit individuals who purchase long-term care insurance on their own, without any kind of subsidy from their employer, to deduct 100 percent of the cost of that insurance. Providing additional financial incentives for individuals to plan for their own future long-term care needs is particularly important in order to encourage younger people to purchase the coverage.  By encouraging individuals to plan now for retirement through the purchase of long-term care insurance, not only are we helping to ensure their future financial security; we are also giving them the peace of mind knowing that should they develop a chronic illness, should they become ill with Alzheimer's disease, for example, they will be covered by private insurance. Moreover, the insurance will ensure that they receive the choice of care they need and on their own terms.  Finally, encouraging individuals to plan and prepare for their future long-term care needs will help strengthen and preserve the financial solvency of the Medicaid program. This is an idea that I hope will have the support of colleagues from both sides of the aisle. I encourage all of my colleagues to join me in this effort to make this critical coverage more affordable to millions of Americans.  I yield such time as he desires to my colleague from Arkansas for an explanation of the emergency care provisions of this amendment.  