President, I want to start by commending the distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee for his outstanding work in producing this budget. He has been such a leader in fiscal responsibility. Once again he has done an outstanding job in crafting this budget resolution. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of the amendment offered by my friend and colleague from Michigan, Senator Abraham. This amendment would preserve and protect Social Security. I also commend Senator Domenici for his very innovative work in crafting this very important amendment.  President Clinton has proposed devoting 62 percent of the surplus over the next 15 years to shoring up Social Security. On the surface, that sounds good. After all, we are all committed to protecting Social Security. But let's take a closer look at the President's proposal.  On closer examination, the President's plan is nothing but a shell game. First, he devotes to the Social Security trust fund trust fund payroll taxes that already belong to Social Security. Then he lends this money to the Federal Government for new programs. The bottom line is that instead of preserving the money for Social Security, President Clinton actually ends up spending $158 billion of Social Security's money for programs completely unrelated to Social Security. Both the General Accounting Office and the Congressional Budget Office have pointed out the double counting and the other significant flaws in the President's proposal.  Social Security is currently running a surplus because the program is taking in more in payroll taxes than it is paying out in benefits. But, as the Presiding Officer well knows, this will not always be the case.  In 2013, payroll taxes will not be sufficient to pay benefits and the Social Security program will either have to raise taxes, cut spending, go further into debt, or use more general fund money, if we are to continue to meet our full obligation to Social Security beneficiaries. By the year 2030, the trust fund will be completely exhausted if we do not take steps to save the program. We certainly, given this dire picture, cannot afford to squander the Social Security surpluses by spending them on other programs.  The current Social Security surplus conceals the true picture of our national budget. But for the temporary Social Security surplus, the Federal Government would actually be running a $6 billion deficit this year. I want to repeat that. There is a lot of misunderstanding. A lot of people think that we actually have a surplus in this upcoming year. The fact is, the surplus is due entirely to the surplus in the Social Security trust fund. If we take out the Social Security surplus, we would in fact be running a $6 billion deficit.  The fact is, there is no real surplus in fiscal year 2000. We do not start to see real surpluses in the rest of the Government programs until the fiscal year 2001.  The amendment that I have cosponsored, which is before us today, expresses the sense of the Senate that we pass legislation that would lock in Social Security surpluses by mandating that trust fund dollars could be spent only for the payment of Social Security benefits for Social Security reform or to pay down our national debt. Under this lockbox proposal, Social Security funds could not be spent on non-Social Security programs. They also could not be used to finance tax cuts.  This legislation would establish in law a declining limit on the level of debt held by the public. These limits would decline in 2-year intervals by an amount equal to the Social Security trust fund surpluses for those years. Under this proposal, trust fund balances could be used to retire the debt, but not for new spending on programs unrelated to Social Security. The result of this innovative program is that public debt would decline by $417 billion. That is 32 percent more than it would under the President's proposal.  Mr. President, in 1998 alone, the Federal Government spent nearly $162 billion to make interest payments on our national debt. That amounts to more than 6.7 percent of total Federal spending. In passing this important legislation, we would free up this money that otherwise would have to be spent on interest payments on our national debt.  This amendment clearly affirms our commitment to preserving and protecting Social Security. It safeguards the Social Security trust fund from spending raids. It reduces our public debt. It lowers our interest payments.  I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this very important initiative.  Once again, I commend the Senator from Michigan, Mr. Abraham, and the Senator from New Mexico, Mr. Domenici, for their innovative approach in coming up with a program that will truly protect our Social Security surpluses.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  