President, today, during National Consumer Protection Week, I am introducing the Deceptive Mail Prevention and Enforcement Act, a comprehensive bill designed to stem the rising tide of deceptive mailings that are flooding the mailboxes of the people of Maine and people throughout the country.  I am very pleased to have the cosponsorship of a trio of distinguished Senators in this regard: Senator Cochran, the chairman of the subcommittee with legislative jurisdiction over these types of mailings, who has been a leader in the effort to curtail deceptive mailings and sweepstakes fraud; Senator Levin, who serves as the ranking minority member of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, and who has played an active role not only in the hearings held last year, but also in introducing his own legislation on this issue, which I am pleased to cosponsor. He has a longstanding interest in curtailing deceptive mailings. I am also pleased to have the support of Senator Durbin, with whom I have worked very closely on many consumer issues.  Mr. President, several months ago, prompted by complaints that I have received from my constituents in Maine, I initiated an investigation into sweepstakes fraud and deceptive mailings. Over the course of this investigation, I have seen countless examples of mailings that deceptively promise extravagant prizes in order to entice consumers to make unnecessary and unneeded purchases. Unfortunately, this calculated confusion works far too often. In one particularly egregious example, one deceptive mailing prompted some of its victims to fly to Florida, believing that they then would be the first to claim the grand prize promised in a major sweepstakes.  Deceptive mailings take many forms. One such form that I find particularly offensive is ``Government look-alike mailings,'' which appear deceptively like a mailing from a Federal agency or other official entity. An example of such a deceptive mailing was recently sent to me by a woman from Machiasport, ME. The postcard that she received was marked ``Urgent Delivery, a Special Notification of Cash Currently Being Held by the U.S. Government is ready for shipment to you.'' I have blown up a copy of the postcard she received so you can see just how deceptive this mailing was. On the back of the postcard, the consumer was asked to send $9.97 to learn how to receive this cash. Of course, this was not a legitimate mailing from the FederalGovernment, but simply a ploy used by an unscrupulous individual to trick an unsuspecting consumer into sending money.  Mr. President, millions of Americans have received sweepstakes letters that use deceptive marketing ploys to encourage the purchase of magazines and other products. A common tactic is a ``promise'' of winning printed in large type, such as this example: ``You Were Declared One of Our Latest Sweepstakes Winners and You're About to be Paid $833,337 in Cash.'' A constituent of mine from Portland, ME, received this mailing, but, of course, he wasn't really a winner. It takes an awfully sharp eye and very careful scrutiny to notice the very fine print that states that the money is won only ``if you have and return the grand prize-winning number in time.''  Mr. President, thousands of consumers have made very frequent purchases, often of more than $1,000 a year, in response to deceptive sweepstakes mailings. I have heard sad stories from many people who have described personal horror stories caused by these deceptive mailings. Some people have told me of their elderly parents spending $10,000, $20,000, even as much as $60,000 in one case, hoping that their next purchase would result in a large prize. Senior citizens are particularly vulnerable, as they generally trust the statements made by these marketing appeals, particularly if they are pitched by celebrities, or if the mailing appears to be connected or in some way sanctioned by the Federal Government.  To increase consumer protections, and to punish those who use such deceptive mailings to prey on our senior citizens, the bill that I am introducing today, along with Senators Cochran, Levin and Durbin, will attack sweepstakes fraud and deceptive mailings on four fronts.  First, the bill will prevent fraud and deception by requiring companies to be more honest with the American people when using sweepstakes and other promotional mailings. My legislation would establish new standards for sweepstakes, including clear disclosure. In addition, my legislation would strengthen the law against mailings that mimic Government documents. Mailings could not use any language or device that gives the appearance that the mailing is connected, approved, or endorsed by the Federal Government.  Second, this bill provides strong new financial penalties for sending mail that does not comply with these and existing standards. Civil penalties include fines ranging from $50,000 to $2 million would be allowed depending on the number of mailings sent.  Third, the bill strengthens Federal law enforcement efforts and makes them more effective by giving the U.S. Postal Inspection Service additional tools to combat these deceptive practices.  Fourth, my legislation would preserve the important role the States play in fighting this type of fraud and deception. Our bill would not preempt States and local laws protecting consumers from fraudulent and deceptive mailings.  Mr. President, hundreds of millions of these promotional materials are sent out each year to consumers across the country. By design, they are meant to confuse their recipients and to trick them into spending money needlessly under the false pretense that doing so will earn them huge rewards.  As the chairman of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, I will shortly be holding hearings on this issue in the coming months to document the nature and extent of the problem and how these deceptive mailings affect Americans, particularly our senior citizens.  I look forward to working with my colleagues, particularly the subcommittee's ranking member, Senator Levin, who has been such a leader in this area. It is my hope that Congress will enact the Deceptive Mail Prevention and Enforcement Improvement Act to increase consumer protections, to improve law enforcement efforts, and to provide effective penalties for those who deceive American consumers.  Mr. President, I yield any remaining time to the Senator from Michigan, Senator Levin.  