President, I rise today to introduce the Rural Education Initiative Act. I am very pleased to be joined by my colleagues Senators Gregg, Conrad, Kerrey, Burns, Hutchinson, and Hagel as original cosponsors of this commonsense, bipartisan proposal to help rural schools make better use of Federal education dollars. I also want to acknowledge the valuable assistance provided by the American Association of School Administrators in the drafting of this legislation.  The Elementary and Secondary Education Act authorizes formula and competitive grants that allow many of our local school districts to improve the education of their students. These Federal grants support efforts to promote such laudable goals as the professional development of teachers, the incorporation of technology into the classroom, gifted and talented programs and class-size reduction. Schools receive several categorical grants supporting these programs, each with its own authorized activities and regulations and each with its own redtape and paperwork. Unfortunately, as valuable as these programs may be for thousands of predominantly urban and suburban school districts, they simply do not work well in rural areas.  The Rural Education Initiative Act will make these Federal grant programs more flexible in order to help school districts in rural communities with fewer than 600 students. Six hundred may not sound like many students to some of my colleagues from more populous or urban States, but they may be surprised to learn that more than 35 percent of all school districts in the United States have 600 or fewer students. In my State of Maine, 56 percent, or 158 of its 284 school districts, have fewer than 600 students. The two education initiatives contained in our legislation will overcome some of the most challenging obstacles that these districts face in participating in Federal education programs.  The first rural education initiative deals with four formula grants. Formula-driven grants from some education programs simply do not reach small rural schools in amounts that are sufficient to improve curriculum and teaching in the same way that they do for larger suburban or urban schools.  This is because the grants are based on school district enrollment. Unfortunately, these individual grants confront smaller schools with a dilemma; namely, they simply may not receive enough funding from any single grant to carry out meaningful activity. Our legislation will allow a district to combine the funds from four categorical programs.  Under the Rural Education Initiative Act, rural districts will be permitted to combine the funds from these programs and use the money to support reform efforts of their own choice to improve the achievement of their students and the quality of the instruction. Instead of receiving grants from four independent programs, each insufficient to accomplish the program's objectives, these rural districts will have the flexibility to combine the grants and thedollars to support locally chosen educational goals.  I want to emphasize that the rural initiative I have just described does not change the level of funding a district receives under these formula grant programs. It simply gives these rural districts the flexibility they need to use the funds far more effectively.  The second rural initiative in our legislation involves several competitive grant programs that present small rural schools with a different problem. Because many rural school districts simply do not have the resources required to hire grant writers and to manage a grant, they are essentially shut out of those programs where grants are competitively awarded.  The Rural Education Initiative Act will give small, rural districts a formula grant in lieu of eligibility for the competitive programs of the ESEA. A district will be able to combine this new formula grant with the funds from the regular formula grants and use the combined moneys for any purpose that will improve student achievement or teaching quality.  Districts might use these funds, for example, to hire a new reading or math teacher, to fund important professional development, to offer a program for gifted and talented students, to purchase high technology, or to upgrade a science lab, or to pay for any other activity that meets the district's priorities and needs.  Let me give you a specific example of what these two initiatives will mean for one Maine school district, School Administrative District 33. This district serves two northern Maine communities, Frenchville and St. Agatha. Each of these communities has about 200 school-age children. SAD 33 receives four separate formula grants ranging from about $1,900 from the Safe and Drug Free Schools Program to $9,500 under the Class Size Reduction Act.  You can see the problem right there. The amounts of the grants under these programs are so small that they really are not useful in accomplishing the goals of the program. The total received by this small school district for all four of the programs is just under $16,000. But each grant must be applied for separately, used for different--and federally mandated--purposes, and accounted for independently.  Under our legislation, this school district will be freed from the multiple applications and reports, and it will have $16,000 to use for locally identified education priorities. In addition, since SAD 33 does not have the resources needed to apply for the current competitively awarded grant programs, our legislation will allow this school district to receive a supplemental formula grant of $34,000. The bottom line is, under my legislation this district will have about $50,000 and the flexibility to use these Federal funds to address its most pressing educational needs.  But with this flexibility and additional funding comes responsibility. In return for the advantages and flexibility that our legislation provides, participating districts will be held accountable for demonstrating improved student performance. Each participating school district will be required to administer the same test of its choice annually during the 5-year period of this program. Based on the results of this test, a district will have to show that student achievement has improved in order to continue its participation beyond the 5-year period.  Since Maine and many other States already administer annual education assessments, districts will not incur any significant administrative burden in accounting and complying with this accountability provision. More important, the schools will be held responsible for what is really important, and that is improved student achievement, rather than for time-consuming paperwork in the form of applications and reports.  As one rural Maine superintendent told me: ``Give me the resources I need plus the flexibility to use them, and I am happy to be held accountable for improved student performance. It will happen.''  The Federal Government has an important role to play in improving education in our schools. But it has a supporting role, whereas States and communities have the lead role. We must improve our education system, we must enhance student achievement, without requiring every school in this Nation to adopt a plan designed in Washington and without imposing burdensome and costly regulations in return for Federal assistance.  The two initiatives contained in our bill will accomplish those goals. They will allow rural schools to use their own strategies for improvement without the encumbrance of onerous regulations and unnecessary paperwork. It is my hope that we will be able to enact this important and bipartisan legislation this year.  I thank my colleagues for their attention.  