President, I rise this afternoon to join my distinguished colleague, Senator Schumer, in introducing legislation that provides an effective option to the President and the Secretary of Energy to address the unfair, harmful manipulation in the global oil market. The Oil Price Safeguard Act would help to moderate sharp spikes in oil and gas prices caused by price fixing and production quotas through the judicious use of our enormous petroleum reserves.  The global oil market is dominated by an international cartel with the ability to dramatically affect the price of oil. The eleven member countries of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries known as OPEC supply over 40 percent of the world's oil and possess 78 percent of the world's total proven crude oil reserves. Their control of the world's oil supply allows these countries to collude to drive up the price of oil. OPEC has power to dominate the market and when it wields this power, consumers lose. Mr. President, if OPEC operated in the United States, the Department of Justice would undoubtedly prosecute the cartel for violation of U.S. anti-trust laws, but the cartel is beyond the reach of our antitrust enforcement.  To appreciate how much economic power OPEC wields, it is helpful to review the historical relationship between world oil prices and the U.S. Gross Domestic Product. When OPEC cuts production to increase profits, the American consumer suffers, as does our economy. Rising oil prices increase transportation and manufacturing costs, dampening economic growth.  The chart behind me entitled, ``Oil is a Vital Resource for the U.S. Economy,'' was prepared by the Energy Information Administration of the Department of Energy. On this chart, world oil prices are represented by the blue line, and U.S. Gross Domestic Product is represented by the red line. It is easy to see the inverse relationship between the two. When world oil prices are high, U.S. Gross Domestic Product drops. For example, in the late 1970s and early 1980s, as the price of oil climbed, the U.S. economy slumped into a deep recession. Conversely, the strength currently enjoyed by the U.S. economy was until recently accompanied by low oil prices.  If these historical trends hold, the current rise in crude oil prices is a serious threat to our economic prosperity. This second chart entitled ``EIA Crude Oil Price Outlook,'' shows that crude oil prices have risen since January 1999 and are expected to continue rising this winter. To a large extent, this chart demonstrates the ability of OPEC to drive the price of oil up. It is chilling, that the Federal agency responsible for projecting energy prices for the government is predicting that the price of oil will be above $25 a barrel into January of next year. This prediction underscores the need for the legislation Senator Schumer and I introduce today.  The bottom line is that consumers, as well as businesses, are hurt by expensive petroleum products. A rise in crude oil prices increases the price of home heating oil and gasoline. Northern states like Maine are particularly hard hit by increased oil prices because of the need to heat homes through long cold winters. Since about 6 out of 10 Maine homes burn oil and the average household uses 800 gallons annually increases in oil prices have a dramatic impact on the state's population and particularly on low-income families and seniors.  A rural state like Maine is also hard hit by increased gasoline prices at the pump since rural residents often travel further distances than those living in urban or suburban areas. For example, my constituents in Aroostook County are currently paying close to $1.50 a gallon for regular octane gasoline. At the same time, higher petroleum prices increase the cost of transporting oil and gasoline to rural areas, like Northern Maine.  At a recent OPEC meeting, the member nations reasserted their resolve to maintain high crude oil prices through production quotas. This is particularly troubling considering that the Energy Information Administration has projected that if New England experiences a particularly cold winter, the price of home heating oil could reach as high as $1.20 per gallon. This is 50 percent higher than what New Englanders paid for oil last year. Even if this winter has normal weather, the Energy Information Administration predicts significantly increased oil prices due in large measure to the OPEC production reductions. This chart, ``Crude and Distillate Price Outlook Higher than Last Winter'' shows projections for steeply increased prices in crude oil and, consequently, home heating oil. As you can see, prices have risen already and are expected to reach levels higher than those experienced during the winter of 1996-97.  Even if our diplomatic efforts fail to break OPEC's choke-hold on the world oil supply, we need not sit idly as oil and gas prices rise well-beyond where they would be in a normally-functioning market.  The United States has a tool available to ease the sting of this unfair market manipulation. The United States owns the largest strategic reserve of crude oil in the world. The Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) consists of roughly 571 million barrels of crude oil held in salt caverns in Texas and Louisiana. The Energy Policy and Conservation Act allows the Secretary of Energy to sell oil from the reserve if the President makes certain findings set forth in the law. In order to tap into the Reserve, the President must determine that an emergency situation exists causing significant and lasting reductions in the supply of oil and severe price increases likely to cause a major adverse impact on the national economy. In the history of the Reserve, the President has only made this declaration once, during the Gulf War.  The legislation I am proud to sponsor with Senator Schumer today, who has been a leader on this issue, will give the President more flexibility in using the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to protect American consumers. Specifically, this measure will amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to authorize a draw down of the reserve when the President finds that a significant reduction in the supply of oil has been caused by anti-competitive conduct. While many, myself included, believe that the President currently should consider ordering a draw down to counteract OPEC's latest market-distorting production quotas, this legislation will make it clear that he has the power to do so. It will also ensure that the proceeds from a draw-down of the Reserve are used to replenish its oil. The bill does by mandating that the proceeds are deposited in a special account designed for that purpose. We want to give the President the authority to use the SPR to restore market discipline, but not to permanently deplete the reserve in the process.  To further encourage the use of the SPR to offset harmful and uncompetitive activities of foreign pricing cartels, the Oil Price Safeguard Act will require the Secretary of Energy to consult with Congress regarding the sale of oil from the Reserve. If the price of a barrel of crude exceeds 25 dollars for a period greater than 14 days, thePresident, through the Secretary of Energy, will be required to submit to Congress a report within thirty days. This report will have four parts. First, it will detail the causes and potential consequences of the price increase. Second, it will provide an estimate of the likely duration of the price increase, based on analyses and forecasts of the Energy Information Administration. Third, it will provide an analysis of the effects of the price increase on the cost of home heating oil. And fourth, the report will provide a specific rationale for why the President does or does not support a draw down and distribution of oil from the SPR to counteract anti-competitive behavior in the oil market.  The bill we are introducing today will grant important new authority to the President to protect consumers from the market-distorting behavior of foreign cartels. It will require the President to explain to Congress and the American people why actions available to the President have not been exercised to protect consumers. I urge my colleagues to join Senator Schumer and me in working for expeditious passage of this important measure.  I yield to my colleague, the distinguished Senator from New York, so he may provide further explanation of our legislation. I commend him for his leadership on this issue.  