President, I regret that my colleague and friend from Illinois, Senator Durbin, has temporarily left the floor because I wanted him to hear my comments.  I want to start by commending the Senator from Illinois who has, indeed, been a leader in the effort to provide 100 percent tax-deductibility for health insurance purchased by self-employed individuals. I have been proud to be a cosponsor of the legislation he has introduced, as well as an identical bill introduced by Senator Bond, the chairman of the Senate Small Business Committee.  This issue has been an important one to me. I believe it will help many of our small business men and women throughout this Nation, including the 82,000 Mainers who are self-employed. They include, as you might suspect, many of our farmers, our fishermen, our lobstermen, our hairdressers, our electricians, our plumbers, our small shop owners. They are the ones who find it very difficult to afford the costs of health insurance.  Indeed, the part of Maine's population that has the most difficulty in affording health insurance is our self-employed individuals. By providing 100 percent deductibility for health insurance, we can assist these individuals in affording health insurance coverage. We thus will be taking a very important step toward reducing the number, the growing number, of uninsured Americans.  But this provision is important for another reason. It is important as a matter of equity. Right now a multinational corporation can deduct 100 percent of the cost of health insurance premiums for its employees, and yet the Tax Code discriminates against self-employed individuals. It allows self-employed individuals to deduct only 45 percent of the cost of the health insurance they purchase. That is simply unfair. So this corrects an inequity in our Tax Code, and it is important in terms of expanding access to health insurance.  I disagree with those on the other side of the aisle who contend, however, that somehow this very important provision does not belong on this bill, that it is a diversion of some sort. That statement tells me that my friends on the other side of the aisle still do not understand the crux of this debate. The crux of this debate is, are we going to pass legislation which will drive up the cost of health insurance to the point where we jeopardize coverage for 1.8 million Americans? That is the crux of this debate.  This debate is not only about holding HMOs accountable for the care that they promise; it is not only about improving the quality of care; it is not only about ensuring that people who are denied care that they need have the remedies to give them that care to ensure that care is provided before harm is done, but also this debate is about ensuring access to health insurance.  The single most important determining factor about whether or not people have health insurance is its cost. We face a growing problem with uninsured Americans in this country. It has gone to a record high 43 million Americans who lack health insurance. That is a terrible situation.  We should not be passing any legislation that is going to exacerbate that problem. Yet that is exactly what the Kennedy bill would do, by driving up the cost of health insurance to the point where it would jeopardize coverage for 1.8 million Americans. That is more than the population of the entire State of Maine. The last thing we need to do is to increase the pressure to drive up the cost and jeopardize insurance for working Americans.  The second part of Senator Nickles' amendment is also important. It affirms the Federal policy that was passed back in the 1940s when Congress passed the McCarran-Ferguson Act giving the States primary responsibility for insurance regulation. Some on this side of the aisle apparently believe that we need a debate on the McCarran-Ferguson Act. Fine. Let's have a debate on that. But we should recognize that until we repeal or change the McCarran-Ferguson Act, it is the policy of this country and the law of the land that the States, not the Federal Government, have the primary responsibility for the regulation of insurance. It is a system that has worked well for more than 50 years.  As someone who was responsible for the Bureau of Insurance in the State ofMaine for 5 years, I know firsthand what a good job our State regulators do and how seriously they take their responsibility of protecting consumers. Indeed, in my capacity as commissioner of the Department of Professional and Financial Regulation, I worked hard to strengthen the consumer division of our Bureau of Insurance.  We took enforcement actions against insurance companies that did not live up to the letter and the spirit of Maine's law. I can tell you that I know the people of Maine would much rather make a phone call to Augusta to the Bureau of Insurance and to ask for help--it has actually moved to Gardiner now--but to ask for help from the Bureau of Insurance's Consumer Division than to try to figure out the maze of Federal regulation and call the ERISA office in Boston for assistance. I don't think that is serving our consumers well.  I urge my colleagues to support Senator Nickles' amendment. It is an important amendment that will help expand access to health care while reaffirming the wisdom of the policy adopted more than 50 years ago when the Federal Government gave responsibility to the States to be the primary regulator of insurance.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of the time on our side.  