 It was an amendment I offered at that particular time. There were 53 votes in support of the amendment, including Senators Feinstein and Lieberman on the Democratic side who are still Members of the Senate. In addition, Senator Nunn, Senator Exon, and Senator Jeffords also supported that medical malpractice amendment back in 1995, which was, as I said, the last time we had a vote on this issue.  I will briefly describe what the amendment at the desk would do, and then I want to talk for a few minutes about the growing crisis. I know Senator Hatch is anxious to speak on judges, but I do want to at least describe what the amendment does and make a few observations about the growing crisis in the country.  First, let me make it clear that the amendment at the desk is pro-victim and pro-consumer. This amendment does not cap noneconomic--that is, pain and suffering--damages at all, not one penny. So compensatory damages--economic as well as pain and suffering--those kinds of damages are notin any way adversely impacted by a cap under the McConnell amendment.  We do place reasonable caps on lawyers' fees. By doing so, it ensures that the injured victim, not the victim's lawyer, gets the majority of the award. After all, that is only fair. It is the victim who has suffered the injury and not the lawyer.  This amendment also allows punitive damages, even though we know, all of us who understand punitive damages, that they are not designed to enrich the plaintiff but, rather, to punish the defendant. We allow punitive damages under a cap, a reasonable limit of twice compensatory damages. So no limits on compensation for pain and suffering, but a limit on punitive damages of twice compensatory damages, twice the economic and noneconomic damages.  Essentially, what we are doing is guaranteeing the injured victim full compensation. In addition to guaranteeing the injured victim full compensation, we are also ensuring that they get more of the money to which they are entitled by providing a reasonable cap on the fee for the lawyer. In order to bring some certainty to the system and drive the costs of insurance down, the amendment caps punitive damages at twice the sum of the compensatory damages awarded. It provides some certainty. This is a very pro-victim, pro-consumer amendment.  When we voted on this back in 1995, one of the arguments made, I recall, was that there was no crisis, what is the problem? Frankly, we thought it was a growing crisis at that point. Today, it is a perfectly apparent crisis. The Nevada Governor has called a special session beginning Monday on this very issue. This crisis is sweeping the country.  We have a map that I think is useful. The red States are States that are currently experiencing a medical liability crisis; States such as Nevada that I mentioned, the State of Washington, the States of Oregon, Texas, Mississippi, Georgia, Florida, and the cluster in the Northeast--New York, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Ohio. My own State of Kentucky is a State with problem signs.  To give an example, we have doctors moving to Indiana, across the Ohio River, because Indiana has reasonable caps on recovery, and therefore they do not have a medical malpractice crisis and the doctors are not bailing out. In States that have enacted a reasonable approach, the crisis does not exist.  Another interesting chart gives a sense of what has happened since we last voted on this issue in 1995. The median jury award then was around $500,000; today it has gone up to $1 million. I don't think anybody believes that doctors and nurses and health care professionals are any more negligent today than they were then. I don't suppose anyone would suggest there has been some kind of dramatic deterioration in their behavior over the last 7 years, but in fact the awards have gone up dramatically, and of course, as we know, the insurance rates along with it, leading to an exodus from this field across America. The crisis has arrived. It is here.  To give an example from my own State, a few weeks ago in Corbin, KY, the Corbin Family Health Center was forced to shut the doors because the doctors were unable to find an affordable insurance policy. Dr. Richard Carter and his four colleagues deliver about 250 babies a year and have never lost a malpractice claim. Yet when their insurance company, the St. Paul Companies, decided to leave the medical malpractice business, the Corbin Family Health Doctors lost their coverage--a group that had never lost a claim. The remaining few insurance companies that were willing to provide coverage were only willing to do so for $800,000 to $1 million, a whooping 465 percent increase.  This is going on all across America. Tuesday we will have an opportunity to elaborate. There are a number of Senators on my side of the aisle who want to speak to this national crisis.  I retain the remainder of my time.  