 It is important to reiterate the only clear way to look at the 8 years of the Clinton administration is to compare them to the 8 years of the Reagan administration. President Reagan got more judges confirmed than any other President, 382. He had a distinct advantage because 6 of the 8 years he was President his party controlled the Senate. President Clinton came in a close second, 377 judges confirmed, 5 fewer, but he was in a disadvantage because his party only controlled the Senate for 2 of his 8 years. It is hard to make the case that President Clinton was treated unfairly by the Republican Congress.  What we want to talk about today is the first 2 years of any President's term--how were they treated at the beginning of their 8 years. Particularly, we focus on the circuit judge nominations.  During the first 2 years of President Clinton's term, when his party controlled the Senate, he got 86 percent of his nominees confirmed for the circuit courts. During the first President Bush's first 2 years, when his party did not control the Senate, he got 95 percent of his circuit court nominees confirmed in his first 2 years. President Reagan, in his first 2 years, got 95 percent, as well, 19 out of 20.  Let's focus on the first 2 years, the beginning of what I certainly hope will be an 8-year period of the Presidency of George W. Bush. George W. Bush has gotten a mere 30 percent of his circuitcourt nominees confirmed, compared to 86 percent for President Clinton, 95 percent for the first President Bush, and 95 percent for President Reagan.  I call attention, since this is the 1-year anniversary of the first 11 nominations of President George W. Bush to the circuit courts. Only three have been confirmed, eight languish 1 year later without so much as a hearing to get a chance to explain their credentials to the Senate Judiciary Committee and to the larger Senate as well. Eleven distinguished and diverse men and women were nominated by President George W. Bush a year ago today. Only three have been confirmed. Of the remaining eight, none, not a single one, has even been afforded the courtesy of a hearing, not to mention a vote--a hearing by the Judiciary Committee.  Everyone in America is entitled to have their day in court. Even a judge is entitled to have their day in court. Our colleagues on the other side continually assure this side they are pushing fast to consider the President's judicial nominees, but my Republican colleagues and I have seen neither hide nor hair of these nominations in the Judiciary Committee. Frankly, some in the committee are worried about what might have happened to them. Where could they possibly be? A few people may recognize these individuals by sight. After all, none of them have even had a hearing. All most people know is a name attached to the nomination. No one knows what they look like; their whereabouts are a mystery. It is my hope citizens around the world would notify the Judiciary Committee if they spot these missing nominees somewhere out in America so maybe a hearing can be quickly scheduled on their behalf.  We have become accustomed to seeing missing children's pictures on milk cartons around America. We thought it might be appropriate to put the names of some of the nominees on milk cartons, so if any of our people across the country have seen any of them, maybe they could report them to the Judiciary Committee and the missing people could actually be given an opportunity to be heard.  A good first person to put on the milk carton is Miguel Estrada, nominated 365 days ago, this very day last year, to the D.C. Circuit Court. The ABA gave Miguel Estrada a unanimous well qualified. That is very hard to do. It is very tough to even get a partial well-qualified rating from the ABA but to get a unanimous rating of well qualified is truly extraordinary.  Miguel Estrada's life and his career is a great American success story. I am married to one of those immigrants who came to this country and didn't speak a word of English at 8, so I am very familiar with these wonderful stories of coming to America, particularly those who have been thrown into our public schools at an early age, not speaking English and coming to grips with that.  That is exactly what happened to Miguel Estrada. He came from Honduras, emigrated to the United States as a teenager, speaking virtually no English. Yet he graduated phi beta kappa from Columbia in New York and was editor of the Harvard Law Review. Miguel Estrada came to this country, not speaking a word of English, an honor student at Columbia, elected to the Law Review at Harvard, unanimously ``well qualified'' by the American Bar Association, an inspiration to immigrants all across America and particularly to Hispanic immigrants. He has argued 15 civil and criminal cases before the U.S. Supreme Court. But Americans do not know what he looks like. He has never had a hearing. He has never been able to show up in public and make his case that maybe this immigrant success story, an example to look up to by everyone in America, but particularly our immigrant population who came here and had to deal not only with learning the language but learning a new culture, this hero of the immigrant community has been languishing in the Judiciary Committee for 365 days. There is no indication in sight that he will be given a hearing.  To anyone who may be looking, if you have seen this man, you might want to report it to the Judiciary Committee so he can get a hearing.  Another nominee from a year ago, arguably pending for a decade, John Roberts has been waiting over 10 years for a hearing. He was nominated by the first President Bush over a decade ago to the D.C. Circuit Court and back then was pending for over a year without ever receiving a hearing. The current President Bush renominated Mr. Roberts 365 days ago, a year ago today, to the same court, the D.C. Circuit Court. Again, he has not had a hearing. This outstanding lawyer, again, unanimously rated ``well qualified'' by the ABA--and it is very tough to get a rating such as that--has actually been waiting for 2 years, 2 years just to get a hearing, an opportunity to tell his story. So we thought maybe he ought to be on the milk carton, too.  This unanimously well-qualified nominee has a long and distinguished career in public service, including serving as principal deputy to the Solicitor General from 1989 to 1993, and associate counsel to President Reagan from 1982 to 1986. The previous nominees had 15 arguments before the U.S. Supreme Court; this nominee has argued 36 cases before the U.S. Supreme Court and 20 cases in the U.S. appeals court across the country.  Has anyone seen John Roberts? Does anyone even know what he looks like? Has he been dropped into a black hole? Another great nominee of a year ago missing in action, not even given a hearing.  Also nominated a year ago today was Jeffrey Sutton. The ABA gave him--a majority--``qualified,'' and the rest gave him ``well qualified.'' So it was a split rating. The minority gave him ``well qualified''; the majority gave him ``qualified''--a very good rating.  Mr. Sutton graduated first in his class from Ohio State University College of Law. He has argued nine cases before the U.S. Supreme Court, both as a private attorney and as solicitor for the State of Ohio. He has taught constitutional law at Ohio State for the last 8 years.  Has anyone seen Jeffrey Sutton? Does anybody know what he looks like? He hasn't had an opportunity to be seen in public. Maybe he, too, should be put on a milk carton so somebody could recognize this guy and maybe report to the Senate Judiciary Committee that they have seen him. He really does exist. Maybe he ought to get an opportunity to be heard.  Jeffrey is a nominee for the Sixth Circuit, and I want to dwell on that for just a moment. Kentucky happens to be one of the States in the Sixth Circuit: Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky, and Tennessee. It is 50 percent vacant. That is not because the President has not sent up nominations. There are seven nominations up here. But not a single nominee from the Sixth Circuit has been confirmed. We have a judicial emergency. The Sixth Circuit is dysfunctional, not because the President has not made nominations.  I mentioned Miguel Estrada's success story. Here is a nominee from Michigan who, if confirmed, would become the first Arab American on a circuit court in American history, a nominee from the State of Michigan who, if confirmed, would become the first Arab American on a circuit court in the Nation's history. He has not yet had a hearing.  Jeffrey Sutton has been sitting there for 365 days, also for the Sixth Circuit. He is from the State of Ohio. If anybody sees Jeffrey Sutton, I want you know what he looks like. This is what he looks like. Send his picture in to the Judiciary Committee. Maybe he could at least get a hearing and an opportunity to state his qualifications for the court.  Deborah Cook: She has been a justice on the Ohio Supreme Court for the last 8 years--again, a Sixth Circuit nominee. This is the circuit that is 50 percent vacant--not because the President has not sent up nominations but because they have not been acted upon. Deborah Cook has been sitting there for 365 days. She was nominated a year ago today in the first batch sent up by President Bush.  Prior to her service on the Ohio Supreme Court, she was an appellate court judge for 4 years. She has been unanimously rated ``qualified'' by the American Bar Association. Has anybody seen Justice Cook? I wanted to make sure we could get a sense of what she looked like. This is a picture of Deborah Cook. If anyone wants to call her qualifications to the attention of the Judiciary Committee, they might take this opportunity to do that.  Terence Boyle is another nominee who arguably has been waiting 10 years for a hearing. He was nominated a decade ago by the first President Bush and waited for over a year without receiving a hearing at that time. He was nominated again 365 days ago, a year ago today, to the Fourth Circuit. The ABA unanimously rated him well qualified, just like Miguel Estrada--unanimously ``well qualified.'' That is as good as it gets. That means the committee of the ABA unanimously found this nomination to be of the highest order.  This nominee currently serves as the chief judge of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina and has been on that court since 1984 when his nomination to that court was unanimously confirmed by the Senate.  Has anyone seen Judge Boyle? We know he exists. We have seen his name on paper. This is what he looks like. If anybody sees Judge Boyle, they might call the Judiciary Committee and say maybe this unanimously well qualified nominee ought at least to get an opportunity to be heard, a chance to be questioned by the members of the committee, so we can make a determination as to whether or not he deserves a chance to be voted upon.  Michael McConnell--I wish this fellow were related to me, but he is not. In fact, I found out after he was nominated that he is from my hometown. I went to high school in Louisville, KY. I never knew him. I am not related to him or his parents, but I wish I were. What an outstanding nominee.  He was nominated for the Tenth Circuit 365 days ago, a year ago today. Again, the ABA found him, unanimously, ``well qualified.'' Like Miguel Estrada, like several of the other nominees I have mentioned, that is as good as it gets--unanimously well qualified.  Mr. McConnell is a distinguished law professor at the University of Utah College of Law and has served as an Assistant Solicitor at the U.S. Department of Justice. He is widely regarded as an authority on constitutional law, particularly issues involving the first amendment and religious clauses.  Mr. McConnell has received the support of over 300 college law professors, including the noted liberal professors Cass Sunstein and Sanford Levinson. Support for Mr. McConnell is across the ideological spectrum from the people who know him best, law professors around America.  Has anybody seen Michael McConnell? I want you to be able to recognize him. This is his picture. This nominee, unanimously ``well qualified'' by the ABA, surely could at least be given a hearing before the committee to have an opportunity to state his qualifications and be asked questions.  Justice Priscilla Owen is on the Texas Supreme Court. She was nominated 365 days ago, a year ago today. She has served with distinction on the Texas Supreme Court for the past 8 years. Now she is being nominated for the Fifth Circuit. The ABA has unanimously rated her well qualified.  This is a situation where we have a judicial emergency. A judicial emergency has been declared here. Yet we have a nominee who has been languishing for a year with not even so much as a hearing.  So, this is what Justice Priscilla Owen looks like. She is an attractive, nice looking woman, smart lawyer.  If anybody sees her here in the hall, they might direct her down to the Senate Judiciary Committee. Maybe she could ask somebody for a hearing.  Dennis Shedd was nominated 365 days ago--1 year ago today--to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. He served as a sitting Federal judge for the U.S. District Court for South Carolina since 1990. The ABA rated him ``well qualified.'' He taught at the University of South Carolina from 1989 to 1992 and has been chief counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee right here in the Senate.  I am sure there are people over in the Senate Judiciary Committee who know what Dennis Shedd looks like because he used to run that committee staff. Maybe we don't need to send them a picture of Dennis Shedd. Maybe some of them actually remember him. You would think Dennis Shedd, as a matter of common courtesy, having formally been staff director over at the Judiciary Committee, could at least get a hearing so he could state his qualifications and have a chance to make his case.  The message for today is that it has been a year since the President sent up his first 11 nominations for the circuit courts. Eight of them have dropped into a black hole and have literally disappeared.  That is why we thought it might be a good idea to have a picture of some of them in case it might help in recognizing them and giving them an opportunity for fundamental fairness. We are in the first 2 years of George W. Bush's Presidency--not the last 2 years, not the last year, not the last 6 months. I think we can all concede that toward the end of a President's term, nominations frequently don't move. But there is no precedent--none--for this kind of slow walking and stonewalling in the beginning of a President's term. President Clinton got 86 percent of his circuit court nominees in the first 2 years. His party controlled the Senate. I am, frankly, surprised that it wasn't 100 percent because his party controlled the Senate in the first 4 years of his term. But he got 86 percent.  The first President Bush got 95 percent of his nominees in his first 2 years and his party did not control the Senate.  President Reagan got 95 percent of his circuit court nominees in his first 2 years and his party did control the Senate.  As you can see the pattern here, no matter who has been in the majority of the Senate, and no matter who has been in the White House in the first 2 years, these games have not been played in the past. This is unprecedented. You can throw the statistics around as much as you want, but we are talking about the first 2 years of a President's administration. It has never been done before.  The good news is it is not too late. This is May 9. There is a month left. It is never too late for salvation.  It is my hope that these outstanding nominees missing in action and who have seemingly dropped down a black hole will get an opportunity to be heard as a matter of fundamental fairness.  I had an opportunity, along with others, to meet with the President earlier today on this issue. I heard some suggestions made on the other side of the aisle that this is really all about in effect telling the President who to send up. In other words, Mr. President, send up a certain kind of nominee or you won't get action. I can't speak for the President, but I have the clear impression that this President believes, as all other President's believe, that the business of selecting nominees to the circuit court level and to the Supreme Court level are Presidential prerogatives. I don't think this President is going to operate any differently on that issue than President Clinton or President Carter or President Roosevelt. We all know that Senators have an opportunity to make suggestions on district court nominees. That has not changed. But circuit court nominees and Supreme Court nominees have historically and will be forever the prerogative of the President.  The thought that any of us are going to be able to dictate to this President or any other President who those nominees might be is absurd. It is not going to happen tomorrow. It is not going to happen a month from now. It is not going to happen ever. No President--Republican or Democrat--is going to allow the Senate, no matter which party controls the Senate, to in effect tell him or her who they are going to pick for the circuit courts.  It is time for a fair hearing. And it is time to vote. If the members of the Judiciary Committee want to vote down these nominees, that is certainly their prerogative. They have done that already once this year. But it is time to quit hiding out. It is time to stand up and be counted. It is time to allow these missing people to be seen and heard, and to vote.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  