 President, the Senate last week confirmed Professor John Rogers to one of the seven vacant seats on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. Professor Rogers' career has been marked by excellence and achievement, and he will be a fine addition to the Sixth Circuit.  He was elected to Phi Beta Kappa at Stanford. At the University of Michigan law school, he was a member of the prestigious Order of the Coif. He has twice served in the Appellate Section of the Civil Division of the Department of Justice, earning a Special Commendation for Outstanding Service. He has been on the faculty of the University of Kentucky College of Law since 1978, where he is the Thomas P. Lewis Professor of Law. Professor Rogers has also twice served as a Fulbright Professor in China. Finally, it is worth noting that Professor Rogers has dedicated a good part of his life to the service of his country as a member of the field artillery in the United States Army Reserves. He is retired with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.  Professor Rogers, in addition to having the enthusiastic support of both Senator Bunning and myself, has earned a unanimous rating of qualified by the American Bar Association. I am confident that he will make the citizens of the Commonwealth proud, and that he will provide badly-needed relief to the woefully understaffed Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.  As I have said repeatedly, I appreciate the fair manner in which Chairman Leahy treated Kentucky judicial nominees, particularly nominees to the district courts in Kentucky. However, some of his statements on the floor Monday evidence a serious misunderstanding of the genesis of the Sixth Circuit vacancy crisis and of Professor Rogers' judicial record and philosophy.  As many people know, the Sixth Circuit has been in dire straits, and although some of my Democrat colleagues have tried mightily to do so, the blame for this sorry situation cannot be laid at the feet of a Republican-controlled Senate.  At the beginning of this year, half of the sixteen seats on the Sixth Circuit were vacant. But contrary to the assertions of my friend from Vermont, half of those vacancies arose in the first year of President Bush's presidency. Judges Gilbert F. Merritt, Alan E. Norris, Richard F. Suhrheinrich, and Eugene F. Siler all took senior status in 2001--after President Bush came into office.  With respect to another vacancy on the Sixth Circuit, my friend from Vermont notes that the Senate did not act on President Clinton's nomination of Mr. Kent Markus. Mr. Markus was nominated to fill the vacancy that arose from Judge David A. Nelson taking senior status. The Senate was unable to act on this vacancy, however, because President Clinton did not nominate Mr. Markus until his final year in office, when only nine months remained until the presidential election.  As to a sixth vacancy, that created by the retirement of Judge James L. Ryan, President Clinton did not even submit a nomination.  As to the remaining two vacancies, it is my understanding that the Republican Senate could not confirm the nominees to these seats, Ms. Helene White and Ms. Katherine McCree Lewis, because the Clinton Administration did not properly consult on their nominations. As a result, these nominations faced home-state opposition that prevented the Senate from moving them forward.  I ask unanimous consent that an article from the Wall Street Journal on the subject of these nominations be printed in the Record at the end of my remarks.  