 It would simply allocate $50 million over the next 10 years, per year, and pay for it with a thirteen-hundredths-of-1-percent lowering of loan rates, a thirteen-hundredths-of-1-percent reduction in loan rates over 10 years, which is a minuscule reduction in loan rates, to benefit the disabled and working families with children.  That is what the underlying amendment is about. I had hoped the Senator from Iowa, the chairman of the committee, would accept this amendment. It seems to me it is pretty simple. There is not a farmer in America who is going to notice a thirteen-hundredths-of-1-percent reduction in loan rates over 10 years. No farmer is going to recognize that. But a lot of disabled people and working families will recognize the $16-a-month difference that it will make for them.  On this amendment, I speak not only for myself but I speak for the following groups: The Children's Defense Fund, the Kentucky Task Force on Hunger, the Center on Budget and Policy  Priorities, the National Council of La Raza, the Food Research and Action Center, America's Second Harvest, Bread for the World, and the Western Regional Antihunger Coalition, which includes the Food Bank of Alaska, the Association of Arizona Food Banks, the California Food Policy Advocates, the California Association of Food Banks, the Idaho Community Action Network, the Montana Food Network, Montana Hunger Coalition, the Oregon Hunger Relief Tax Force, the Oregon Food Bank, the Utahns Against Hunger, the Children's Alliance of Washington, the Washington Association of Churches, and the Washington Food Coalition.  All of these groups are interested in helping provide sustenance for the disabled and working families with children. And the only sacrifice that the McConnell amendment envisions farmers making is a thirteen-hundredths-of-1-percent reduction in loan rates over 10 years.  I don't think there is a need to further explain the underlying amendment. I had hoped Senator Harkin would accept it. Since he has not chosen to do that, I hope the Harkin second-degree amendment will be defeated and that the underlying amendment supported by all of these groups interested in feeding hungry people and disabled people will be agreed to.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  