 I certainly agree with him that this is legislation we should have passed quite some time ago. The principle sticking point with which I am concerned is the liability issue.  Under the underlying bill, punitive damages are available against victims of terrorism. Let me repeat that. Having just been attacked by the terrorists, the victims of that terrorist act are subject to punitive damages under the underlying bill.  The only concession that those advocates of this kind of litigation have made is to take the taxpayers off the hook for punitive damages. But the way the thresholds are allocated under the balance of the bill, it is highly likely that the taxpayers will be liable under any attack, and all other kinds of damages other than punitive damages will be available against the taxpayer.  We are talking about a bill that while certainly in concept is desirable, it has a number of significant flaws, one of which I would like to begin to try to fix this morning by laying down the amendment I will lay down shortly.  While many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have been talking about the need for a terrorism insurance bill, my Republican colleagues and I have been busily preparing for action. Two weeks ago, Senator Gramm and I broke a month-long logjam by informally offering a proposal for a base text that establishes a responsible program for Federal assistance and assures that we don't punish the victims of terrorism for the criminal acts of the terrorists.  For months now, the Senate has been locked in a debate about whether an American victim of a terrorist attack, whether it is Walt Disney World, the Mall of America, Giants Stadium, or the Las Vegas MGM Grand, should be held liable for punitive damages.  Remember, punitive damages are intended to punish bad actors. That is what punitive damages are about. In all other ways, defendants are compensated. Punitive damages are designed to punish the defendant. They are not designed to compensate victims.  Nothing in the Republican proposal for a base bill has sought to limit damages to compensate victims. There are no efforts on our part in the Senate to limit damages to compensate victims. What we are talking about is punitive damages which are designed to punish defendants.  We are talking solely about whether American victims of a terrorist attack should be punished not once but twice, attacked first by the terrorists, attacked second by the lawyers.  In pondering this question our colleagues who disagree and their allies have raised an interesting point--that there are some victims of terrorism whose conduct may be so flagrant, indeed so criminal, that as a matter of public policy, we should not let it go unpunished. So to address that concern head on, Senator Gramm and I offered a new compromise for a base bill that I fully expected my Democratic colleagues would embrace, at least I had hoped they would. Our proposal would permit punitive damages against any defendant who has been convicted of a crime in State or Federal court. Using our criminal justice system to determine what conduct is worthy of punishment is a simple, commonsense solution to ensure that no criminals avoid punitive damages in civil cases.  Let me state that again: In an ideal world, we would not have any punitive damages available against a victim of a terrorist attack. But to help address the concerns of those on the other side that punitive damages might lie in some extraordinary circumstance, the amendment I am about to offer provides a punitive damage opportunity against victims of terrorism who themselves have been convicted of a criminal act. That makes sense because if you have been convicted of a criminal act, punitive damages ought to lie because of the nature of the conduct.  Although Senator Gramm and I informally offered this proposal before the Memorial Day recess, we did not formally offer it on the floor because we wanted to give the other side plenty of time to consider this approach as a compromise for a base bill.  Actually our proposal was the second compromise supported by many on this side of the aisle. The first compromise from the House-passed bill included astripped down liability section agreed upon by Senators Gramm, Sarbanes, Dodd, and Enzi. But that compromise was later undone in December by others on the other side of the aisle.  After months of inaction, Senator Gramm and I came back to propose this second compromise in the hopes that our colleagues on the other side would agree to these protections.  Sadly, the opposite appears to have taken place. Our colleagues on the other side rejected our idea by proceeding to a bill that would allow American victims of a terrorist attack to be held liable for punitive damages. Under this underlying bill, American victims of a terrorist attack could be held liable for punitive damages.  This approach to punitive damages does not compensate plaintiffs, does not prevent the double punishment of American companies who are victims of a terrorist attack, and does nothing to prevent insurance money intended to rebuild homes and reopen American business from being diverted to pay lottery-sized litigation awards.  The message this sends to the American people is that some of our colleagues are not truly concerned with guarding against criminal conduct. Instead, they appear more concerned with guarding the rights of personal injury lawyers to seek punitive damages against American victims of terrorism, protecting the opportunity for American lawyers to seek punitive damages against American victims of terrorism.  On Saturday, the New York Times, certainly a publication I am not frequently allied with on any matter, asked Senate Democrats to move toward our liability proposal. This is the New York Times talking:       Senate Democratic leaders eager to pass their own bill must      compromise, even if it means offending trial lawyer groups.  This is the New York Times.       Senate Republicans appear willing to accept far more modest      curbs on terrorism-related litigation than their House      brethren. Their proposals provide the basis for an eventual      reconciliation of House and Senate efforts.  This is in the New York Times, the liberal New York Times, in an editorial entitled ``Insuring Against Terrorism,'' June 8, 2002, just a few days ago.  The home office of the New York Times, of course, is in New York City where this problem is the most apparent. They would like to see some action, and they think having some reasonable limits on punitive damages makes sense in the context of moving this legislation along.  On Monday, four top administration officials, including Treasury Secretary O'Neill, National Economic Council Director Larry Lindsey, Office of Management and Budget Director Mitch Daniels, Council of Economic Advisors Director Glenn Hubbard, announced they would recommend that the President veto legislation that ``leaves the American economy and victims of terrorist acts subject to predatory lawsuits and punitive damages.'' They sent a letter to Senator Lott, dated June 10. Let me say it again. All four of these top officials in the Bush administration say they would recommend the President veto legislation that ``leaves the American economy and victims of terrorist acts subject to predatory lawsuits and punitive damages.''  That gives us some parameters or outlines here if we are serious about making a law and not simply playing legislative games. We ought to pass a bill that has a chance of being signed. I think it is pretty clear that the President's top advisers in this area would recommend that he veto legislation similar to the underlying bill. So we have an opportunity, if we are serious about this legislation, to fix it up and get rid of this outrageous punitive damage provision that subjects victims of terrorism to these awards, unless they themselves have engaged in criminal conduct, in which case I must say I think they deserve punitive damages in that unlikely eventuality.  Interestingly, for those who say liability protections are not an important part of terrorism insurance, let me share with you a quote from a recent report by the Joint Economic Committee:       Liability costs are estimated to constitute the largest      single cost of the 9-11 attacks and could easily exceed the      property damage, life insurance, and workers compensation      payments combined.  That is from the ``Economic Perspectives on Terrorism Insurance,'' prepared by the Joint Economic Committee in May of this year.  With this backdrop, I send the amendment to the desk on behalf of myself, Senator Gramm, and Senator Lott.  