 I will briefly discuss the second-degree amendment. I expect to vote for the underlying bill, but we ought to, in the name of equity, apply the same principles in the underlying bill we are seeking to apply to corporations to labor unions.  The amendment I sent to the desk requires union financial statements to be audited by an independent accountant using procedures that mirror those of public companies under Federal securities laws. It imposes civil penalties for violations of these new auditing requirements that mirror those imposed on the Security Exchange Act of 1934. Third, it requires that the Union President and Secretary-Treasurer certify the accuracy of financial reports, mirroring a similar requirement for CEOs and CFOs in the Sarbanes bill.  We are debating how to better oversee and enforce the audit requirements for large corporations that were first established under the Securities Act of 1933. It may shock many to learn that labor unions are not even required to have independent audits of the financial statements they file with the Department of Labor--or should I say that they are required to file. Many unions apparently thumb their nose at the requirement. A study by the Office of Labor Management Standards found that 34 percent of all unions filed late financial reports or no reports at all.  If we are serious about protecting the investing public from the financial fraud of corporations and accountants, we should be equally serious about protecting the day-to-day American worker--the plumbers, the machinists, the longshoremen, and the steelworkers--from the financial fraud of union officials.  One prominent union official recently said that:       Over the coming months you will no doubt hear more about      the Enron scandal and the many thousands of people who have      lost their pensions because of corporate greed.  I agree with that. What we do not hear enough of are the stories of union greed. It is only fair to share some of them today. I have a rather long list I will discuss later in the debate, but let me cover a few of them in my allotted time. We have heard of Arthur Andersen, but has anyone heard of Thomas Havey? That is the accounting firm where a partner confessed to helping a bookkeeper conceal the embezzlement of hundreds of thousands of dollars from a worker training fund of the International Association of Ironworkers. And in an eerie parallel to the Enron scandal, the Havey accountants revealed startling information--10 years ago, the then General Counsel for the Ironworkers Union said that if the accounting firm refused to assist in the union scheme to conceal financial mismanagement, the accounting firm should be fired. Sadly, the accounting firm complied.  We have all heard of Global Crossing, but has anyone heard of ULLICO? That is the multibillion-dollar insurance company owned primarily by unions and their members' pension funds that invested $7.6 million in Global Crossing. Apparently, ULLICO directors received a sweetheart investment deal that allowed them to make millions on the sale of stock. The union pensionfunds, however, dried up with Global Crossing's demise.  There is much more. An accountant within the National Association of Letter Carriers embezzled more than $3.2 million from union funds over an 8-year period to buy 8 cars, 2 boats, 3 jet skis, a riding mower, and 105 collectable dolls. A former official of the Laborers' Union District Council in Oregon, Idaho, and Wyoming is in jail for accepting hundreds of thousands of dollars in kickbacks for directing money into a ponzi-like investment scheme that defrauded Oregon labor unions of $355 million.  I have a number of additional examples that I wish to get to later, but I do want to say in summary, again, what my amendment is about, just so everyone will understand as we move subsequently to a vote. It first requires union financial statements to be audited by an independent accountant using procedures that mirror those of public companies under the Federal securities laws; second, it imposes civil penalties for violations of these new auditing requirements that mirror those imposed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and, third and finally, it requires that the Union President and Secretary-Treasurer certify the accuracy of their financial reports, which mirrors a similar requirement for CEOs and CFOs in the Sarbanes bill.  I yield the floor.  