 President, I listened with interest to the speech of my good friend from Massachusetts, although I must say that it must have been drafted to address a different amendment other than the one the Senator from Kentucky sent to the desk. None of the victims that Senator Kennedy recounted would have lost a penny of economic or noneconomic damages under the amendment that is at the desk--not a penny. We don't cap either pain and suffering, or economic damages. There is no cap at all.  I did not hear my friend from Massachusetts talk about the legal fees.  Let us go back and take a look at what this amendment does before yielding to my friend, the only doctor in the Senate, to address this issue.  This is a pro-victim amendment. There are no caps on economic and noneconomic damages in this amendment. Two things are capped: Punitive damages, which are designed to punish the defendant and not enrich the plaintiff, are capped at twice the rest of the damages. There is a very reasonable cap on attorney's fees. And the reason for that is the plaintiffs--the victims--the senior Senator from Massachusetts is talking about are only getting about 52 percent of the money. Those grievously injured parties are not getting enough of the awards.  Let us in this debate talk about the amendment that is before us--not the amendment that might have been before us.  The AMA supports the amendment--frankly, somewhat tepidly. They would like to go further. But the AMA does support my amendment. Obviously, they think it would make a difference in being able to continue to provide health care for our American citizens.  Mr. President, the amendment I offer would make needed reforms to medical malpractice litigation.  There are few challenges facing this body that are more complex than improving the quality and affordability of health care in America. This week, we will have debated competing proposals to expand Medicare and create a prescription drug benefit. Over the past year, the Senate has passed legislation to strengthen our Nation's defenses against the threat of bioterrorism and provide new resources to the researchers at the National Institutes of Health, NIH. While all of these proposals are worthy of this body's consideration, the Senate has not yet addressed one of the fundamental problems limiting the accessability and affordability of quality care: reforming our Nation's flawed medical malpractice system.  These reforms are essential to ensuring that quality health care is available and affordable to all Americans. After all, what good is a Medicare drug benefit if you can't find a doctor to write a prescription or a pharmacist to fill it? Our current medical malpractice system encourages excessive litigation, drives up costs, and literally scares care-givers out of the medical profession. All too often, these lawsuits result in exorbitant judgements that benefit personal injury lawyers more than they compensate injured patients.  Enacting reasonable medical malpractice reforms will reduce health care costs and improve access to care, while allowing legitimate victims full access to the courts. My amendment would take a modest, but important, first step at reforming this flawed medical malpractice system in a manner which I believe will attract significant bipartisan support.  I have long championed strong, medical malpractice reform legislation. I believe debate on the Greater Access to Affordable Pharmaceuticals Act, provides us not only the opportunity, but the obligation, to enact meaningful malpractice reforms.  Much like the issue of a Medicare drug benefit, medical malpractice reform is not a new topic for the Senate. During debate on the Product Liability Fairness Act of 1995, I offered an amendment to enact reasonable reforms to our Nation's medical malpractice laws. After debating the amendment for several days, I was proud to have the support of 53 Senators and my amendment was agreed to by the Senate. Among those 53 supporters were some prominent Democrats and Independents: Senators Lieberman, Feinstein, Jeffords, Nunn and Exon.  Today I offer the same amendment the Senate agreed to in 1995. For the benefit of my colleagues who have joined the Senate since we last debated this issue, my amendment would do the following: The McConnell amendment would limit punitive damages to two times the sum of compensatory damages, economic and non-economic. This provision would help end the litigation lottery, where punitive damages are awarded out of all proportion to the underlying conduct. The threat of being unreasonably held responsible for millions and millions of dollars in damages hangs like the sword of Damocles over the heads of our medical professionals.  My amendment would eliminate joint liability for non-economic and punitive damages. As a result, defendants would only be liable for their own proportionate share for the harm that occurred. It is unfair for an injured person to be found 99 percent liable for his injury, and his doctor to responsible for only 1 percent, yet the doctor has to pay for all of the damages.  The amendment places modest limits on attorneys' contingency fees in medical malpractice cases. Specifically, the amendment would only allow personal injury lawyers to collect 33 percent of the first $150,000 of an award and 25 percent of the award on all amounts above $150,000.  My amendment encourages States to develop alternative dispute resolutions mechanisms to help resolve disputes before they go to court.  As I noted earlier, the amendment I offer today is the same one that the Senate agreed to in 1995. Unfortunately, as we all know, it is impossible to pass contentious legislation in this body without the 60 votes necessary to invoke cloture. Therefore, in the interests of preventing a filibuster against the larger product liability bill, I withdrew my medical malpractice amendment, and it has never been signed into law.  In 1995, the Senate considered our medical malpractice system to be so flawed that it required the Federal Government to enact these exact reforms. In the period since then, the system has gotten dramatically worse, not better.  I might not be so passionate about enacting medical malpractice reforms if these lawsuits were an accurate mechanism for compensating patients who had been truly harmed by negligent doctors. Unfortunately, the data shows just the opposite. In 1996, researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health performed a study of 51 malpractice cases which was published in the New England Journal of Medicine. In approximately half of those cases, the patient had not even been harmed, yet in many instances the doctor settled the matter out of court, presumably just to rid themselves of the nuisance. In the report's conclusion, the researchers found that, ``there was no association between the occurrence of an adverse event due to negligence or an adverse event of any type and payment.'' In everyday terms, this means that the patient's injury had no relation to whether or not they received payment in their malpractice case.  While the research showing that litigation's effectiveness at compensating the injured hasn't stopped the personal injury lawyers from rushing to the courthouse to file more lawsuits, the jackpots in the personal injury lawyers' litigation lottery have increased dramatically since we considered this issue in 1995. As my first chart shows, the Jury Verdict Research Service reports that the median award made by a jury has more than doubled since 1996, from $474,000 to $1,000,000 in 2000. Not surprisingly, the increase in jury awards has led to a similar increase in the dollar value of settlements reached out of court. Since 1995, the median settlement has increased from $350,000 to $500,000 in 2000.  These escalating settlements might make one wonder, ``Are our doctors, nurses and hospitals twice as negligent as they were just 6 years ago?'' The answer is, of course, no: the doctors haven't gotten worse, but the system has. In fact, plaintiffs only won 38 percent of the medical malpractice claims that went to trial, essentially the same as it was in 1995, 35 percent.  I think this bears repeating. In 1995, the Senate considered our medical malpractice system to be so flawed that it required the federal government to enact limits on the contingency fees charged by personal injury lawyers and punitive damages. In the period since then, the system has gotten worse, not better.  This litigation explosion is manifested in the premiums which doctors pay for their malpractice insurance. In the 7 years since we last debated medical malpractice reform on the Senate floor, doctors on Main Street USA have seen dramatic increases in their insurance premiums. Since 1995, obstetricans, OB-GYN's, have seen their premiums increase an average of almost 12 percent a year, each and every year. The same is true for the general surgeons who have seen their malpractice premiums increase 13 percent each year. Let me be perfectly clear, I am not talking about a thirteen percent increase over seven years, these premiums are increasing 13 percent EVERY year.  This may make people wonder, ``Why should I care about how much doctors pay for malpractice insurance premiums?'' The answer is access. Doctors are less likely to provide those services for which they are likely to be sued.  This is particularly true in rural areas of this Nation. While many doctors are willing to set up practices in rural areas, they cannot forgo malpractice insurance. Therefore, many doctors are forced to establish practices in more urban and suburban areas where they can earn the fees necessary to cover their malpractice premiums.  This has certainly been the case in Kentucky this year. Just a few weeks ago, the Corbin Family Health Center in Corbin, KY was forced to shut its doors because its doctors were unable to find an affordable insurance policy. Dr. Richard Carter and his four colleagues at Corbin Family Health deliver about 250 babies a year and have never lost a malpractice claim. Yetwhen their insurance company, The St. Paul Cos., decided to leave the medical malpractice business, Corbin Family Health's doctors lost their coverage. The remaining few insurance companies that were willing to provide coverage will only do so for $800,000 to $1 million a whopping 465 percent increase.  This is a tragedy. Fifty of the clinic's patients are due to give birth in the next 2 months, and 130 more are due by the end of this year.  Fortunately for the families of Corbin, KY, the clinic's doctors were able to secure coverage last week, and the clinic reopened. However, their premium is twice what they paid previously. In addressing his clinic's predicament, the clinic's director, Steven Sartori, noted, ``Even though you're relieved, it's not over because this malpractice problem is not going to go away . . . There's more doctors who are going to be in the same predicament I was in.''  This problem is not limited to Kentucky. On July 1 of this year, Atmore Community Hospital in Atmore, AL, was forced to close its obstetrics program because it could not afford the 282 percent increase in malpractice insurance from $23,000 to $88,000. Now, expecting mothers must travel either to the hospital in Brewton, AL, 30 miles away, or to the big city hospitals in Mobile or Pensacola. That's more than an hour and a half drive.  Nor is the problem limited to the South. The administrators at Copper Queen Community Hospital in Brisbee, AZ were recently forced to close their maternity ward because their family practitioners were looking at a 500 percent premium increase. Expectant mothers must now travel more than 60 miles to the closest hospital in Sierra Vista or Tucson. According to a recent article in Forbes magazine, four women have since delivered babies en route.  In New Jersey, the director of Obstetrics and Gynecology at Holy Name Hospital was forced to lay off six employees from his practice when his malpractice premiums doubled. He told the New York Times ``The issue is, we can't stay open. It's going to restrict access to care. It's going to change the way OB is delivered to the population, and they're not going to like it.''  While our flawed medical malpractice system may be hitting obstetricians particularly hard, it is negatively impacting nearly every aspect of the medical profession. Many radiologists in Georgia are no longer reading mammograms, Atlanta Business Chronicle, 6/21/2002, because of the liability associated with the service. These lifesaving mammograms may only make up 5 percent of a radiologist's practice, but are responsible for a whopping 75 percent of their insurance liability. Officials at Memorial Hospital and Manor in Bainbridge, GA faced a staggering 600 percent increase in premiums despite a ``nearly spotless claims history,'' Modern Healthcare, 4/1/2002.  However, no one should be fooled into thinking that this medical malpractice crisis is limited to the small hospitals of rural America. Perhaps the most publicized case involves the closure of the trauma unit at the University of Nevada Medical Center, UMC. Trauma centers are frequently referred to as ``super emergency rooms'' because they are staffed with highly trained surgeons and specialists who are qualified to treat the highest risk cases. Nearly all of the highly skilled surgeons and orthopedists who worked in the UMC unit decided they could no longer risk the liability exposure and resigned. UMC's director Dr. John Fildes explained that, ``We want to be here, that's the sad thing. These physicians want to take care of patients, but they are withdrawing from high-risk activities to protect their families and livelihoods'', Washington Post 7/4/2002.  What does the closing of UMC's Trauma Center mean to the people of southern Nevada? It means that those patients who are most seriously injured in car accidents must either be treated at less prepared emergency rooms or transferred out of state to the nearest trauma center. Fortunately, UMC has reached a temporary arrangement that will allow the unit to re-open by classifying its physicians as State employees for the next 45 days.  Pennsylvania has faced a similar crisis. I would like to read from a recent article that appeared in the Allentown Morning Call:  Thomas DiBenedetto is a marked man.  He feels the bull's-eye on his back every time someone is wheeled into Lehigh Valley Hospital's emergency room with broken, mangled bones.  It's his job to put people back together. DiBenedetto is an orthopedic surgeon in the Level One trauma center, and he loves what he does. Or, at least, he did.  Large medical malpractice awards and increasingly litigious patients have made it difficult for him to enjoy the job he's been doing for 13 years. He has been sued four times.  He won all four cases. Yet, his malpractice insurance costs this year went up nearly a third, to $44,000. Even though his record is clean, he expects the bill to continue to climb.  Now, I am tempted to take issue with the AMA's finding in that I think some of these States have crossed the line from having serious problems to being in a crisis. I know how bad the situation is in Kentucky, and I think Kentucky ought to be listed as a crisis State. I noted the closure of the Corbin Family Health Center earlier, and we see daily reports of how Kentucky physicians are packing their medical bags and heading to Indiana, which has more reasonable tort laws.  For those doctors who choose to stick with the profession they love, they will inevitably be forced to pass these higher malpractice costs along to consumers in the form of higher fees. Several years ago the Hudson Institute conducted a study in which it estimated that liability costs added $450 to the cost of each patient admission to a hospital and accounted for 5.3 percent of their medical expenditures. In 1994, the Towers-Perrin Research firm estimated that malpractice expenses added $12.7 billion to the cost of health care in America. To put that into terms many Senators can understand, that is more money that Medicare spent on nursing home care in 1994 and almost as much as was spent on the Medicare Home Health benefit. I don't think anyone would argue that these dollars would be better spent improving patient care rather than lining the pockets of the personal injury lawyers.  I will be the first person to admit that the reforms I propose today are modest. As many of my colleagues know, I have authored even stronger reforms contained in free-standing legislation, the Common Sense Medical Malpractice Reform Act of 2001. Our Nation's health care is staring down the barrel of a medical malpractice crisis, and it must be addressed soon. Therefore, I have chosen to offer this amendment which the Senate already agreed to in 1995. At its heart, this amendment merely assures that patients, not personal injury lawyers, receive the vast majority of any jury award or settlement. By establishing proportional liability, the amendment ensures that damages are paid by those parties who actually inflict the harm. I believe these are common sense steps the Senate can take to address, and I urge my colleagues to support it.  I yield 20 minutes to the distinguished Senator from Tennessee, the only physician in the Senate who is well versed on this issue. I yield 20 minutes to the Senator from Tennessee.  