 The leader may or may not know that Senator McCain and I have had three meetings on this subject. My staff and his staff, and others on the other side of that issue, worked for 3 weeks to resolve six very small items. There were 10 meetings between the staffs of Senator McCain and Feingold and mine, several phone conversations daily when staff was permitted to speak to each other, phone conversations late at night and over the weekend. Late last night, Senators McCain and Feingold provided a draft incorporating two technical changes of their own, to which we immediately agreed. In fact, we agreed to all of Senator McCain's and Senator Feingold's provisions and their changes. And I have been representing to my colleagues for over a week now we were almost there.  I was hoping we would be able to end this debate with everybody feeling good about the situation, but I must say I am not sure I have been dealt with in good faith, having worked onthis now for 3 weeks, and every time I am told we are almost there, we are never there.  So I think the majority leader is correct. That is where we seem to be. But I am going to say, I am astounded. This is my 18th year in the Senate. I have been involved in a lot of negotiations--never one so painful over so little: six rather small items.  So I do think we are going to wrap this bill up tomorrow. It is too bad we will not, apparently, be able to pass a technical package that would benefit both sides because of our inability to bring this to conclusion.  But I say to the leader, as I have said repeatedly over the last week, we are anxious on this side, those of us who oppose this bill, to complete it. And, hopefully, we can wrap it up tomorrow, not only the cloture vote but final passage, and the resolution that I believe we have agreed upon, which is separate from the technical amendments. It is really regretful that we negotiate for 3 weeks over relatively small items and cannot seem to get there.  So let me say to the leader, we look forward to wrapping this bill up tomorrow--we know it is essentially over--and hope we can do it in a minimal amount of time.  