 President, I believe the Senator from Texas is on the way. He is not here yet, so I will go ahead with my closing remarks.  Let me describe again what the McConnell amendment does. It is really quite simple. I think the first thing to remember is that it doesn't change in any way the Leahy proposal. It doesn't change in any way the Sarbanes proposal. It does not alter either of those. This is an addition to the underlying Sarbanes bill, and to the Leahy amendment, which I assume is going to be adopted sometime today. This doesn't in any way detract from the efforts underway to get greater accountability in corporate America.  The McConnell amendment is about adding to that union accountability so that rank-and-file union members can be assured--just as shareholders will now be assured in the underlying bill--that independent audits are being done. They can be assured that there will be civil penalties for violating these new auditing standards. They will be further assured by the fact that the president and the secretary-treasurers of the unions will have to certify as to the accuracy of the financial reports for unions just as we are requiring that for corporate CEOs and CFOs for publicly traded corporations.  We are simply completing the circle of protection for Americans, whether they be investors in corporations or union members whose dues are being paid every payday and who have a right to expect that those funds are going to be treated carefully and correctly.  It has been suggested--I expect it will be suggested again--that this is going to be expensive for the unions. My amendment has been carefully crafted to ensure that it does not impose any egregious new costs, especially on labor. And it only applies to unions with annual receipts over $200,000.  Why did I pick that number for unions that already file financial information with the Department of Labor? They are already having to file. This amendment simply requires that labor organizations with over $200,000 in annual receipts incur the incremental costs of running their financial statement and pass an independent audit, and abide by generally accepted accounting principles. This is a cost borne by any public company with as little as $1 million in total assets.  The additional costs here only apply to the larger unions that already have to file with the Department of Labor in any event.  I want to say again that this is the union corruption update. This massive stack is just for the first half of 2002. There are numerous examples of the problems about which I have been talking. This stack here represents just the first half of 2002.  Some will suggest that the examples I have given show how well DOL is catching and prosecuting union fraud. Unfortunately, that is not the case. The Department of Labor auditing of unions accounts for just 9 percent of all embezzlement cases. The other 91 percent of embezzlement comes from other sources. Without a required audit, union officials do not have to contend with the threat of an annual independent audit hanging over their heads.  The stories speak for themselves. Union corruption is rampant. It is absolutely rampant on the local, national, and pension fund levels all across our country. In the last 2 years, there has been a union embezzlement or closely related case in 40 out of our 50 States. This is a huge problem.  With regard to the financial information already required to be filed, it is not verified by an independent auditor. The current union filings are not verified by an independent auditor. The independent audits required in the McConnell amendment will help verify that the information is indeed accurate. Unions in many instances have not been complying with the filing requirement.  