 President, in the context of human history, it was not so long ago that the mere concept of having the right to vote was scarcely imaginable for most people. Even in America, the world's greatest democracy, half our citizenry was denied the right to vote until the 19th amendment was ratified early in the 20th century.  At the outset of the 21st century, we still have work to do to ensure that all Americans who are eligible to vote, who have the right to vote, do indeed have their votes counted on election day--counted, I hasten to add, within an election system in which the integrity of the process is not in question, so voters can know their right to vote is not diminished through fraud committed by others, nor diminished through error, poor procedures, or faulty equipment.  This is the mission that Senator Dodd, Senator Bond, Senator  Schumer, Senator Torricelli, and I tasked ourselves with in crafting the bipartisan legislation before the Senate today. We sought to make American election systems more accurate, more accessible, and more honest. And we worked to achieve these ambitious goals within the framework of legislation which both sides of the aisle could support and which would not financially crush the states who will be changed with its implementation.  None of us got everything we wanted in this bill, not even close. There are things in this bill that one or more of us are not big fans of. But that was the price for putting this bipartisan bill together.  The Dodd-McConnell bill is a comprehensive compromise. In other words, it is a target-rich environment for amendments--legitimate, germane, relevant, even laudable efforts to make the bill better, or worse, depending on one's perspective. I myself could easily come up with a couple dozen amendments. My staff already has, just in case. If the Senate passed them all we would, in my view, have crafted the perfect election reform bill.  Regrettably, we all have different notions of what comprises perfection in this realm. So in the interest of advancing a pretty darn good election reform bill, I will not be offering my two dozen meticulously-crafted, well-intentioned amendments to make the bill absolutely perfect.  Senator Bond, who has done tremendous work in making sure that the effort to make voting easier is balanced with provisions to make vote fraud harder, could certainly offer up some excellent amendments to go further in that direction. I think the Senate should do more to reduce vote fraud but, realistically, we are not going to get everything we want in that regard through this Senate. The Dodd-McConnell bill does a lot which is worthwhile, overdue and, significantly, is doable.  This quest for election reform has its roots in the photofinish 2000 presidential election that culminated in the protracted battle over Florida's electoral votes. While that saga was playing out, some of us in the Senate began formulating reform legislation to make a recurrence less likely in the future and to make improvements in the system that election officials in the states have long known needed to be made but for a variety of reasons, primiarly financial, were not done. Over a year ago, Senator Torricelli and I proposed a comprehensive election reform bill. Last May, Senator Torricelli and I joined with Senator Schumer to put together yet another bill. The McConnell-Schumer-Torricelli bill garnered even more bipartisan support with a remarkable cosponsorship list of 71 cosponsors, a solid roster fairly even between Republicans and Democrats. Senator Dodd, meanwhile, headed up an effort that had much in common with the McConnell-Schumer-Torricelli approach, but was distinct in important ways, and gathered all the Democrats behind it. Between our bills and others introduced in the past year, we come into this floor debate with over 90 Senators having cosponsored some version of election reform. That is a ringing, approaching unanimous, endorsement for serious election reform.  All of my colleagues who have worked to advance election reform and get us to this point deserve thanks. Most especially, Senator Dodd, the Chairman of the Rules Committee, whose dogged determination to put together a consensus these past few months has paid off. He was so focused in pursuit of a bill that as the weeks were going by in December without an agreement, it occurred to me that he would never let up and I might have to spend Christmas around his conference table. Fortunately, there is a Santa Claus and his present to me was a ticket home to Kentucky for Christmas, a bipartisan election reform bill in the can, and Chris Dodd off my back. I say that, of course, with humor and only the greatest respect for the chairman's tireless effort.  The Dodd-McConnell bill is legislation that the entire Senate can be proud of supporting, and pass knowing that it would significantly improve America's election systems. Americans should also take note that the chairman is a champion in promoting accessibility in elections, a real hero to America's disabled community for whom the right to vote can be difficult to exercise. This bill reflects his commitment in this respect as well. The Dodd-McConnell bill before the Senate incorporates three key principles contained within the original McConnell-Torricelli bill put together over a year ago.  No. 1, Respect for the primary role of the States and localities in election administration. The Constitution's 10th amendment too often get short-shrift around here, but we tried mightily in this compromise to respect it. I will say this bill treads more than I would like on state prerogative but it does so a good deal less than with some of the interest groups out there would like and which some other bills have proposed.  No. 2, Establishment of an independent, bipartisan commission--comprised of two Democrats and two Republicans appointed by the President--to provide ongoing election assistance to the states, in the form of grants and as a clearinghouse for information on new technologies and effective election procedures.  The point to this, in my view, was to have one place in the country, a repository of objective advice, where State and local officials, who are constantly confronted by vendors trying to sell them one election system or another, could go for objective advice. Nobody is selling anything at this commission--just giving objective advice about what kind of upgrade, if any, is necessary to improve the election system in a particular State.  As Chairman Dodd can attest, I fervently believe that for long-term reform of election systems, we need a permanent repository for the best, unbiased, objective information that states can tap into the future. At present, the typical county-level or State official is besieged by commercial vendors who want to sell their product, balloting machines and the other implements of election administration. The new commission in the Dodd-McConnell bill will provide objective, state-of-the-art information that can be weighed against whatever sales pitch is coming from vendors.  No. 3, Strong anti-fraud provisions to clean-up voter rolls and ensure integrity in American elections.  We want eligible people to vote. Dogs, cats and cadavers are making far too many appearances in American elections, even though a constitutional amendment giving them a right to vote has not been enacted.  As good as the Dodd-McConnell bill is, and as high as my hopes are that it will result in much better election systems in America, we should temper somewhat the expectations it may raise. We cannot legislate perfection in this arena. Voters are imperfect people whose ballots are counted by imperfect people and tabulated by machines created and maintained by imperfect people. If in the future another presidential election comes down to the wire, with an electorate comprised of hundreds of millions of people virtually evenly split in their candidate preference, then there could well be some controversy in arriving at a conclusion.  In the meantime, the Dodd-McConnell bill would go a long way in makingelections better, more accessible, more accurate and more honest. And it would prevent some of the chaos in close, competitive elections. If we can do that, I would call that a pretty good day's work in the Senate.  Again, I compliment Chairman Dodd for his persistence in getting us to the point we are, and I thank particularly Senator Bond, Senator Schumer, and Senator Torricelli.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support the compromise amendment in the nature of a substitute to S. 565, the Equal Protection of Voting Rights Act of 2001. I am proud to join Senators Dodd, McConnell, Schumer, Bond, and Torricelli in co-sponsoring this historic piece of legislation designed to improve our Nation's voting practices and procedures. I am glad that we are addressing this issue now, and hope that legislation is enacted soon. In many states, voters will go to the polls this year using much of the same equipment as was used in 2000, which will result in many of the same problems. Our purpose here today is to prevent the problems of the Year 2000 election from occurring in the future.  While we all remember the ``butterfly ballots'' and ``hanging chads'' of Florida, we must also consider the facts that show the problems of Election 2000 were nationwide. In Chicago and Cook County, Illinois, nearly 123,000 presidential votes went uncounted, and in Fulton County, Georgia, one of every 16 ballots for president was invalidated. The General Accounting Office found that 57 percent of jurisdictions nationwide had major problems in Election 2000. The MIT/Caltech Voting Project estimates that 4 to 6 million votes were lost. During two hearings by the Senate Commerce Committee, our witnesses testified that many of these problems were caused by outdated and inaccurate lever and punch card voting machines, distinct inadequacies in poll worker and voter education, and confusion over election administration and voting registration procedures. I believe that the mandatory standards and federal grant programs found in the compromise amendment I am cosponsoring will play an important role in resolving these problems in the future.  However, I am concerned that this bill will not address the concerns of disabled voters, who time and again confront physical barriers when they attempt to vote. Disabled voters should not be forced to bring their own ramps to polling places, go through alternative entrances, and put up with numerous other barriers and humiliations when they attempt to vote. According to a 2001 General Accounting Office report, 84 percent of all polling places in the contiguous United States have one or more potential impediments to disabled voters. While many of these polling places use curbside voting, many disabled voters complain that curbside voting infringes on their privacy, when they cast a ballot. So instead of voting, many disabled Americans simply stay home. According to the National Organization on Disability, 21 million voting age citizens with disabilities did not vote. President Alan Reich of the National Organization on Disability summed it up best, when he stated that ``there is great irony that a person in a wheelchair can't get into some polling places, whereas a person using a guide dog can get inside, only to find out there is no accessible voting machine.'' I intend to offer a minor technical amendment to this legislation that I hope will resolve many of these concerns. I urge my colleagues to join me in addressing this issue.  I look forward to working with my colleagues on this historic legislation. This legislation should be addressed in a timely manner by the Senate, and I hope that the conference with the House can also be resolved soon, so that we can send a bill to the President for his signature. I am afraid that it is already too late to do much to help voters for the 2002 election, but we can and must make sure that the problems of Election 2000 are not repeated in 2004.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  