 President, yesterday's terror attack in the MiddleEast is tragic and heartbreaking. A car packed with explosives and driven by a Palestinian terrorist blew up next to a bus near the town of Afula in northern Israel, killing at least 17 people and wounding dozens more.  This act of terrorism came on the 35th anniversary of the 1967 Mideast War.  The Palestinian terrorist group ``Islamic Jihad'' claimed responsibility for the attack, which occurred during CIA Director George Tenet's trip to the region. It is clear that extremists are actively undermining any prospects for peace with Israel.  PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat--by virtue of his inability to reign-in extremists and terrorists--is becoming increasingly irrelevant in the peace process. It is time for Arafat to lead the Palestinians to peace, or to pass the mantle to someone who will.  The amendment I offer will allow Israel to use the funds appropriated in the supplemental bill in the most targeted and effective manner to counter terrorism that is claiming innocent lives and destroying prospects for peace in that region.  As this aid is provided through the Economic Support Fund (ESF) account, its use is restricted in a manner that does not address our ally's most pressing counterterrorism needs--non-lethal equipment vital to defending civilian populations from terrorist attacks.  Section 531(e) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 expressly prohibits the use of ESF funds for ``military or paramilitary purposes''. I do not believe that it is the intention of the Senate to hamstring the ability of Israel authorities to counter the clear and ever-present danger posed to Israeli civilians by homicide bombers.  My amendment provides for the transfer of ESF funds for Israel in this bill to the ``Nonproliferation, Anti-Terrorism, Demining and Related Programs'' account, which will allow for the purchase of non-lethal equipment that will contribute to countering acts of terrorism against the Israeli people. This includes bomb detection, x-ray, and personnel protection equipment, among other essential items.  Let me be clear that the defensive nature of the assistance provided to Israel in this supplemental bill is unchanged by my amendment, as is the overall amount provided for counterterrorism programs and activities.  Mr. President, Americans understand the devastation caused by extremists bent on waging jihad against the world's democracies. We know the pain of surprise attacks, and the collective suffering of a nation following the slaughter of innocent civilians.  During these difficult times, the people of Israel should know that they do not stand alone. We have a common enemy in terrorism. And we will fight--and win--as many battles as it takes to protect the freedom and democracy both the American and Israeli people enjoy.  Mr. President, I hope my colleagues will join me in keeping in our thoughts and prayers the victims and their families of this latest terrorist attack.  