 President, I echo the remarks of my good friend from Connecticut. Election reform had the potential of being an intensely partisan issue. While we know that may still develop, let me say we have had all of those discussions over the last 6 months in our negotiating process, and we have now come together with the hope we will be able to go forward in a totally bipartisan way to improve the election system in this country.  As the Senator from Connecticut, who has provided outstanding leadership on this issue, has indicated, we have dealt with the fraud issue, which is important to a lot of people on this side of the aisle. No one has been a more forceful advocate for removing barriers for the disabled to exercise the franchise. Senator Dodd carried that ball very effectively in our negotiations.  I thought we needed a permanent repository for this kind of expertise, so we set up a commission with Presidential appointees equally divided between Republicans and Democrats. It would be the one place in America that States and localities could go for objective advice, not somebody knocking on the door trying to sell them a particular system but objective advice about the best way to meet their particular election needs.  We did not wipe out any particular election system in America. We did not mandate the use of any particular election system. We did provide some real money that would be dispensed on a matching fund basis by this Presidential commission to those who were interested in upgrading their system.  I think we have come forward with a good bill, and I thank my friend from Connecticut for his leadership on this subject. I have been happy to join with him on it. If and when we do go to this--and we think it will be early in the session--we would encourage people to offer amendments that are related to the subject. We think this is a bill that needs to move along, not be bogged down in extraneous matters unrelated to the subject.  Again, I thank the Senator from Connecticut. I look forward to working with him. We are ready to go whenever the leaders decide this is the subject matter before us.  I yield the floor.  