 Obviously, it is not his view that this is in any way inappropriate for this legislation.  I also say to my good friend from Wyoming, this will not slow down the bill. This amendment will be voted on at 12:45. There is a time agreement on it. We certainly are not in any way trying to slow down the passage of the underlying bill which I fully expect to support.  The issue is whether we are only interested in corporate defense counsel misbehavior. Why are we only interested in corporate defense counsel misbehavior? My amendment applies to the other side, the plaintiff's side. It would apply to cases, for example, brought under the Federal Employers Liability Act, which governs injury and wrongful death actions against railroads in interstate commerce by railroad workers and their families. It would apply to cases brought under the Longshore and Harbor Workers Compensation Act, which establishes no-fault compensation for employees injured on navigable rivers. And it would apply to plaintiffs bringing action under the Price Anderson Act amendments of 1998, which creates a Federal cause of action for nuclear accidents. It would also apply to the Federal Tort Claims Act, which creates Federal causes of action for tort claims against the U.S. Government. It would apply to lawyers representing clients bringing cases under the Public Health Service Act, which are suits against certain federally supported health centers and their employees brought under the Federal Tort Claims Act. And finally, it would apply to lawyers representing clients bringing actions under part of Federal law, very important in my State, the Black Lung Benefits Act of 1972, which establishes a compensation scheme for coal miners allegedly suffering from blank lung disease and survivors of miners who died from or were totally disabled by the disease.  Let me sum it up again: it is not my intent to slow the bill down. This amendment will be voted on at 12:45, so it clearly is not slowing anything down. It seems to me entirely consistent with the underlying amendment dealing with corporate defense counsel misbehavior to also address the question of a plaintiff's lawyer's misbehavior.  Beyond that, we are talking simply about providing consumers of legal services with basic information, at the beginning, during, and at the end of a lawsuit, and a modest 45-day bereavement rule giving the victims and their families a chance to get back on their feet before they are contacted by lawyers seeking to represent them in court. It would not in any way prevent families from contacting a lawyer during that time but would protect them from unwarranted solicitation of legal services for a mere 45 days.  This is a very modest proposal. I would love to go a lot further. I like the fee caps in the Federal Tort Claims Act. That is not what we have offered. That is not what I offered. There is no impact on fees, no caps on damages. This is strictly consumer protection in the area of legal services. It is a very modest proposal which I hope the Senate will adopt when we vote on it at 12:45.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  