 President, with all due respect to my colleague from Nevada, this is an issue for the States, not the Federal Government. Voter qualification is generally a power the Constitution leaves within the prerogative of the States. The Constitution grants States broad power to determine voter qualification. It is highly doubtful that Congress has constitutional authority to pass legislation preempting the states with regard to this issue.  The Ford/Carter Commission agrees with this assessment. The Commission concluded, ``we doubt that Congress has the constitutional power to legislate a federal prescription'' on States prohibiting felons from voting.  In 1974 the Supreme Court held that convicted felons do not have a fundamental right to vote, and that excluding convicted felons from voting does not violate the Constitution. Federal courts have consistently dismissed lawsuits aimed at letting prisoners vote. One court even concluded that the facial validity of felon voting restrictions may be ``absolute.''  Only two States do not impose restrictions on the voting rights of felons. In fourteen States, felons convicted of a crime may lose the right to vote for life. Congress should not interpose itself between the States and their people. As the Ford/Carter Commission said in their report:       [W]e believe the question of whether felons should lose      their right to vote is one that requires a moral judgement by      the citizens of each state.  This proposed amendment frankly, should fail on the merits. When a person is convicted of a felony, that person should lose their right to vote. Convicted felons have been denied various privileges granted to other citizens going all the way back to ancient Rome and Greece.  Voting is a privilege; a privilege properly exercised at the voting booth, not from a prison cell. States have a significant interest in reserving the vote for those who have abided by the social contract that forms the foundation of a representative democracy. We are talking about rapists, murderers, robbers, and even terrorists or spies. Do we want to see convicted terrorists who seek to destroy this country voting in elections? Do we want to see convicted spies who cause great damage to this country voting in elections? Do we want to see ``jailhouse blocs'' banding together to oust sheriffs and government officials who are tough on crime?  Those who break our laws should not have a voice in electing those who make and enforce our laws. Those who break our laws should not dilute the vote of law-abiding citizens. Fundamentally, Mr. President, as a former Governor yourself, this is a decision made in each State by the Governor, as to whether or not to restore the rights of convicted felons. But in any event, it seems to me a Federal prescription in this area, just as the Ford/Carter Commission concluded, is not appropriate. So I hope we will not seek to preempt this area of State law in the course of our action on election reform legislation.  Mr. President, I know also Senator Sessions wishes to speak on this issue. I think he will be here shortly. I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  