 President, regretfully, this bill is going to pass and, in all likelihood, be signed by the President. I say ``regretfully'' because, for those who wanted to reduce the amount of money in politics, this certainly will not do that. Not even close. It will dramatically take money away from the parties and then shift it to outside groups. The reason we know how much soft money the parties raise is because it is disclosed. But we will not know how much is given to the outside groups and who gives it because it is not disclosed. After this bill passes, outside groups will continue to raise unlimited amounts of soft money from all sources. In fact, Members of Congress will be able to raise unlimited amounts of soft money for those groups. It will be completely legal, and permitted by this legislation.  We could have dealt with the issue of corruption, or the appearance of corruption--and I have to say ``appearance'' because there has been no evidence whatsoever of actual corruption--we could have dealt with an appearance problem by capping soft money, just as we capped hard money 25 years ago. That would have allowed the six national party committees to still be national committees, to still be able to support State and local candidates with non-Federal dollars. But, no, we decided to completely eliminate nonfederal money to the parties only--certainly a step not required to deal with the alleged appearance of corruption.  So, first, this bill will greatly weaken the parties and shift those resources to outside groups that will continue to engage in issue advocacy, as they have a constitutional right to do, with unlimited and undisclosed soft money.  Ironically, the bill allows Members of Congress to raise that unlimited soft money for outside groups but not political parties. We are now able to do more for outside groups than we are able to do for our own political parties.  Secondly, the bill seeks to impose a gag order on groups that have the audacity to mention people like us within 60 days of an election, by saying they have to go to the Federal Government--to register with the Federal Election Commission--and raise hard dollars just so they can mention candidates like us within 60 days of an election.  For those two reasons, and for many more, I urge colleagues to vote no on final passage.  I yield the floor.  