 There are essentially two parts to it. First, it would require that lawyers provide to their clients all along the way, from initially being retained until the conclusion of the case, adequate consumer protection information so the clients will have a sense at every stage of the case how the case is moving along, what the likelihood of success is and, very importantly, what kind of costs the client may be incurring in the course of the litigation.  Secondly, we provide for a bereavement rule of 45 days to give the victims and their families an opportunity to get back on their feet during an atmosphere in which unsolicited efforts to retain these victims are put off. If, however, the family at any point during that 45-day period decides it is ready to move on and wants to look at its legal options, there is nothing in the amendment that would prevent the victim or victim's families from retaining a lawyer at any time. All this does is protect them from unwanted solicitations for a brief period of 45 days following the occurrence of the event.  As I pointed out, there is already precedent in Federal law for such a bereavement period of 45 days. That applies in the wake of airline disasters.  Finally, let me repeat this because I know this is something that is offensive to many Members of the Senate, particularly on the other side of the aisle. As much as I would like to see fee caps established, this amendment has no fee caps in it. Even though, under the Federal Tort Claims Act, since the late 1940s, we have had a fee cap of 25 percent in tort actions against the Federal Government, no such fee cap is in this amendment.  So I think this is a modest proposal to provide consumer protection to victims of accidents as they contemplate their futures and determine, first, which lawyer to hire, and after hiring the lawyer, have adequate information along the way to make sure they understand what the fee arrangement is.  I yield the floor and retain the remainder of my time and now urge--and I will also do so later--the Senate to adopt this amendment.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Clinton). Who yields time?  