 President, I want to add to what the distinguished Republican leader has said. I have been in the Senate 18 years. This is the best witness I have ever heard, not just for a judicial nomination but for anything--an absolutely brilliant judge. She would have been confirmed had she been reported to the Senate, even without a positive recommendation.  I say to my friend, the leader, I worry about where we are, as well. I think we have crossed some kind of threshold here from which it is going to be very difficult to retreat from in the coming years.  I say to my friends on the other side of the aisle, we are not going to always be in the minority, and they may have a President again, as regretful as that might be to some of us, and the shoe could be on the other foot. Do we really want to establish this kind of standard, that we are prepared to vote down extraordinarily well qualified judges, who may be liberal or conservative, simply because we are of the other persuasion?  I think it is a low point in the recent history of the Senate. And I am not sure where we go from here. But I do not believe I will ever view these nominations quite the same way as I did in the past.  I can say this: I would like to have a lot of my votes back, going back over the last 8 years--Ginsburg, Breyer--scores of nominees for the circuit and district benches who I knew were far to the left of me, but I believed it was the President's prerogative. The Democrats won the election. It was the President's prerogative. And short of some kind of egregious failure to meet up to professional standards, it was not my place to impose my view on the nominee.  So I think it was a sad day in the history of the Senate. I agree with everything the Republican leader has had to say about this most unfortunate episode. I hope the President will not withdraw this nomination and will send it up again next year, and hopefully we will have a Senate with a little more of an open mind to this truly outstanding nominee.  