  Mr. President, I commend the former chairman of our committee, Senator Hatch, and Senator Specter for their observations about the dilemma in which we find ourselves. Senator Specter and Senator Hatch both received a good deal of criticism from a number of Members on this side of the aisle for moving too many Democratic judges during the period when President Clinton was in the White House and the Republicans were in the majority in the Senate. We should listen to them when they engage in this debate.  Senator Specter, in particular, was very sympathetic to moving Democratic nominees out of committee and has offered today to discuss a resolution he is going to submit that I think provides a solid bipartisan way to begin to resolve this dilemma in which we find ourselves.  I say to Senator Leahy, the chairman of the committee, he has been totally fair with us in Kentucky in dealing with our district judges. We had three vacancies in the Eastern District, all of which have been filled. So we certainly have no complaint on that score.  I do want to say something about the Sixth Circuit. The Sixth Circuit is made up of Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky, and Tennessee. It is currently 50 percent vacant. It basically cannot function. It is not because President Bush has failed to act. He has nominated seven individuals for those eight positions, and they have been nominated for quite some time: John Rogers from my State was nominated 93 days ago; Henry Saad, Susan Neilsen, and David McKeague were nominated 134 days ago; Julia Gibbons was nominated 164 days ago; and Jeffrey Sutton and Deborah Cook were nominated an incredible 317 days ago with no hearings on any of these nominees.  Finally, in terms of the Senate as an institution, we cannot function this way. This is simply not acceptable. I think the voters have a right to expect us to do our work. If we are going to come anywhere close to treating President Bush as President Clinton and President Reagan were treated, we are going to have to start having hearings and votes on nominees for these circuit court vacancies.  I know this is a difficult matter. I know it has become increasingly politically charged in the years I have been in the Senate and that both sides have contributed to it. If we are not going to stop that now, then when? This is a good time to sit down in a bipartisan fashion and figure out how we can do what is in the best interest of the country because whether people on the other side like it or not, President Bush is there. He is going to be there for another 3 years for sure. We need to deal with these vacancies at the circuit court level.  I am in strong support of the Lott resolution to ensure the fair treatment of President Bush's judicial nominees.  As the resolution lays out, the situation with judicial vacancies has gotten remarkably worse since President Clinton left office. There were 67 vacancies when President Clinton left office. This vacancy situation has now jumped to 95 vacancies. Thus the percentage of vacancies has climbed from 7.9 percent to 11 percent.  It is a sorry state indeed, when Federal judges are retiring at a faster rate than we can replace them. This vacancy situation is particularly acute on the circuit courts, where, as the resolution notes, 31 of the 96 vacancies exist. This is an astounding 17.3 percent vacancy rates for the courts of appeals--almost one seat out of every five being empty.  As the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee said, my own circuit--the sixth--covering Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky, and Tennessee, is the worse off of all the circuits. Fully one-half of the appellate judgeships on the sixth circuit are vacant. Think of that. Every other seat on the Federal circuit that hears appeals from my constituents is empty. That is alarming.  Now, my friend the chairman--and he is my friend--knows how warmly I feel about him for his handling of the district court vacancies in my home State.  But I must confess, I am at a loss, and am becoming increasingly exasperated, at the inability or outright refusal--at this point, I don't know which--to confirm some judges to my home circuit.  Let me be clear. This is not the President's fault. He has nominated individuals to fill seven of the eight seats on the sixth circuit. Yet none--I repeat none--has even gotten so much as a hearing, even though all of the paperwork of these nominees is complete.  As I said, these individuals have been before the Senate for quite some time:  John Rogers was nominated 93 days ago;  Henry Saad, Susan Neilson, and David McKeague were nominated 134 days ago;  Julia Gibbons was nominated 164 days ago; and  Jeffrey Sutton and Deborah Cook were nominated an incredible 317 days ago.  Back home in Kentucky, if you don't do your job for 10 months, you are probably out looking for work. I think the American people ought to remember that come election time, when they are thinking about who should run the Senate.  On behalf of my constituents, I urge the chairman to take at least some action--some action--and try to get at least a few of these judges confirmed before the end of the year.  To do that, we are going to have to pick up the pace considerably. We hear about how poorly President Clinton was treated--even though he got close to 400 judges and finished in second place all time, only 5 behind President Reagan.  But to equal the number of judges President Clinton got confirmed in his first term, we're going to have to confirm 87 or so judges before the end of the 107th Congress. And to reach that parity, we're going to have to have hearings, markups, and votes on over four judges per week.  We can't just have a nomination hearing for a single circuit court nominee every other week. We can't have a confirmation hearing one week--with maybe one circuit court nominee at best--and a markup the next week. We need to get on a regular pace of having hearings, markups, and floor votes every week for a reasonable number of judges, including circuit judges.  In sum, because the vacancy situation is deteriorating by the day, I am compelled to urge the adoption of the Lott resolution.  I thank the Senator from New York for his indulgence in allowing me to go ahead of him.  I yield the floor.  