 I had the Congressional Research Service look into this, and their research showed this is clearly not the case. This Congress's treatment of President Bush's judicial nominees compares quite poorly, at all stages of the confirmation process, with the treatment that prior Congresses afforded the judicial nominees of President Bush's four predecessors during their first Congress.  It has done a poor job with respect to confirming both district and appellate court nominees, but it has been particularly bad with regard to circuit court nominees, which is what I am going to talk about tonight.  From Jimmy Carter through Bill Clinton, over 90 percent of the circuit court nominees received a Judiciary Committee hearing during the President's first Congress. This is illustrated by this chart. During President Carter's term, 100 percent of his circuit court nominees received a hearing during his first Congress. Under President Reagan, 95 percent--19 out of 20 circuit court nominees--received a hearing during his first Congress. Under the first President Bush, 95.7 percent of his nominees for the circuit courts--22 out of 23--received a hearing during the first Bush's Presidency. During President Clinton's first Congress, 91 percent, or 20 of 22 circuit court nominees received a hearing during the first Congress.  Now we are in the second session of the first Congress under President George W. Bush, and only 10 of 29 circuit court nominees have even received a hearing, for a percentage of 34.5 percent.  What is going on here in the Senate with regard to even giving a hearing to circuit court judicial nominees is simply without precedent.  No President has been treated so poorly in recent memory--not even a hearing. Ten of the 29 circuit court nominees of President George W. Bush have not even received a hearing. By contrast, only about one-third of President Bush's circuit court nominees have received a hearing.  With respect to receiving a Judiciary Committee vote, looking at it a different way, from Jimmy Carter through Bill Clinton at least 86 percent of circuit court nominees received a Judiciary Committee vote.  During President Carter's first Congress, 100 percent of his nominees for the circuit court received a vote in committee.  During President Reagan's first Congress, 95 percent of his circuit court nominees--19 out of 20--received a vote of the committee.  During the first President Bush's first Congress, 22 of 23 received a committee vote. That is 95.7 percent.  During President Bill Clinton's first Congress, 86.4 percent of his circuit court nominees--19 out of 22--received a Judiciary Committee vote during his first 2 years. Of course, those were years during which his party also controlled the Senate.  During the first 2 years of President George W. Bush, only 27.6 percent--or 8 out of 29--of the nominees for circuit courts received a Judiciary Committee vote--very shabby treatment and certainly unprecedented in recent times.  With respect to Senate floor votes, at least 86 percent of circuit court nominees from the administration of President Jimmy Carter through President Bill Clinton got a full Senate vote.  Looking at President Carter's first 2 years, 100 percent of his nominees for the circuit court received a Senate vote.  Looking at President Reagan's first 2 years, 95 percent of his nominees received a Senate vote.  Looking at the first President Bush circuit court nominees during the first 2 years, 95.7--or 22 out of 23--got a full Senate vote. Of course, that was when the Senate was controlled by the opposition party under the first President Bush.  President Clinton in his first 2 years in office, 86.4 percent--or 19 out of 22--of the circuit court nominees got a full Senate vote. Of course that was during a period where President Clinton's own party controlled the Senate.  Looking at the first 2 years of President George W. Bush, to this point,only 24.1 percent of the nominees to the circuit courts have received a full Senate vote--only 7 of 29.  This is really unprecedented, shabby treatment of President Bush's circuit court nominees.  The final chart shows comprehensively how poorly we are doing right now at all stages of the process in moving circuit court nominees.  Looking at it in terms of hearings, committee votes, or full Senate votes, during a President's first 2 years in office, the picture tells the story.  Under President Carter, 100 percent received both a hearing, a committee vote, and a full Senate vote during his first 2 years.  During President Reagan, 95 percent of his nominees received a hearing, a committee vote, and a full Senate vote.  The first President Bush, 95.7 percent of his nominees got all three--a hearing, a committee vote, and a full Senate vote.  President Clinton: 91 percent of his nominees in his first 2 years--again, remembering that President Clinton's party controlled the Senate his first 2 years--91 percent received a hearing in committee, and 86.4 percent received a vote both in committee and in the full Senate.  Then, looking at President George W. Bush, only 34.5 percent of his nominees for circuit court--a mere 10 out of 29--have even been given a hearing in committee, only 27.6 percent have been given votes in committee, and only 24 percent--a mere 7 out of 29--have been given votes in the full Senate.  This is a very poor record that I think begins to become a national issue. At the rate this is going, I think it will be discussed all across our country in the course of the Senate elections this fall.  It is pretty clear that we are not doing a very good job of filling vacancies, particularly the 19 percent of vacancies that exist at the circuit court level, and 50 percent of the vacancies that exist in my own State of Kentucky.  We did have a markup for a lone circuit court nominee this morning, and we had a confirmation hearing this afternoon for another lone circuit court nominee. I suppose that is a step in the right direction. Some progress is certainly, of course, better than none. But if we are going to address the major vacancy problem on the appellate courts, we must have more than one circuit court nominee per confirmation hearing, and we must have more than one circuit court nominee at a markup.  Furthermore, we are going to have to have regular hearings and regular markups for circuit court nominees. Before today, for example, it had been 4 weeks since we had a markup. Thus, in the 2 weeks prior to recess, we had only one markup with only one circuit court nominee on the agenda. And that nominee was, in fact, defeated on a party-line vote. When Senator Hatch was chairman, 10 times he held hearings with more than one circuit court nominee on the agenda. With the circuit court vacancy rate approaching 20 percent, this is something we should be doing now as well.  In sum, we need to do a better job in the confirmation process, particularly with respect to circuit court nominees.  These historical precedents give us a reasonable goal to which to aspire, and we need to redouble our efforts to meet past practices.  I might say in closing that we have a particular crisis in the Sixth Judicial Circuit, which includes the States of Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky, and Tennessee. The Sixth Circuit is 50-percent vacant. Eight out of 16 seats are not filled--not because there haven't been nominations. Seven of the eight nominations are before the Senate Judiciary Committee. A couple of them have been there for almost a year. No hearings have been held. We have a judicial emergency in the Sixth Circuit.  I think this needs to be talked about. Regretfully, our record is quite sorry. We have some months left to be in session. Hopefully, this will improve as the weeks roll along.  Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  