 President, the resolution authorizing the use of force against Iraq is before us.  We are being asked to decide some fundamental questions about the world in which we live. But more significantly, we are being asked to decide what kind of world we choose for our children.  Essentially, the question is this: Is the world going to be safer today, tomorrow and in the years ahead if the United States leads an effort to rid the world of not only Iraqi weapons of mass destruction, but of a ruthless terrorist-supporting despot as well?  Here is what we have learned.  There is agreement that Saddam Hussein is amassing weapons of mass destruction--chemical, biological, and even nuclear--but some continue to naively believe that diplomatic initiatives and weapon inspections must be given a chance to succeed. There is consensus that Iraq is a state sponsor of terrorism, but some believe that America should not act alone against Iraq and that an attack on Iraq will detract from our ongoing pursuit of al-Qaida. There is concurrence that Saddam Hussein is a mass murderer of Iraqi, Kurdish, Kuwaiti and Iranian men, women, and children, but some believe that Iraq poses no immediate threat to the American people or those in Saddam's backyard, including our allies.  My views on this issue could not be more clear: Our Commander in Chief has requested the authority to use force against Iraq to ``defend the national security of the United States against the continuing threat posed by Iraq'' and Congress must authorize it and must do so now.  Nine days after the al-Qaida attacks on our soil, President Bush promised Congress and the world that America would bring the war on terrorism to the terrorists wherever they may hide. He intends to do just that in Iraq. This Congress and our entire nation stood as one with President Bush following the September 11th attacks. A year later, we must continue to stand behind his outstanding leadership in combating terrorism around the globe. This war on terrorism will not end--it must not end--until terrorists and their supporters are destroyed.  Let me say to my colleagues who suggest that diplomatic initiatives and weapon inspections can prevent the coming conflict with Iraq to look at recent history. Saddam Hussein has violated each and every one of the 16 U.N. Security Council Resolutions pertaining to Iraq. His armed forces continue to fire on American and coalition aircraft in the no-fly zone. Al-Qaida terrorists continue to leave footprints on Iraqi soil. And Saddam Hussein and his henchmen continue to make billions of dollars by exploiting the U.N.'s oil for food program and through other illicit activities.  Although the regime recently proved that it can fool some embarrassingly naive visiting American lawmakers into believing its empty assurances of cooperation and compliance, they are not duping this Senator--or the President.  More importantly, the American people will not follow the lead of these modern-day Neville Chamberlains and allow the United States to be played for a fool. For it is only a fool who does not learn from past mistakes, and the world has ten years of Iraqi lies from which to learn. Speaking before the United Nations General Assembly a day after the anniversary of the September 11th attacks, President Bush challenged the United Nations to maintain its relevancy in a world challenged by terror:       Iraq has answered a decade of U.N. demands with a decade of      defiance. . . . [America] will work with the U.N. Security      Council to meet our common challenge. If Iraq's regime defies      us again, the world must move deliberately, decisively to      hold Iraq to account. We will work with the U.N. Security      Council for the necessary resolutions.  The fact is that President Bush is giving the United Nations and the international community a final chance to disarm Saddam Hussein through diplomatic means. But under no illusions of Saddam Hussein's violent and irrational character, the President has made clear that if reason fails, force will prevail. I am reminded of President Franklin Roosevelt insights into Nazi Germany and Adolph Hitler: ``No man can tame a tiger into a kitten by stroking it. There can be no appeasement with ruthlessness. There can be no reasoning with an incendiary bomb.''  Unfortunately, some of my colleagues seem to ignore this indisputable truth--and the fact that America is at war against global terrorists. Former Vice President Al Gore's recent attack on the President for his conduct of the war was ill-timed and ill-advised. A self proclaimed hawk, Mr. Gore alleged in a recent speech that in a single year, President Bush ``squandered the international outpouring of sympathy, goodwill, and solidarity that followed the attacks of September 11th and converted it into anger and apprehension aimed much more at the United States than at the terrorist network. . . . '' This is utter nonsense, and the American people are right to expect more from a former national leader.  Mr. Gore seems to have forgotten that in a single year the Bush administration liberated the people of Afghanistan from oppressive Taliban rule, destroyed and disrupted al-Qaida operations in South Asia and throughout the world, and bolstered homeland defense for the American people. If Mr. Gore belittles the victory in Afghanistan--against what he describes as a ``fifth rate military power''--why was it that his own administration failed to take decisive action to topple the Taliban and al-Qaida? One might surmise that they were too busy ``feeling pain'' to inflict any.  Mr. Gore's characterization of the pre-emptive use of force to prevent terrorist attacks as ``a troubling new element'' of U.S. foreign policy is similarly misguided. In the post-September 11th world, the Bush doctrine of pre-emption makes plain old common sense. Who among us disagrees that terrorists should be destroyed before they have a chance to again bring death and destruction on our family, friends, or neighbors? What do we say to the victims of a terrorist attack that we could have prevented--sorry, but Moscow, Paris, or Beijing objected to pre-emptive action?  The fact is that that America has the right and the responsibility to protect and defend its citizens against terrorism--be it from al Qaida terrorists or weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.  Let me also dispel the myth that military action against Iraq will detract from ongoing operations against al-Qaida. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld testified before Congress last month that ``. . . Iraq is part of the global war on terror. Stopping terrorist regimes from acquiring weapons of mass destruction is a key objective of that war. And we can fight all elements of the global war on terrorism simultaneously.''  We have no choice but to fight these threats simultaneously. Our nation is at war. Given Saddam Hussein's use of chemical and biological weapons against his own people and his neighbors, it is reckless to dismiss the immediacy of the threats posed by his regime to the United States. We already know that he is a mass murderer and that he is armed and dangerous--to treat him otherwise is folly.  Saddam Hussein is also a danger to the region. Those nations reluctant to confront him would be wise to take note of the British Government's assessment that Iraq is capable of deploying chemical and biological weapons within 45 minutes.  With Fort Campbell and the 101st Airborne Division in Kentucky, I understand firsthand what risks are posed to our military personnel by an attack on Iraq. Having fired the opening shots of Operation Desert Storm more than a decade ago, the Screaming Eagles are no strangers to that country. They--and the Special Forces soldiers of the 5th Group and the Night Stalkers of Task Force 160--are professionals, the best of best. America is fortunate to have such dedicated patriots serving on our front lines. We can be secure in the knowledge that if these troops return to the region, they will answer the call with the same determination and dedication as they did in 1991.  Let me conclude by saying that we did not ask for this war on terrorism.But we will fight it and win it--on our terms and conditions.  