 That has already been accomplished. Obviously this provision threatens only one thing the way it is now, fraud. It could mean increased work for those who administer elections, but that is a very small price to pay for fair and honest elections. Make no mistake about it, this amendment is the poison pill of election reform.  The bill is a carefully crafted compromise agreed to by all 5 cosponsors, including the Senator from New York. There has been a lot of misinformation about this anti-fraud provision. It applies only to a small number of voterswho register by mail and vote for the first time. As Senator Bond made clear, this is the prime area of voter fraud.  When we negotiated this compromise in December, none of us thought that it was too much to ask that voters be real, live people.  Senator Bond had a bill that would have required first-time mail registrants to vote in person and show a photo ID. He agreed to compromise on that requirement, to reach the agreement we have before us today. Mail registrants who vote for the first time now have many options to identify themselves. Photo ID is only one of them. A current utility bill, bank statement, government check, paycheck or any other government document would serve the purpose. This very broad universe of identification was advanced and advocated by Senator Schumer and was even suggested by advocacy groups who now claim it must be changed.  The same groups who originally suggested it now want to change it. The very language of this amendment was also suggested by the advocacy groups, notably in a November 6 document sent to ``interested parties.'' We spent well over a month discussing and debating the very language of this amendment. We agreed on the language in our compromise bill instead.  The bill language does not require every voter to show identification, be they rich, poor, disabled, young, or elderly. Let me tell you what the amendment of the Senator from New York would do.  First, not only does it not improve the current system, it could actually make it worse in many States. It creates new and improved opportunities for fraud in States with more restrictive requirements. Second, this could become the most expensive mandate in this bill. Not only will States have to buy new machines and data bases under this bill, but the 34 States that do not have signature verification will have to buy technology to verify signature and marks.  Third and most important, all of the 1.4 million poll workers nationwide will have to become handwriting and personal mark experts. What a great idea. All of the 1.4 million poll workers nationwide will have to become handwriting and personal mark experts. The shortage of poll workers is already a major problem, as reported by GAO. Now they will have to be handwriting experts.  Finally, the poison pill amendment has already been discussed, debated, and dismissed by the cosponsors of this bill. I urge the other 95 Members of this body to support our joint resolution on the issue and vote against this amendment or vote to table it. Senator Bond will make the tabling motion when all time has been yielded back.  