 President, this amendment is being looked at on the other side, and I am optimistic it will be agreed to and thereby hopefully not require a rollcall vote.  Mr. President, we have made progress in the Food Stamp Program during this debate and I rise today to propose two further improvements to that worthwhile program.  President Bush has called for the standard deduction in the Food Stamp Program to reach 10 percent of the poverty level in his new budget proposal. In other words, if the 10-percent deduction were in effect for 2002 a family of four would receive an additional $16 a month.  The present language in the Senate bill does not meet the goal set forth in President Bush's 2003 budget.  I am not asking for increased overall spending levels in the farm bill. The offset to my proposed increase in the Food Stamp Program would come out of a small cut in price supports and loan rates.  I am asking that we consider reductions of less than one cent--less than one cent per bushel--to the price support payments and marketing loan rates in this bill, so that we can continue to address the needs of our Nation's poor and disabled.  We need to complete the task of overhauling the Food Stamp Program's standard income deduction.  The standard income deduction policy affects the eligibility and benefit determination of every food stamp applicant. For the last several years, the standard deduction has been fixed at $134 for every family, regardless of size and regardless of inflation and the fluctuating levels of the national poverty level.  As I mentioned at the outset, we've made some progress on this issue during the farm bill debate. The nutrition title as it now stands adopts the basic policy model recommended by President Bush in his budget and introduced in committee by my colleague Senator Lugar--that is, it links the income deduction for basic family living expenses to annual poverty levels. By doing so, the amount is indexed by family size and reflects annual economic changes.  As the provision is implemented, food stamp benefits increase modestly. The Dorgan-Grassley amendment took the important step of phasing in the proposal more quickly, and I applaud them for that.  I ask, however, that we finish the job and achieve the goal set forth by President Bush to raise the standard deduction to 10 percent of the poverty level in this farm bill. That is precisely what my amendment will do.  Under my amendment, over the next 10 years, there will be an additional $500 million in the hands of needy families with children. That's $50 million more per year.  Let us remember that half the gains from this change would go to low-wage working families. In addition, over 99 percent of the gains would go to families with children.  The second Food Stamp Program change in my amendment would remedy an inconsistency in the rules that apply to the elderly and disabled. It would apply the same assert rule to both populations.  Given the special needs of our elderly and disabled citizens, Program eligibility rules are somewhat more generous in this area. For example, these families are allowed to deduct excess medical expenses in the calculation of net income.  With respect to food stamp asset rules, however, the elderly and disabled are subject to different policies. Food stamp eligibility for households with an elderly member allows assets equal to $3,000, but asseets for the disabled can't exceed $2,000.  There seems no good reason for such an inconsistency. Both kinds of families face special needs. Further, the distinction for only this policy creates confusion for low-income families and increases the risk of errors for States.  I ask our colleagues to support these improvements to the Food Stamp Program. The total cost of both provisions is $500 million over 10 years. This is a small price to pay to help the neediest families in our Nation.  My amendment is supported by leading nutrition groups such as the Kentucky Task Force on Hunger, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, the Food Reseaerch and Action Center, and Second Harvest.  The farm bill is an important safety net for our farmers. Likewise, the Food Stamp Program is an important safety net for our country.  I hope the amendment will be subsequently cleared on both sides.  