 President, this is a big day for the Senate. After a year and a half of discussions, negotiations, introduction, and reintroduction of legislation, we are finally prepared to pass a comprehensive, truly bipartisan election reform bill.  I say ``finally,'' but the truth is, a year and a half is lightning fast in the Senate. Senator Torricelli and I proposed a comprehensive election reform bill before the dust had settled in Florida. Shortly after, Senator Torricelli and I joined with Senator Schumer to put together yet another bill which garnered the support of 71 Senators--fairly evenly split between Democrats and Republicans. Senator Dodd, meanwhile, introduced legislation that was supported by all Democratic Senators.  Four months ago, Senators Dodd, Bond, Schumer, Torricelli, and I reached a bipartisan compromise. That was brought before this body in February. Through the passage of thoughtful amendments offered by my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, we have substantially improved the underlying bill. The final product is legislation which ensures that all Americans who are eligible to vote, and who have the right to vote, are able to do so, and to do so only once. This bill strengthens the integrity of the process so that voters know that their right to vote is not diluted through fraud committed by others. This legislation will make American election systems more accurate, more accessible, and more honest while respecting the primacy of States and localities in the administration of elections.  I look forward to a House-Senate conference so that soon we may move even closer toward enactment of a law that will improve America's election systems.  I thank Senator Dodd for his steadfast and persistent leadership on this issue. He truly has been the champion of promoting accessibility in elections. My thanks to Senator Bond who gave us our rallying cry behind this bill, ``making it easier to vote, and harder to cheat.'' This bill does just that and Senator Bond deserves the lion's share of the credit for that accomplishment. I also thank Senator Schumer, who joined with me nearly 1 year ago to advance a new approach to this issue. Any my thanks to Senator Torricelli, who has been there from the beginning with me in this exercise. I thank you all for your hard work and perseverance which has brought us to this triumphant moment.  Before I yield the floor, I would like to reiterate my strong opposition to the Clinton amendment which we will vote on shortly. The amendment creates a federally mandated acceptable error rate that is a one size fits all number. This approach is completely contrary to every other provision of this legislation.  If adopted, this amendment would do three things:  No. 1, Deliver the Department of Justice into our home States to prosecute our State and local election officials for choices made by or errors committed by voters;  No. 2, Undermine the sanctity of the secret ballot and  No. 3, Force the elimination of many voting systems used across this country.  On that last point, I urge my colleagues who hail from States which use paper ballots, mail-in voting or absentee voting to take a close look at this amendment. Your States will have a choice: change their systems or recruit top notch legal talent to defend themselves in court.  This choice will also be faced by States using lever machines, punch cared systems, optical scans, and DRE machines.  If this amendment is agreed to, perhaps we should move to increase the Justice Department appropriation so that it can ready a team of lawyers for each State.  Finally, I thank my staff on the Rules Committee: Brian Lewis, Leon Sequeira, Chris Moore, Hugh Farrish, and our staff director, Tam Somerville--all of whom have been deeply involved in this issue from the beginning--and, from Senator Dodd's staff, Shawn Maher, Kenny Gill, Ronnie Gillespie, we have enjoyed working with them.  Also, on Senator Bond's staff, Julile Dammann and Jack Bartling have been truly outstanding. It has been a pleasure to work with them.  On Senator Schumer's staff, Sharon Levin; and, on Senator Torricelli's staff, Sarah Wills--we appreciate the opportunity to work with all of these folks in developing this legislation.  I see my colleague from Missouri is here. I yield the floor.  