 President, I thank the Senator from Missouri. He pointed out clearly that the photo ID is only one of a number of acceptable options. The goal is not to deny people the opportunity to vote, but to verify there are actual people who are voting. The notion that somehow it is an onerous requirement to provide photo ID is, frankly, absurd on its face.  I have behind me an advertisement that appeared in the Washington Post recently. It is an advertisement for a cell phone. It says: ``Add Nextel to your holiday list.'' In the ad it says: ``In-store purchases require at least two forms of valid identification.'' That is, to buy a cell phone, two forms of valid identification are required.  Now the sanctity of the vote, the sanctity of the ballot, voting only once, and being a legitimate voter are considerably more important than the purchase of a cell phone. There is almost nothing of consequence you can do in our society today without providing some kind of ID. The Senator from Missouri has been quite generous in providing a number of different options, not just a photo option, which obviously would be the clearest way to make certain that the first time registrant was indeed a person who did live where he was being registered. But the Senator from Missouri was quite generous, I thought, in providing a number of different options to meet that requirement--short of a picture ID.  Secondly, referring to another chart, we have a voter in Maryland--these are two long-time registered voters in Maryland. One is a person named Mabel Briscoe, 82, and the other long-time registered voter in Holly Briscoe, her terrier. Mabel finally got caught, and they gave her community service instead of jail time because she indicated she was trying to make a point in registering her terrier: that they had an absurd registration system in Maryland.  Now surely the Senate is not going to pass an amendment that makes it easier to register to vote than to buy a cell phone. The sanctity of the ballot is extremely important in this country. As the Senator from Missouri said repeatedly, we want to make it easier to vote--but vote only once--and harder to cheat.  So this amendment is the poison pill. It is the deal breaker. If this amendment passes, this bill is in serious trouble. These provisions that the Senator from Missouri negotiated and insisted upon have made this a much better bill and have given it an opportunity to pass on a bipartisan basis. To break faith with the core compromise in this bill, I fear, renders it unfit for passage. That is how serious this vote is.  We are not going to have much time to debate it in the morning. There are not many of our colleagues around tonight. But there is no way I can underscore, as somebody who cares deeply about this bill, that it should pass. It bears my name in the second position, along with the Senator from Connecticut, and I think it moves us in the right direction. I will be darned if I will be party to unraveling the critical elements of this bill that were negotiated by the Senator from Missouri. These elements, which go right to the veryheart of our democracy, are that you are only entitled to vote once--and you need to be a person. Nobody has referred yet to ``60 Minutes,'' but they ran a segment within the last year or so. I happened to catch it one night when I was watching television. It was about the current situation in California, where there have been a number of different animals that have registered and voted repeatedly under the current system.  We made it a lot easier to vote a few years back. We certainly made it a lot easier to register. It didn't have any impact on turnout. So now we have these voluminous voting rolls all across America. It is pretty hard not to be registered to vote. All the Senator from Missouri is asking here is that there be clear evidence that a first-time registrant be a real person who is eligible to vote and actually living at the address. I don't think that is asking too much.  I certainly hope that tomorrow, when a motion to table is made, it will be successful. Otherwise, we will still be debating this amendment for quite some time.  I thank the Senator from Missouri again for his important contribution to this bill in the antifraud area. I think it is a core part of the underlying bill.  I yield the floor.  