 Remember, these unions are not fighting against any increase in the President's authority to override collective bargaining agreements in the interest of national security. No, they actually want to roll back this authority that every President has had and has used since President Jimmy Carter.  How do union special interests affect national security? Here are just a few examples:  In 1987, a union objected to renovating border protection areas at Logan Airport--the same airport used by the 9-11 hijackers.  In 1990, a union prevented the INS from adding extra immigration inspectors in the Hawaii airport because it might affect the overtime pay of existing workers.  In 2000, a union objected to a Customs Service drug interdiction along the Florida coast because it would interfere with vacation days.  Let me say that again. In 2000, a union objected to a Customs Service drug interdiction along the Florida coast simply because it would interfere with vacation days.  So why are our colleagues on the other side advancing the labor union's agenda? Well, let's take a look at this chart. Four of the five major public sector unions who are publicly pushing for the Lieberman bill have showered over 93 percent of their campaign contributions to Democrats. The fifth contributed 87 percent.  Here are the top contributors supporting the Lieberman bill: American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees contributed 99 percent of their funds to Democrats; American Federation of Teachers, 99 percent; International Association of Fire Fighters, 87 percent; American Federation of Government Employees, 93 percent; and National Treasury Employees Union, 94 percent.  When it comes to the accusations of linking campaign contributions to political payoffs, my Democratic colleagues and their friends in the media continue to believe influence pedals down a one-way street. Remember the energy bill? You could hardly sit down to breakfast in the morning without reading about how Republicans were shamelessly catering to big oil and big energy interests at the expense of the environment. These accusations have blared forth from every corner of the media establishment. The New York Times--surprise, surprise--on several occasions editorialized about big money driving the energy bill, essentially viewing it as a payoff to oil companies and their friends in the administration, which include ``the biggest and dirtiest utilities.''  The Boston Globe judged a House-passed energy bill as ``little better than the one cobbled together by Enron, other utilities, and big oil for the Bush administration.''  The Fort Worth Star ominously warned of the ``propriety of allowing big contributors to shape public policy to their personal benefit.''  The Greensboro, North Carolina News and Register declared ``clearly something is wrong when big business shapes the nation's energy policy.''  This rhetoric also blared forth from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who charged this bill was ``crafted behind closed doors,'' and that it ``looked like the Exxon-Mobil report,'' and that Exxon-Mobil, Enron, and Chevron enjoyed an excess bonanza at the expense of consumers.  Finally, the rhetoric blares out of our television sets every Wednesday night at 9 o'clock on the ``West Wing,'' a 60-minute political commercial masquerading as a television drama. On the premiere last week, the pretend president proclaimed, ``The Republicans are busy. They are trying to convince us that they care about new energy and that they are not in the vest pockets of big oil, and that is a tough sell.''  He then charged, ``This isn't the time for people whose doomsday scenario is a little less at the pump for Texaco and Shell. This isn't a time for people who say there aren't any energy alternatives just because they can't think of any. This is the time for American heroes, and we reach for the stars.''  Mr. President, this is a gift from NBC and GE to the Democratic Party, financed by millions of--you guessed it--corporate dollars. That is what the ``West Wing'' has been. I hope Senators don't dispute these corporations have a right to express political opinions. I do not believe political donations dictate public policy. In fact, I have been vigorously involved throughout my career defending the right of all these entities to contribute to the candidates of their choice and say, through issue advocacy, whatever they choose to say during the course of a year.  But as long as people are going to make that charge, they ought to do it evenly. For those who do believe contributions impact policy, then let's, in the name of basic fairness, apply the same scrutiny to unions on the homeland security bill that the New York Times, NBC, and my Democratic colleagues applied to energy companies on the energy bill. If they did, here is what they would find. The biggest public sector unions--American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees; the American Federation of Teachers; International Association of Fire Fighters; the American Federation of Government Employees; and the National Treasury Employees Union--give almost 9 out of every 10 cents to Democratic candidates. Their agenda to weaken the President's national security powers is being advanced by the beneficiaries of those contributions. But we are hard-pressed to find anybody or any hotly accusatory stories in the New York Times or on CNN.  Remember, Madam President, when corporate corruption called for a corporate accountability bill, unions--many of which were knee-deep in financial corruption themselves--rallied to block a very modest amendment to require better disclosure, simple disclosure on union financial reports.  So where are the editorials in the New York Times? Where are they connecting the dots and condemning the specter of influence peddling? Where are the rants from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle against the influence-peddling of big union bosses? Where is that episode of the ``West Wing''--you know, the one where the pretend president tells Josh and Sam, above the obligatory orchestral crescendo, how much he yearns for ``American heroes'' to sever the menacing hold unions have on the homeland security bill?  I could settle down in my favorite chair every Wednesday night at 9 p.m. waiting for that episode, but I am not a fool. My mother didn't raise any children as fools. I know that would be a wait in vain, for there are too many other Republican bogeymen to expose, too many conservative policies to mock with the elitist derision only Hollywood can muster, too many ways to stage easy political victories that real-life Democrats are simply unable to win in Congress because too many hard-working Americans do not believe in them.  I call on my colleagues to put aside the pet grievances of the labor unions and return to the task at hand because I just don't see how any of us can go home and explain to the families in our States we may be giving the President less power to protect them than he had before September 11.  So it continues to be my hope we will be able to get an up-or-down vote on the President's homeland security bill. It seems to me that is not asking too much. I know the Senator from Texas, and others, have spent an enormous amount of time to see to it the President's proposal at least gets an up-or-down vote in the Senate.  I yield the floor.  