 Myth No. 1 is that average medical malpractice premiums in California are higher than they are in States that have not enacted medical malpractice reform.  Obviously, that statement is absurd on its face. The fact is, the opponents of my amendment cited numbers from the Medical Liability Monitor arrived at by some playing of games with the numbers to prove a predetermined result. The editor of that publication, the Medical Liability Monitor, takes issue with the manner in which the other side has fudged the numbers. She states unequivocally that: We do not believe an average premium exists, nor do we attempt to produce such a spurious number. She concludes in her letter to Senator Frist: I find it particularly offensive, especially when I have spent my entire career pursuing objectivity, honesty, and balance in everything I produce.  She also noted in a recent National Journal article that insurers in California hold the lines fairly well because they have tort reform in place.  Myth No. 2: Medical malpractice premiums are not a burden on health care costs. It has been said on the other side, they account for only .6 percent of all health care costs--so it is said.  First, the studies cited by my Democratic friends do not take into account large segments of the medical malpractice community. Moreover, a 1996 study by two Stanford economists found that commonsense medical malpractice reforms, many of which are included in my amendment, could reduce health care costs by 5 to 9 percent without jeopardizing quality of care. Using this study, the Department of Health and Human Services projected that reducing the practice of defensive medicine would save Federal taxpayers between $23 and $42 billion.  Myth No. 3: It has been stated that companies have to raise premiums because they lost money on bad investments such as Enron. The fact is, the American Academy of Actuaries states insurers typically invest the vast majority of premiums in fixed income investments, not stocks. They also state that insurers do not set rates to recoup investment losses.  It has been suggested that somehow the door to the courthouse will be closed because there is a reasonable cap on attorneys' fees, which of course would guarantee that the victim got more of the money and the lawyer a little bit less--but certainly not enough to make them unwilling to take cases.  My friend from Illinois says contingency fees are the poor man's ticket to the courthouse. Apparently our trial lawyer friends will only punch the ticket if they can get more than a third of their clients' awards. My amendment limits the lawyer's fee to 33 percent of the award up to $150,000 and 25 percent above $150,000. So the suggestion is being made that if the lawyers do not get more than a third of the money involved, they somehow will not represent the injured victim.  One of our colleagues on the other side in a previous life got an award of $27 million, as the Washington Post reported. Under my formula, he would have gotten only $6.75 million, plus costs. I don't think that is much of a disincentive to represent an injured victim.  