  This bill makes significant changes in the voter registration process for Federal elections. These changes are designed to clean up our Nation's voter registration lists and reduce fraudulent registrations and voting. Congress has a compelling interest in protecting the integrity of the Federal election process. This legislation will further that interest by helping to ensure accurate voter rolls, which is the first step in ensuring fair elections. The senior Senator from Missouri was a conferee on this bill and he has seen many instances of duplicate voter registrations and voter fraud in his State. I would like to ask the Senator from Missouri if his understanding of the function and purpose of these new provisions is consistent with my understanding and the intent of the conferees on this conference report.  The conference report on H.R. 3295 requires that individuals who register to vote on or after January 1, 2004, for Federal elections must provide their driver's license number on the registration form. If the individual has not been issued a valid driver's license number, then that individual must provide the last four digits of his or her social security number on the registration form. In the unlikely event that an individual has neither been issued a driver's license number, nor a social security number, the State shall issue that individual a random registration number.  The State will then verify the registration information provided by the individual with information in the State's department of motor vehicle database. The State's department of motor vehicle database will be also be cross-checked against Social Security Administration records. It is important to note that States that utilize full social security numbers for voter registration applicants can continue to do so after passage of this legislation. This new registration requirement is a minimum standard. If a State requires applicants to provide more information--such as their entire nine-digit social security number--this legislation will not override that State requirement.  Furthermore, the new computerized statewide registration systems that we require States to implement will also help safeguard voter registration lists against fraud. A State's use of a statewide voter registration list will not, however, override State registration requirements. Thus, even though a voter's registration information has been entered into the statewide list that does not mean a voter will never have to re-register if that voter moves to a different jurisdiction within the State. The intent of the conferees is to provide a centralized list of registered voters to help guard against fraud. The intent is not to create one-time registration for voters and force States to let individuals vote from locations other than the precinct in which the voter is registered.  I ask the Senator from Missouri if my explanation of these provisions reflects the intent of the conferees on this legislation?  