 President, I listened carefully to the Senator from Tennessee. I commend him for being very consistent in his concern about federalism and States rights. He has raised that issue not just on the occasion of today's amendment but across the board. He has certainly been consistent. I do find it somewhat amusing to hear it invoked from time to time by those on the other side of the aisle for whom States rights are rarely a concern.  Let me say to my good friend from Tennessee, he raises exactly the point I wanted to address in my remaining time this morning. This is a national crisis, a national crisis in the delivery of medical services. This is a national problem, and it demands a national solution. States all across the country--in the West, the South, the Midwest, and the East--are in crisis. Many more States are experiencing serious problems, including my own State of Kentucky. Because it is a national problem, it demands a national solution. Furthermore, it is necessary and appropriate for the Federal Government to be involved in fixing this problem.  Let me give you my first reason. As the single largest purchaser of health care, the Federal Government has a compelling interest in health care liability reform. In 2002, the Federal Government will spend $223 billion on Medicare, $145 billion more on Medicaid, and $11.3 billion more on Federal employee health benefits. That is a total of $400 billion by the Federal Government on health care.  Furthermore, a 1996 study by Stanford economists projected that commonsense medical malpractice reforms, many of which are included in my amendment, could reduce health care costs by 5 to 9 percent without jeopardizing the quality of care. Using this study, the Department of Health and Human Services projects that reducing the practice of defensive medicine could save the Federal taxpayers between $23 and $42 billion.  Finally, Federal legislation is necessary because of the increasingly interstate character of health care. I just mentioned, a few moments ago, the four physicians I saw Friday night in Henderson, KY, on the verge of moving to Indiana. That is fine for them. It doesn't do much for their patients who are left without care on the Kentucky side. Patients in the Washington, DC, area receive care not only here but in Maryland and Virginia. Many of the Nation's finest health care facilities--the Mayo Clinic and M.D. Anderson--treat patients from across the country.  While a Federal solution is necessary and appropriate, my amendment does not wholly preempt State medical malpractice reforms. The amendment would not preempt those States that have already developed strong medical malpractice laws.  This crisis has been created by the failure of the National Government to act. That has caused a problem. This crisis is due to the failure to impose accountability and responsibility--the same things we have been talking about around here the last few weeks with regard to corporate America--on big, powerful trial lawyers who are running roughshod over doctors and in many instances taking advantage of their own clients.  As a result of our failure to act, there has been an explosion in medical malpractice awards. Let us take a look at this chart which shows the explosion in medical malpractice awards from roughly $500,000 in 1995, up to $1 million in 2000.  Now, I gather my friends on the other side apparently think doctors have become twice as incompetent in the last few years or that medical schools are now turning out graduates who are inept. But I am inclined to believe that the medical professionals at the AMA and other health care organizations don't agree with that. The standard of care of physicians has not radically deteriorated in just the last few years. Rather, from looking at the problem, I believe the AMA and other health groups when they say it is our medical malpractice liability system, not our delivery system, that is badly broken.  The amendment I offer is a modest one. As I have said repeatedly, it doesn't in any way cap compensatory damages to the victim. It simply seeks to cap lawyer's fees so more money will go to the injured victim, and caps punitive damages, which are not designed to compensate the injured party in any event but to punish the defendant--cap that at twice the balance of the compensatory damages. So this doesn't take any funds that are needed to put the injured victim back on his or her feet. It simply addresses the issue of lawyer abuse and of excessive punitive damages, which are not designed to enrich the injured party in any event.  It is a very modest amendment. The AMA supports this amendment. They would have liked it to be much stronger, but I crafted this amendment in a very modest way in order to make it more palatable to more Senators. We have had a vote on this amendment before, back in 1995. At that point, it got 53 votes, including Senators Feinstein, Lieberman, and Jeffords, who are still in the Senate.  As I said, this is a pro-victim amendment. There is no cap on noneconomic pain and suffering damages, no cap on compensatory damages. There is simply a reasonable cap on lawyer's fees and a cap on punitive damages at twice the balance of the other damages.  So I think this is clearly a national problem requiring a national solution. I hope the amendment will be approved.  