 President, this amendment replaces the liability section of the underlying bill with the liability section proposed in the compromise bill sponsored by Senator Gramm and myself.  The compromise has three principal elements. First, consolidation of all claims in a single Federal district court; second, approval of settlements by the Secretary of the Treasury; third, a ban on punitive damages, unless the defendant has been convicted of a criminal offense that is related to the plaintiff's injury.  The first two provisions should not spark any controversy. The proponents of the underlying bill themselves have agreed to Federal jurisdiction over these claims, and the approval of settlements by the Secretary of the Treasury simply protects the taxpayer dollars that will be exposed to potentially enormous lawsuits under this program. And since the underlying bill now--unlike an earlier version--prudently bans punitive damages against the Federal Treasury, this approval process ensures that a party does not attempt to casually circumvent that ban through a settlement.  So, again, this is a debate about whether we should expose American victims of terrorism to punitive damages--damages that heap additional punishment on American victims, even after the plaintiff has been fully compensated for his or her injuries.  Let me make a very important point to those of my colleagues who are traditionally wary of liability protections. Lawsuits arising out of terrorist attacks will be a wholly different animal. They will not feature the traditional small, sympathetic plaintiffs against the crotchety, arrogant big business that makes for such effective television movies and plaintiffs' lawyers' tales. No, these lawsuits will pit victim against victim--victim against victim--both of whom have been devastated by a coldblooded terrorist attack, and both of whom will be faced with traumatic physical, emotional, and financial recovery.  While it is important to ensure that an injured plaintiff be compensated for his or her injuries--and this amendment does just that--it is absurd, immoral, and it is un-American to impose additional punishment on an American victim of terrorism.  For those who remain concerned about punishing egregious conduct, my amendment does not extend the punitive ban to any defendant who is engaged in criminal conduct. History reminds us that punitive damages have always been about punishing bad actors, not about compensating victims. Punishment has long been a hallmark of our criminal justice system. Indeed, punitive damages draw their origins from the English common law cases of assault and battery, where the criminal law provided an inadequate remedy. So it only makes sense that we should rely on our criminal justice system to determine whether additional punishment is warranted against American victims of terrorism.  If American defendants have engaged in criminal activity, maybe punitive damages are appropriate in those limited circumstances. But what we cannot and must not do is take the punishment reserved for the terrorists who seek to destroy our buildings, our transportation systems, our fire and rescue personnel, and our way of life and transfer that punishment to American victims of terrorism who bear no relation to the hijackers and suicide bombers, or the terror that they unleash on America.  To be perfectly candid, my amendment does not do enough to protect liability costs from skyrocketing out of control and to protect against runaway lawsuits against terrorist victims. Indeed, this amendment moves along way off the litigation management provisions in the House-passed bill. If I had my own way, I would be offering something a good deal more comprehensive than what I have offered a few moments ago. Indeed, I think it is important for everybody to remember what kind of awards are still possible, even if my amendment is adopted, as I hope it will be. There is no limit to the amount of damages an American plaintiff can receive as compensation for physical or economic loss. Let me say that again. I am not proposing any kind of limitation on the amount of damages an American plaintiff can receive as compensation for physical or economic loss.  No. 2, I am not proposing to limit the amount of damages an American plaintiff can receive as compensation for noneconomic damages--pain and suffering losses. There is no limitation under my amendment on recovery for pain and suffering.  In addition, there is nothing to prevent American defendants and victims of a terrorist attack from having to pay for the pain and suffering caused by terrorists. I could have gone a lot further, but there is no limitation under this amendment on recovery for pain and suffering against the victims of terrorism or the taxpayers of the United States. And there is no limit on the amount of money an attorney can take from the plaintiff's award. I must say, I hated not putting that in.  This is very similar to the Federal Tort Claims Act which has been on the books since the late forties. If you sue the United States under the Federal Tort Claims Act, all the cases are in Federal court. There are no punitive damages, and there is a 25-percent limit on lawyer's fees, which seems to me is entirely appropriate. A limitation on lawyer's fees puts more money in the hands of the victim.  I know what a sensitive subject that is for many in this body, so that is not in this amendment. I did not even limit the lawyer's fees which would have been a very provictim provision. I did not do that. Yet remarkably, this is not enough for some people. Even after a plaintiff has been fully compensated for all his or her fiscal, economic, and noneconomic damages, the underlying bill demands the right to seek additional punitive damages to punish American property owners, American shopkeepers, and American air carriers who are also victims of terrorism.  Under this amendment, no victim is going to be denied the right to fully recover under every other provision. The only thing that is being denied is to get punished for the second time. First, you have been attacked by the terrorists, and then you are going to be attacked by the lawyers if we do not pass this amendment.  Just yesterday this body voted, regrettably, to impose double taxation on American families afflicted by the death tax--double taxation. You get taxed once during your life, and then you get taxed again when you die. Almost immediately afterwards, our colleagues moved to proceed to a terrorism insurance bill that would impose double punishment. Yesterday they voted in favor of double taxation, and today they are advocating double punishment on American victims of terrorism. First, you get attacked by the terrorist, and then you get attacked by the lawyers for punitive damages.  I hope our colleagues will join me in curing the latter error by supporting this amendment. If not, they should be prepared to explain to the American people why--why--in the aftermath of a terrorist attack it is somehow permissible in this country to punish American victims of terrorism for the harm caused by the terrorists. That is what this amendment is about.  Let me reiterate before relinquishing the floor that all other kinds of damages are available to victims of terrorism, to the plaintiffs--pain and suffering, economic compensation--but the only thing that would be denied would be the opportunity to get punitive damages which are, in effect, damages allowed for criminal-type behavior from the victim of a terrorist attack. I have even modified that to allow punitive damages against a victim of terrorism if that victim has been convicted of a crime. That is the category of behavior which historically has made available punitive damages.  This is a very modest amendment. I would have loved to have gone a lot further. I find it outrageous that it is possible for any lawyer in America in any one of these lawsuits to get more than a fourth. I think the Federal Tort Claims Act would have been a perfect way to limit the lawyer's compensation and provide more assistance forthe victim, but I have not offered that because I know there is substantial reluctance in this body, as we have seen time and time again, to impact the compensation of the plaintiff's bar. So I have not done that in an effort to make this more attractive.  This is a very modest step in the direction of protecting the victims of terrorism from being attacked twice. I hope it is something we can pass overwhelmingly in the Senate whenever we get around to having a vote.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and hope that whenever this is voted upon, it will be adopted overwhelmingly.  