  This is a national problem that affects States all across the country. It has been caused by the failure of the National Government to act. The Federal Government is the single biggest purchaser of medical services. It buys $400 billion in medical services each year. The purchase and delivery of medical services substantially affects interstate commerce. Patients and doctors routinely cross State lines. Parties buy medical services from doctors and hospitals in other jurisdictions. And doctors and hospitals sell medical services to citizens from differentStates. Indeed, our most famous hospitals, such as the Mayo Clinic, are known for this.  Does anyone deny this is a substantial commercial activity? Thus, there is a commerce clause and a spending clause basis for the Federal Government to act.  Regardless of the problem caused by our civil justice system, some of our colleagues will point the finger at anyone but big personal injury lawyers. No matter what the trial lawyers do, no matter what abuses they may commit, some colleagues absolutely refuse to admit that there are any abuses or excesses in our civil justice system. Some of our colleagues say they are for accountability and responsibility in helping average Americans. They say that is what the debate is all about on corporate governance and prescription drugs. But when it comes down to it, some of our colleagues are for accountability and responsibility and helping average people only when it does not affect the interests of big, wealthy, powerful trial lawyers. In short, they are about accountability for everyone but the personal injury bar.  Our friends who share that view will do anything that will impede big personal injury lawyers being able to run rampant through our legal system. We have seen them over the last few weeks. They will protect big, powerful trial lawyers over American victims of terrorism when it comes to punitive damages. We have seen that those colleagues will shield big, powerful trial lawyers from having to disclose basic information about their fees and costs to their clients. We have seen that some will not restrict big, powerful trial lawyers from ambulance chasing victims by reserving a respectful period of bereavement before soliciting business. And now we have seen those same folks urging the Senate not to help medical professionals by adopting the most modest of pro-victim reforms to our medical malpractice liability system. The AMA would like to go further than this amendment goes.  And now we've seen that my Democrat friends urging the Senate not to help medical professionals by adopting the most modest of pro-victim reforms to our medical malpractice liability system. Again, my amendment is pro-victim because it: doesn't limit pain and suffering one penny; ensure that the victims, not their lawyers, get most of the compensation; allows them to get punitive damages; and improves overall patient care by providing that half of a punitive damages award goes to improving medical standards and practices.  My colleagues: this is a chance to do something to help doctors, to help patients, to help our medical delivery system without capping by one nickel a patient's pain and suffering damages. The question, then, is whether you are going to vote with the trial lawyers or are you going to vote with the doctors and their patients.  If my Democrat friends are serious about doing something to improve the delivery of medical services, they'll break with the trial lawyers for a change and listen to the medical community and adopt my amendment--an amendment that has already passed the Senate once.  