  I rise to speak on behalf of the McConnell amendment which will be voted on sometime in the not too distant future. It is my understanding that my own colleague, Senator Enzi, may make a motion to table at the end of the debate. So let me, at the outset, say I support the Edwards-Enzi amendment.  The second-degree amendment that is pending at the desk, which I will shortly discuss, does not, in any way, change or diminish the Edwards-Enzi amendment. I think it is a good idea. However, I think it simply does not go far enough.  I also supported the Leahy amendment yesterday after my amendment to combat union fraud was defeated. I will continue to support responsible corporate accountability measures in this bill.  My only point is, corporations do not have a monopoly on misconduct, deception, and fraud. As long as we are addressing professional misconduct, deception, and fraud, we ought to recognize this is a problem in our entire professional culture, not just in corporate culture. Let me repeat that. This is a problem in our entire professional culture, not just in corporate culture.  I understand the mood at the moment is to beat up on corporations. And they deserve it. That is what the underlying bill is about. On the other hand, to ignore other areas of abuse, it seems to me, is to miss an opportunity to address the problem in a broader way.  The Senator from North Carolina raises real problems with the ethics and conduct of corporate lawyers. I commend him for that. And I commend the Senator from Wyoming for that. But I have long sought to curb similar and well-documented abuses in the general practice of law, specifically in the case of personal injury law.  Let me say at this point that the McConnell amendment applies only to Federal claims and Federal courts. We are talking here about Federal claims and Federal courts. My point in offering this amendment is not to obstruct but to extend and enhance our debate on professional conduct.  We ought to set standards for corporate attorneys. I favor that. And we ought to set standards for personal injury lawyers as well. Corporations and corporate attorneys do not have a monopoly on misconduct. We are doing a real disservice to the American public if, during this important debate on professional misconduct, we turn a blind eye to abuses in our society that have been piling up way before--long before--Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing.  All too often we hear stories about lawyers who take advantage of their clients by not informing them of the legal fees and costs those clients will incur. This sad practice results in consumers of legal services receiving next to nothing in personal injury and other claims.  Let me recount the story of Diana Saxon. Ms. Saxon was a victim of, among other things, attempted forcible rape. The defendant was convicted, and Ms. Saxon brought a personal injury action against that defendant. The attorney she hired said the fee he was going to charge was 40 percent, plus costs.  Ms. Saxon received an award of $25,000. Of that, per her agreement,$8,300 went to her lawyer in attorney's fees. But an additional $20,716 went to her lawyer for expenses. However, none of those costs was made known to Ms. Saxon during the course of the litigation. She was only informed of them after her case was concluded.  Now, it gets even better--or, for Ms. Saxon's unfortunate situation, it gets worse. After her lawyer charged her his costs, she ended up owing her attorney $4,000--$4,000. That is right. For poor Ms. Saxon, she was actually left over $4,000 in the hole, in debt.  Now, to be fair, Ms. Saxon's lawyer was actually magnanimous in that he waived a few costs and a small portion of his fee so that she was actually able to walk away with the princely sum of $833--$833.  In his letter to her, where he agreed to offer her these few hundred dollars from her award of $25,000, he wrote:       I'm agreeable to pay the sum of $833. This is the only      money you will receive from your $25,000 settlement.  So, in sum, even though Ms. Saxon's lawyer told her that the lawyer would get 40 percent of her award, plus costs, in reality, after including these costs, he got 96 percent--96 percent--of her award. That is right, 96 cents on every dollar that Ms. Saxon received.  We need to make sure that consumers of legal services are not duped by this type of inaccurate and incomplete information.  Let me quote Ms. Saxon. She has put the problem better than I could. Here is what she had to say:       This is not how our civil justice system is supposed to      work. What happened to me should never happen to anyone      again. You have a chance today to make a difference by      passing a law to protect people from the kind of thing my      attorney did to me. Had I known in advance or at some point      along the way how little of my lawsuit was going to benefit      anyone but my lawyer, I might have thought different about      enduring 2 years of emotional trauma during the litigation.  Summing up what she had to say: Had she had any idea how little of the money she might get, she might not have wanted to endure the trauma of this litigation for 2 long years.  Now, Ms. Saxon, in a sense, was lucky in that at least her lawyer told her she would be liable for costs, although he obviously did not tell her the magnitude of the costs she was looking at and, thereby, completely misled her.  But as these excerpts from the Yellow Pages here in the District of Columbia area phonebook indicate, some lawyers are not even that candid.  So let's take a look at the first chart out of the DC phonebook. On this first chart, we have an ad with the big banner entitled ``AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENTS.'' There is a line almost as big--the fourth line down--proclaiming: ``No Recovery, No Legal Fees''--``No Recovery, No Legal Fees.'' It does not say anything about the cost the plaintiff is going to have to bear and, therefore, does not paint an accurate picture.  Let's take a look at the second chart, again out of the DC phonebook. It has a big banner down the right side entitled ``PERSONAL INJURY.'' At the top is says: ``Personal Injury Lawyers Who Put You First.'' ``The Firm Boasts an All-Star Roster of Top Personal Injury [Lawyers].'' And it makes the point: ``No fee if no recovery.'' But, again, like the last ad, it does not mention at all anywhere in the ad--nowhere in all of this ad--that the client will be liable for costs.  Let's take a look at chart No. 3. This ad is marginally--marginally--better. At the top of the ad there is a headline, in bold, saying: ``Legal Problems Require a Lawyer.'' Obviously, legal problems require a lawyer. About midway down is a line item saying: ``Call Me. I can help.'' ``Call me. I can help.'' And right below this line, another line says: ``No Legal Fee If No Recovery.'' In a little bit smaller print you will notice, ``No Legal Fee If No Recovery.'' But this lawyer, at least, to his credit, has an asterisk by this line. If you look very carefully, you see an asterisk; and way down here at the bottom of the ad, in minuscule print--which might require you getting your glasses adjusted or to get a magnifying glass--it says: ``Cost May Be Additional.''  This lawyer at least gets credit in his ad for mentioning that there might be some cost, although you better have your glasses adjusted in order to find it.  Chart No. 4 is a familiar pitch, that there be ``no legal fees unless recovery.'' This lawyer, to his credit, at least has it in print large enough to where you might actually see that line. But there is, of course, an asterisk; down here at the bottom, again, in tiny, minuscule print, ``Clients may be responsible for reasonable fees.''  This lawyer, at least, gets some credit--be the print ever so small--for pointing out that there could be a cost involved, and maybe a careful client would see that in the ad.  Chart No. 5, really my favorite one, it has a big banner at the top, ``accidents,'' all the way across the top. You wouldn't have any trouble missing that. Underneath, ``No legal fee if no recovery.'' Very enticing observation to an injured client, potential client, and there is an asterisk after it.  Going to the bottom of the page, below the Visa and MasterCard logos, it says, ``excluding costs.'' That is about the smallest print on the ad. But a careful potential client might be able to find that there could conceivably be a cost attached to this.  Frankly, I am not sure if this phrase means that costs are excluded and, therefore, you don't have to pay for these either, or if it means that costs are excluded from the exclusion, which means you do have to pay for them. A consumer of legal services should not be enticed by the prospect of free legal services, including what appears to be an exclusion of cost from the charges for which he is responsible.  As I will shortly describe, the amendment I am offering would help prevent people from being duped by incomplete and misleading representations such as these. Let me repeat that the scope of my amendment is not every court in America but only applies to Federal claims and Federal courts.  Shifting gears for a moment, we also hear stories of ambulance chasers who take advantage of grieving families when they are most vulnerable. For example, at the scene of a 1993 collision between two commuter trains in Gary, IN, witnesses reported seeing lawyers' business cards being passed around at the scene of the accident. And the injured were being videotaped as they were removed on stretchers.  After an August 1987 crash of a commercial airline flight in Detroit, a man posing as a Roman Catholic priest, Father John Irish, appeared at the scene to console families of the victims. He hugged crying mothers and talked with grieving fathers of God's rewards in the hereafter. Then he would hand them the business card of a Florida attorney, urging them to call the lawyer, and then the father would disappear.  We should make sure that misleading ads and shameless ambulance chasing do not occur. I propose a clients' bill of rights for consumers of legal services. We have talked a lot in recent years about a Patients' Bill of Rights to make sure patients are treated properly by health maintenance organizations. We need a clients' bill of rights to make sure consumers of legal services are treated fairly.  This clients' bill of rights would do two things. The first thing it would do is require consumers of legal services to receive basic information at the beginning, during the course, and at the end of the case so that all along the way the client, the consumer of legal services, has a clear understanding of what the financial relationship is between the lawyer and the client.  As the old saying goes: Knowledge is power. My amendment empowers consumers by giving them the knowledge they need to make informed decisions about their legal representation. As I pointed out earlier in one of my examples, there was a lady who had no earthly idea, because of not receiving proper information about the extent of the cost that could be involved in her case, that after getting a $25,000 settlement she would essentially get nothing. The lawyer then benevolently gave her $833.  So clients need information all along the way to make informed decisions about legal representation.  At the initial meeting before they are retained, under the McConnell amendment, attorneys would have to provide would-be clients with the following things--and this is not unreasonable; it's elementary justice--No. 1, the estimated number of hours that will be spent on the case; No. 2, the hourly fee or the contingent fee that will be charged; No. 3, very importantly, the probability of a successfuloutcome; next, the estimated recovery reasonably expected; next, the estimated cost or expenses the plaintiffs will bear; and whether a client will be subject to fee arrangements with other lawyers.  This is elementary consumer protection. Let me say to my friends in the Senate who are close to and allied with the plaintiffs' lawyers in America: We are not talking about capping anybody's fees. This is not about capping fees. The fee arrangement could still be whatever astronomical amount the lawyer believes he can charge. But we are talking about providing basic information to the client so the client can understand what the fee arrangement is going to be. There are no fee caps in this amendment.  Monthly statements: My amendment would also require lawyers to provide their clients with monthly statements so that consumers of legal services will be informed on a regular basis of the basic progress of their case. Specifically, the lawyers would have to tell clients how much time they are expending on their case, what they are spending their time doing, and what expenses they are incurring in the case. Again, this is basic information clients should receive so they know how their case is progressing and how in essence their money is being spent.  Then an accounting at the end of the case: Clients should receive basic information at the end of the case so they know exactly what they paid for during their representation. To this end, my amendment provides that within 30 days after the end of the case, attorneys shall provide clients with the number of hours expended; the amount of expenses to be charged; the total hourly fee or the total contingency fee in a contingency fee case; the effective hourly fee charged, which would be determined by dividing the total contingency fee by the total number of hours expended.  Again, this is elementary, reasonable information, no fee caps, just providing reasonable information to the client at the end of the case so they can understand just what the legal services have provided.  Madam President, in the age of disclosure, I cannot believe that my colleagues would not support some basic disclosures that the first part of my amendment would provide. It does not limit--I say again--attorney's fees in any regard. There are no fee caps of any sort in this amendment. Frankly, I would like to see that. We have had fee caps under the Federal Tort Claims Act for years, and I am told there is no dearth of lawyers prepared to bring tort claims against the United States. But there are not any fee caps in this legislation. That is something a large number of Members of the Senate do not support. The first part of my amendment simply enables consumers of legal services to make informed choices.  The second thing my amendment does is establish a bereavement rule. A bereavement rule means the provision for a period of mourning, or a period of bereavement, during which lawyers would have to be respectful of injured victims or their families. As I mentioned, this provision is important because there are disturbing stories of ambulance-chasing lawyers who prey upon victims and their families when these people are the most vulnerable.  To address this problem, my amendment simply provides that there will be no unsolicited communication by lawyers to victims, or to their families, regarding an action for personal injury, or wrongful death, for 45 days from the date of death or personal injury--just 45 days to give the victims, or their families, an opportunity to begin to get their feet back under them before they start considering which lawyer, if any, they want to retain to pursue the legal action to which they may be entitled.  Let me repeat. This amendment applies only to unsolicited communications. If the victims or their families are feeling like it 2 days after the event, they are certainly free to call whomever they choose. This only applies to unsolicited communications to victims or their families. Injured parties and their families are free to contact whomever they want whenever they want.  Madam President, there is precedent for this respectful, considerate principle in existing Federal law. In 1996, we passed legislation that prohibited lawyers from engaging in unsolicited communications for 30 days following an airline disaster. Let me say it again. There is precedent for a bereavement rule already in Federal law. In 1996, we passed legislation that prohibited lawyers from engaging in unsolicited communications for 30 days following an airline disaster. Just 2 years ago, in 2000, we extended this prohibition to 45 days from the date of an airline crash. That prohibition is codified at 49 U.S.C. section 1136(g)(2).  The point I am making here is that there is precedent in Federal law already for a bereavement rule, and this simply expands upon that preference and provides this protection for additional victims during a period of mourning.  Madam President, someone who has been killed or injured in a train crash or a shipping accident is just as dead, or just as injured, as someone who is killed or injured in an airline crash. These victims and their families deserve the same type of respect and consideration. All these types of victims and their families are in a vulnerable state where it is easy for them to be pressured or taken advantage of.  The second part of my amendment would afford victims of other tragedies the same protection that we afford victims of airline disasters. The language in my amendment that we used to do so is virtually identical to current Federal law. It would guarantee these people a reasonable period of time to grieve, collect their thoughts, and to think clearly about what action they want to take and who they want to take such action on their behalf.  As I said, there is current precedent for it in Federal law, and I hope my colleagues will support it, along with the disclosure provisions in my amendment.  Madam President, what is the time situation?  