 President, I wish to take the opportunity now to describe in detail the amendment currently pending before us, that which I was unable to do yesterday.  There are two fundamental points to the amendment. What it seeks to do is require independent audits of union funds which, of course, are raised from union members in the vast majority of our States. You don't have a choice; you must belong to a union, and those dues are taken. So we have mandatory auditing of those funds to ensure they are being accurately accounted for, civil penalties for violating those auditing requirements, and, third--this is all the amendment is about, these three points--the president and the secretary of the union must certify as to the accuracy of the audit.  We are talking about guaranteeing the integrity of the funds raised from union members. The reason we require corporations to file financial statements is so corporate shareholders know how their money is being spent. As a second layer of protection for shareholders, we also require those financial statements to be independently audited. Why? So investors know that information filed is actually correct, so they know it is not just the creative writing of a crooked bookkeeper or a corrupt executive.  We take this independent audit requirement, or this second layer, very seriously--so seriously, in fact, that we are creating a third layer in the Sarbanes bill, an entirely new audit oversight board to better police these required audits for the benefit of corporate shareholders.  This third layer is a good idea, especially given today's stories of corporate fraud, deception, and outright theft that we all cite as the real motivation behind the underlying bill. My colleagues have cited the well-publicized financial failures and the endless corporate scandals and the need to hold corporate crooks accountable. I could not agree more. But we also have union corruption, union greed, union scandals.  My amendment will give American workers the assurances that their labor unions' books have been independently audited--the same second layer of protection we have given to corporate shareholders since 1933.  Unions already have to file financial statements. They do so with the Department of Labor on a form called the LM-2. Why? For the same reason corporations do: So American workers, the card-carrying, dues-paying union workers can see where their money goes. But we don't currently require independent audits of union financial statements. Unlike the corporate shareholder, the rank-and-file American worker has no earthly idea if the financial information they rely on is correct--no idea at all. So why shouldn't the American steelworker or longshoreman be entitled to the same assurances as the corporate shareholder who has recklessly overinvested in a bundle of Internet stocks? Isn't the workers' money just as hard earned and deserving of protection--maybe even more so?  I cannot imagine that anyone in this body would argue that American workers do not suffer from the same type of greed and corruption that plagues our corporate and accounting culture, nor can I imagine that as a result of these scandals anybody in this body believes that American workers do not deserve the very same assurances that their unions' financial statements are correct.  But just in case, let me read for my colleagues a few recent accounts of union corruption. I am going to read quite a few, and I will do so for a specific reason--so nobody can stand up and say that greed and corruption only affects corporate shareholders, so no one can say the only stories here are Enron and WorldCom, and so no one can stand up and say we are wasting time by trying to protect the American workers from being cheated out of their money.  We have all heard of Arthur Andersen, but has anybody heard of Thomas Havey? That is the accounting firm where a partner confessed last month to helping a bookkeeper conceal her embezzlement of hundreds of thousands of dollars from a worker training fund of the International Association of Iron Workers.  Yesterday, a colleague of mine said that the problem at Global Crossinghad nothing to do with labor unions. Maybe he hasn't heard of ULLICO. That is the multibillion-dollar insurance company owned primarily by unions and their members' pension funds that invested $7.6 million in Global Crossing. Apparently, ULLICO directors received a sweetheart stock investment deal that allowed them to make millions on the sale of the stock. All the while, union pension funds, however, suffered the fate of Global Crossing.  There is plenty more, beginning with a couple of stories I briefly mentioned yesterday. An accountant with the National Association of Letter Carriers embezzled more than $3.2 million from union funds over an 8-year period to buy 8 cars, 2 boats, 3 jet skis, a riding mower, and 105 collectible dolls.  A former official of the Laborers' Union District Council in Oregon, Idaho, and Wyoming is in jail for accepting hundreds of thousands of dollars in kickbacks for directing money into a Ponzi-like investment scheme that defrauded Oregon labor unions of $355 million.  A former business manager and financial secretary of the International Association of Heat and Frost Insulators and Asbestos Workers Local 87 was indicted by the U.S. attorney for the Western District of Texas for embezzling tens of thousands of dollars in union funds.  Mr. President, a comptroller of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, Council 71 of New Jersey, was sentenced to 13 months in prison and fined for embezzling tens of thousands of dollars from the union.  A trustee of Glass, Molders, Pottery, Plastics & Allied Workers International Union Local 63B, headquartered in Minneapolis, was charged with forgery and embezzlement in connection with the theft of thousands of dollars from the union.  Fourteen officers and members of Local 91 of the Laborers International Union in Niagara Falls were arrested on charges of labor racketeering, extortion, assault, vandalism, and bombing a dissenting union member's home and stabbing a worker.  A former business manager of IBEW Local 16 in Evansville, IN, was indicted for diverting union dues checks to his personal bank account.  A Federal grand jury recently indicted an ex-business manager of the United Association of Plumbers and Pipefitters Local 15 in Minneapolis in connection with the theft of tens of thousands of dollars from the union.  A former officer of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 1288, in Fresno, CA, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for embezzling almost $300,000 from the union's credit union.  An ex-business manager and financial secretary of the United Union of Roofers, Waterproofers and Allied Workers Local 86, in Columbus, OH, was sentenced to 21 months in prison for embezzling $130,000 from the union to pay his gambling debts.  An ex-president of the American Postal Workers Union Local 1616, in Roanoke Rapids, NC, was indicted for embezzling thousands in union funds and making false entries in union records.  Laborers International Union of North America Local 2, in Chicago, which recently came out of Federal trusteeship imposed because of its close ties to organized crime, failed an oversight audit and is again having significant accounting and bookkeeping problems.  An ex-secretary-treasurer of the American Postal Workers Union Local 761 in Las Vegas and ex-treasurer of the Postal Workers Nevada State Association pled guilty to embezzling $200,000 in union funds.  Two former officers of Steelworkers Local 9339 in Virginia and a former administrator of the local union's disaster relief fund were indicted for conspiracy to embezzle union funds and make false recordkeeping entries.  A grand jury is investigating claims that a local United Auto Workers Union ended an 87-day strike against General Motors only after union officials received phony overtime payments and jobs for their relatives. Union members have also filed civil suits to recover over half a billion dollars--half a billion dollars--from alleged self-dealers.  My good friend, the senior Senator from Texas, always says you cannot argue about facts. Facts are a powerful thing. These are the cold hard facts of union corruption. Just like Enron, just like WorldCom, just like Global Crossing, these are the cold hard facts, and there are plenty more of these facts.  I have a stack of papers filled with what is called a union corruption update. If you look at this stack, this is just for the year 2002. This stack is just for the year 2002--this whole stack--and 2002 is only half over. It is compiled by the National Legal Policy Center. The Department of Labor's Office of Labor Management Standards reports 12 new indictments and 11 convictions of union fraud per month over the last 4 years.  Let's go over that one more time. DOL's Office of Labor Management Standards reports 12 new indictments and 11 convictions of union fraud per month over the last 4 years. This is a serious problem, and the Senate should not let whatever allegiance some Members may have to the leaders of organized labor affect their concern about the workers themselves, and that is what this amendment is about: Providing the same protection for union members that we insist on providing for investors in corporations.  We have a choice before us. Who should bear the cost of union corruption against the rank-and-file, dues-paying American workers? The unions, the perpetrators of much of this fraud, by bearing an incremental cost of an audit that will help prevent future workers from being cheated out of their money? Or the workers, whose money will continue to be embezzled, concealed? And if we do not provide them with minimal assurances of an independent audit, it will go on and on.  To me, this choice is identical--absolutely identical--to the choice in the Sarbanes bill. Who should bear the cost of the corporate and accounting corruption against shareholders, the corporations and accountants, obviously, through improved oversight, enforcement, and corporate responsibility or the investing public whose stock holdings will continue to be embezzled, concealed, if we do not provide them a new accounting oversight board?  Choosing the unions over the workers in this case is no different than siding with the accountants and corporate executives who quietly oppose the Sarbanes bill.  Mr. President, about the complaints I have heard of the burdens and costs associated with this bill. It would not surprise me if the leaders of organized labor have been on the phone calling particularly our Democratic colleagues over the last 24 hours concerned about the burdens and costs associated with this bill.  First of all, I find it absolutely astounding, given the pervasiveness of union corruption, that some of our colleagues are worried about the incremental cost of stopping that corruption, the cost of giving union workers the same quality assurance answers that we are prepared to give corporate shareholders in the underlying bill.  I do not hear any complaints about the cost of a new accounting oversight board or the cost of corporate responsibility or enhanced disclosure requirements in the Sarbanes bill. Why not? Because the accountants and executives are the ones responsible for the fraud and deception of investors. But for some reason, when it comes to unions, some of our colleagues speak less about the cost to the workers being ripped off and more about the burdens this amendment will place on unions whose officials are responsible for the greed and corruption documented in the binder I just held up a few minutes ago which represented only half of the year 2002.  We hear that unions are saddled with too many requirements on their financial statements. I am not concerned with the quantity of disclosure requirements. I am only concerned about the quality of that disclosure, specifically whether the information is accurate and certified as such for the benefit of the dues-paying American union workers.  We hear that we do not need audits. Some have said we do not need audits because the Department of Labor can conduct enforcement audits, if necessary. Well, let's play with that logic a little. If that is the case, we do not need public corporations to be audited either. Let's get the SEC to conductenforcement audits. Could you imagine the uproar if someone suggested that? And no one has.  Think about the message this would send to American workers that it is not worth requiring your union to assure you that your money is going where they say it is; just take a number and hope the Department conducts an audit of your union.  At any rate, the Department, as most Federal agencies, needs more money to conduct the few enforcement audits that they conduct. The Deputy Secretary of the Department of Labor testified recently that the number of departmental audits has fallen from 1,583 in 1984 to a mere 238 last year, and the President has requested an additional $3.4 million and 40 new staff positions to combat union fraud.  We hear that audits will be too expensive. Here is an easy tip for union officials to save money: Stop stealing it. That is a good way to save money. My amendment only requires audits to any union that already bears the cost of filing financial disclosure statements. In other words, this would apply only to unions that already have to file financial disclosure statements. That is unions with receipts topping $200,000 annually. It goes to my original point. If you have to file an annual report, it ought to be verified as accurate.  We hear that smaller unions will be hit hardest by having to conduct an audit. Well, there is no national one-rate plan for audits of which I am aware. As any professional service, the rates are proportional to the size and scope of the client. Obviously, a union with $500,000 is not going to pay in audit fees what a $60 million corporation pays for an audit.  Let me close this part of my remarks with a simple suggestion for my colleagues who have been tricked into worrying about the cost this amendment would impose on unions. Just imagine this: the cost to American workers of not requiring audits. Let us think about the cost to American workers of not requiring audits: More embezzlement, more crooked bookkeeping, more abuse and concealment of workers' hard-earned money.  We do not need more embezzlement, more crooked bookkeeping, and more concealment of workers' hard-earned money. We have a choice. We can extend to American workers the same financial protection afforded corporate shareholders, or we can extend to unions the ability to continue to pilfer and profit off the workers' money. That is the choice.  How much time do I have remaining?  