 On this painful anniversary, they do not stand alone in their grief. All Americans of all faiths, colors, and creeds mourn the senseless loss of life on September 11, 2001.  The war on terrorism is a fight against evil forces bent on destroying America and our many freedoms. President Bush said this war will be unlike any we have ever seen, and he is certainly right. This is a war without borders and one in which the battle must be brought to the enemy, lest terrorists strike again on our own soil.  In the long proud arc of our Republic, America's courage has been too great, its values too strong, and its freedoms too dear to ever be turned back by an enemy. As we stand at the beginning of a new century, I am certain in the knowledge that we will prevail again.  Madam President, the watchwords for Kentuckians and all Americans on this day must be: Never again.  I think we can safely say that 1 year after September 11, 2001, we have ended the first chapter in the book about the war on terrorism. But the second chapter is going to be, in many ways, much more challenging.  The President and many of us in this Chamber are haunted by the notion that a year ago today, had those planes been full of something other than gasoline--a chemical weapon, a biological weapon or, worse still, a nuclear weapon--all of the destruction that we remember so vividly today would have been dramatically worse.  We will have before us in the Senate in the next few weeks a resolution giving the President the authority he will be seeking, and we will need to give him, to begin to launch the second chapter in this war, which is to target weapons of mass destruction, wherever they may be in the world, in the hands of leaders or gangs who wish to use them against our own people here at home.  This is a new doctrine the President will be laying down. In the past, we have turned the other cheek, if you will; we have waited to be attacked, and then we have responded. But that approach, when one considers the devastation of weapons of mass destruction, is simply unacceptable. The American people will not accept a strategy based upon responding after the next attack on our own soil using weapons of mass destruction.  This will be one of the most important debates we will have in the history of this body, and it will come up in the next few weeks. It will be an appropriate memorial and remembrance to those who lost their lives a year ago today as a result of a conventional attack. Were they alive today, I am sure they would applaud our efforts to prevent another attack with weapons even more devastating on other Americans here at home.  Make no mistake about it, this is the new challenge of the 21st century: Weapons of mass destruction in the hands of gangs such as al-Qaida or regimes such as the one in Baghdad used on Americans here at home by people who really are against modernity, who want to roll the clock back to the Middle Ages where women had no rights, where people had no opportunity to speak or to worship as they chose.  This is a war between modernity and the Middle Ages. Our enemies are quite intelligent and resourceful, and this challenge is going to go on for quite some time.  In conclusion, this would be a fitting memorial to those who died a year ago today, that America in a very proactive way seeks to prevent the next attack in the United States using weapons of mass destruction.  I yield the floor.  