 President, today we bid farewell in an official sort of way to our friend and colleague from North Carolina, whose career has, indeed, been extraordinary. As Senator Lott and Senator Gregg have said, if you took a poll around here of people who actually work in the Capitol--the pages, the staff, and the Senators--Senator Helms would win hands down as the nicest man in the Senate.  There is an extraordinary disconnect between the Jesse Helms that we know and love and the one portrayed in the media, an incredible disconnect, because nothing could be further from the real Jesse Helms than the one frequently portrayed by the fourth estate.  How did that come about? I think it came about for this reason, as was said of our friend Jesse by Fred Barns, one of the most respected conservative columnists and commentators around town:       Helms has gained respect, not as many conservatives have,      by moving left. Helms has earned it the hard way, by not      moving at all.  By not moving at all. There are convenience politicians and politicians with conviction. Jesse Helms is the most conspicuous example in the Senate today of a politician who acts on conviction. So as a result of that, he enjoys wide respect throughout the Senate, both left and right, because we know when Jesse speaks he is speaking from the heart. He is doing exactly what he thinks is in the best interest of his State and in the best interest of America.  There is an enormous temptation once you come here, even if you think you are somewhat conservative, to try to please your critics; to pick up the editorial page of the New York Times or Washington Post every morning and just move in that direction because there is a tendency on the part of everyone, and I think particularly those in public life, to want to be liked. They want to be appreciated. Senator Helms has resisted that temptation.  After I first came to the Senate--of course, I had admired him for many years--I went by his office to see him, and I looked up on his wall and there was a vast collection of cartoons. I am sure Senator Helms will agree with me, not many of them were complimentary. It struck me instantly that this was a man who really delighted in confounding his critics; in not yielding to those kinds of attacks. That, it seems to me, is a man of principle and of conviction.  Jesse and I had one other thing in common. That was the burden of dealing with a particular agricultural commodity that is quite common in our two States. I might say to my friend, Senator Helms, I had a chief of staff one time who said you ought to get combat pay for working for a Kentucky Senator because on the agenda every week, of course, we had the tobacco issue, America's most politically incorrect activity. So as soon as I got to the Senate in 1985, I was immediately thrown into one of the many crises. It seems as if we have nothing but crises in the tobacco area. But indeed the crisis of the day in 1985 was the Tobacco Reform Act. I had a chance to get to know Jesse up close and personal very quickly after getting to the Senate because we had a common interest in trying to protect the income and the livelihood of thousands of tobacco growers in our State who make a living raising a legal crop.  These are Godfearing, honest people engaged in a legal activity who have been under assault certainly for as long as I have been here, and I know it started before I got here. So Jesse and I had a bonding experience trying to deal with the politics of tobacco, a situation in which tobacco growing is popular in two States and which is widely looked down on in 48 others. Those are some of the challenges we have shared over the years.  I also have particularly appreciated Senator Helms' strength and conviction in the foreign policy area, an area to which you have devoted an enormous amount of your time during your service here. There is no question you have made an enormous difference through your leadership as both chairman and ranking Member of the Foreign Relations Committee. We all look up to you. We admire your work.  As others have said, and as others will say after I sit down, you will be missed around here. We love you and we love Dot. It won't quite seem the same with you not around. But I know that you will go back home and enjoy North Carolina and enjoy your family.I am confident you will keep up with what we are up to, and, if you disapprove of anything we are doing, I expect you will call us. We will look forward to receiving your advice.  Let me say good-bye in an official sort of way to your tenure here in the Senate. I quoted Washingtonian Magazine which recognized Jesse Helms as ``The Nicest Senator.''  I yield the floor.  