 President, I regretfully rise in opposition to the Harkin amendment. This amendment proposes to add a new grant program of $40 million to the cost of the bill over 4 years. Unlike the other grant programs authorized by this bill, this amendment proposes to fund just one organization with the $40 million. That one entity is the protection and advocacy system, a federally mandated program currently in place and functioning with an office in each State.  In Kentucky this office is a division of State government, but I understand in other States the office functions as a nonprofit organization. The protection and advocacy system is a federally mandated program that receives funding from several different Federal sources as well as funding from each State. This organization has offices in each State, and they advocate on behalf of people with disabilities. The protection and advocacy system can mediate, intervene, counsel, investigate, and even sue on behalf of those it represents.  I have a couple of concerns about this amendment. First, I can appreciate the important work this group does. In fact, there are numerous groups out there that provide important and meaningful assistance to people with disabilities. I wholeheartedly support their efforts. But the group singled out by this amendment is already well funded by the Federal Government. They receive funding through Health and Human Services, the Department of Education, and even the Social Security Administration. I am not sure giving this particular group another $40 million makes sense when we can just as easily spend $40 million on numerous other causes that are actually underfunded or not funded at all.  The States are in dire financial straits. We could certainly devote this money to helping them make additional election administration improvements and upgrades.  Protection and advocacy systems do not need this amendment to broaden their mandate to encompass accessibility. That is already included in their broad statutory mandate. This amendment seeks only to increase the funding of one organization, an increase that nearly doubles the amount this group received last year. But as I said a moment ago, there are many worthwhile groups out there that provide services to help people with disabilities. They, too, would like an additional source of Federal funding. Some of these groups have contacted my office, and I am sure my colleagues have heard from them as well.  Other groups that help the disabled are calling my office and asking the question: Why does the protection and advocacy system get additional funding? We do good work, and we could use additional funds to help ensure full participation in the electoral process.  These other groups are probably right. They do good work and could use additional money. But if we proceed down that road, we will soon deplete all the funds available under this bill. If we increase the funding for every group out there that does good work and may in fact need additional money, we will soon spend the entire Social Security surplus.  If we had unlimited funds available, this amendment would be one of several good uses for that additional money. If we had unlimited funds available, I would propose additional funding for a host of organizations that do good works, some of which are in my home State and have said they could use the money. But we do not have unlimited funds available, and for that reason I do not think we should earmark additional money exclusively for this one organization, especially when that organization already received millions--millions--in Federal and State funds.  Other disability advocacy groups see this amendment as unfairly benefitingan organization that is already well funded by the Federal Government and already effectively advocates on behalf of those with disabilities. It seems these other advocates of the disabled have a very good point.  There is one other concern with the amendment that has been expressed by my colleagues and by several election officials. Because the protection and advocacy systems are authorized by Federal statute to sue, many are concerned that this amendment would essentially fund litigation against our State and local election officials.  There are at least two provisions in the Federal laws governing protection and advocacy systems that govern suits against States. One provision says:       Nothing in this title shall preclude a system from bringing      a suit on behalf of individuals with developmental      disabilities against a State, or an agency or an      instrumentality of a State.  The other provision says, in part:       . . . such system shall have the authority to pursue legal      . . . remedies or approaches to ensure the protection of, and      advocacy for, the rights of such individuals within the      State. . . .  Now it may be that some protection and advocacy systems do not sue that often. But the fact remains that they can sue and they do sue. In fact, their broad authorization allows them to sue a State and an agency or instrumentality of a State.  Unfortunately, the election officials I have heard from are not particularly comforted by claims that these groups ``don't sue that often.'' These groups may very well need the ability to sue when they advocate on behalf of disabled people who face illegal discrimination in employment or in housing. But when it comes to elections, this bill seeks to help States improve elections systems and comply with the law. This bill makes great efforts to encourage States to upgrade their systems and work in a cooperative manner with the Federal Government.  If this amendment is agreed to, we will essentially be giving money to the States to help them upgrade their election systems with one hand and we will be giving money to an outside group to help them potentially sue the States with the other.  Of course, States will then have to devote even more resources to defend against lawsuits, and the real cost of this amendment goes even higher. Perhaps we should set up a separate stream of funding for States to use to defend themselves against frivolous lawsuits, or, if we wanted to fund litigation, I am sure my colleague, the senior Senator from Missouri, would suggest a few groups that could use some Federal money to investigate instances of voter fraud and pursue litigation.  As I said earlier, I support the important work done by the States for the disabled, as we all do. I support making voting easier for the disabled, which this bill does. And I think this bill makes great strides for the disabled, thanks largely to the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Dodd, who is very passionate about this issue. But I think this amendment would do some harm to the delicate balance we have achieved with the bill.  Folks with disabilities should be able to vote. There are numerous groups out there that provide education and assistance to help make that happen. In fact, this bill makes grant money available that States can use for outreach and education for the disabled. But I do not think it is wise to fund one group exclusively when there are so many other similar groups that could benefit from a special earmark.  Nothing in the underlying bill prevents the protection and advocacy system from consulting with election officials. They can and do already consult with State governments on these issues.  For all of those reasons, I hope this amendment will not be agreed to when we ultimately have the vote.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Carper). The Senator from Iowa.  