Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, we heard this was a back-door attempt to change our energy policy. Well, we have a failing energy policy in the United States with the oil men in the White House, and it would be good to change it; but I would say actually this is a front-door attempt to lower the price of gasoline for American consumers and American business. Every penny costs American consumers a billion dollars at the pump. Every penny costs the aviation industry a billion dollars in profits.  So if it only came down 2 cents, like the gentleman says, well, that is 2 billion bucks for the aviation industry, a couple billion bucks in the pockets of American consumers, but maybe that is chump change around here. I do not think so. That is real money to the American people.  But beyond that, it is kind of interesting to say if George Bush took action and released some oil, it would only drop a penny or two, I guess maybe because he would work with the industry to keep the price up, because when President Clinton ordered the release of 30 million barrels of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve in 2000, the price of gas fell by 14 cents. Well, maybe that is just because he is a Democrat. That took 2 weeks.  Well, then, let us go back to President George H.W. Bush. He released 13, only 13 million barrels of crude oil, about what we are talking about here, from the SPRO in 1991, and crude oil prices dropped by $10 per barrel. So there are precedents. This is not insignificant. We are not talking about pennies, but even pennies would bring relief to Americans. The last time I drove to the bagel store near my house in east Springfield, I went by a gas station, and the price changed between the time I went in there to the BuyMart store and went back home. It went up. Let us bring it down. Let us change the direction.  Now, a number of us have asked the President to file a World Trade Organization complaint. We passed legislation that costs $154 billion just before this because of a complaint filed against the United States at the World Trade Organization. Now, I do not support the WTO and I voted against it; but, hey, we are in it, this President loves it, and we are passing legislation to comply with it.  Why will he not file a complaint against the eight member nations of OPEC? Eight of them are in the World Trade Organization. They are violating the World Trade Organization every day. They are colluding to restrict supply and drive up the price of oil, but this President will do nothing. He will not file that complaint. I have written to him twice. They will not file the complaint.  I guess it is too much to ask this administration to take positive action to help bring down the price of oil. If they cannot take positive action, maybe a little bit of inaction. Stop filling the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. I hope I do not get anybody fired, because this administration does not like people to say reasonable things that go against their stubborn beliefs, but the staff at the Strategic Petroleum Reserve recommended 2 years ago that we stop filling the reserve because ``Commercial inventories are low, retail prices are high and economic growth is slow. The government should avoid acquiring oil for the reserve under these circumstances.''  We are not talking about doing away with the reserve and the insurance policy. We are talking about taking prudent steps at a time when we are paying sky-high prices for oil to show the world that we are going to protect our consumers and stop the price gouging, but I guess that is too much to ask of the oil men down at the White House.  