Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this issue.  Of course, the interesting thing is that we in the Pacific Northwest were the tail of the dog here. On manipulated markets for profit in California, they drove up wholesale markets West-wide. In fact, some 570 days they manipulated markets. It has now been found to be more than 460 days.  The gentleman might remember the meeting we had with Vice President Cheney just about 3 years ago now. We got a bipartisan meeting together and Democrats and Republicans came together and said to the Vice President, as Northwesterners we are really concerned about what is happening with electricity prices, $2,000, $3,000 a megawatt. This cannot be market forces at work. Energy is usually selling at $30 a megawatt, $40 a megawatt. Out in the Pacific Northwest, it is 50, 100 times more.  You probably remember the Vice President. He dismissed us with his usual, it is hard to say, I guess sneer would be the best way to say, and say we just simply did not understand, poor little babies. These were market forces at work. This had nothing to do with market manipulation, absolutely nothing; and if we did not build a 500 megawatt plant a week for 16 years, this would continue, $2,000, $3,000 megawatt energy.  A funny thing happened on the way to the market forces here, and that is, the Senate changed hands. Diane Feinstein then managed to schedule a hearing to bring in the people from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and other people from the Bush administration to have them testify on the record under oath about these market forces; and you know what, they suddenly decided there was market manipulation. They quickly imposed price caps, and then the whole thing began to unravel.  They protected their contributing class of Mr. Lay and others as long as they could. As these gentlemen said here in these transcripts, Enron was the single largest contributor to George Bush, and Ken Lay was the single largest individual contributor to George Bush over his lifetime until this campaign. He may still well be contributing and the President may still be taking his money. Ken Lay has not gone to jail yet so I guess he can still contribute.  