Speaker, if I could, we are politicians talking. I was doing a round of town hall meetings in my district, and this is a pretty short letter so I would like to read it. Rayburn M. South, Oakland, Oregon, rural town in Oregon, and he wrote what he considered to be the State of the Union.  He said, I could not afford a new car. He is an older gentleman, does not have a large income, $18,000 to $20,000. I bought a used car and drove it home. Looking it over, it was made in Mexico, a Nissan. I had to buy a jack so I could service my car. Went to Sears, bought a Craftsman jack. Came home, unpacked it. Made in China. Then I needed a pair of shoes. Came home, looked at the bottom of the shoe. Made in China. Ran out of batteries for my light. Came home, took the paper off the batteries, maximum alkaline batteries. Made in China. Christmas came. Someone gave me a shirt. Cutting the tape out, one read ``Made in China.'' Then my TV went on the blink. Looked around at TVs. Bought a good old RCA. I thought it was a good old American brand. Brought it home, unpacked it. Made in Mexico. Then I called my cousin in North Carolina. She was laid off. Her job went to Mexico. I called my other cousin in North Carolina. She is working 2 days a week. She does not know where her job is going. Seems like the people in China and Mexico are doing pretty good. We have a Congress, Senate, and President. Surely there is something you can do to help our people. Something stinks. Sincerely, Rayburn M. South, Oakland, Oregon.  He speaks with more wisdom than most of our colleagues here in Congress who are ignoring the reality of this problem and just saying, oh, just hang in there, something will happen. Well, the something that is happening is really pretty bad.  As I think I said earlier, they told us if only the value of the dollar drops, our goods will become cheaper, and we will sell more abroad. The value of the dollar is down 35 percent, and yet the amount of goods that we imported is up over a year ago by $5 billion, a deficit in goods. So how far does the dollar have to drop and what are the implications for the U.S. consumers and our standing in the world if the dollar gets into something like Argentina?  I spoke a couple of years ago to a couple of economists, and I said I am pretty worried. I look at Argentina, and I said, I think that used to be one of the wealthiest countries in this hemisphere. They have an educated populace and a lot of stuff going for them, and look. I said their economic collapse is extraordinary. I said, but when I look at where we are, their deficit in trade was less than ours as a percent of GDP and their foreign debt was obviously much, much lower than ours. We owe over $2 trillion around the world because of these trade policies. I said, I think maybe we could become Argentina.  I said to these economists, I think this could happen in 5 or 8 years. And they sort of leaned over to one another and whispered; and then one of them said, no, no, no, it will take at least 10. But the response was not, no, we are not at risk of becoming Argentina; no, we are not hollowing out our wealth, our manufacturing, our future; no, we are not exporting new technology jobs; no, everything is going to work out. The response was, well, it will take a little longer than that to totally destroy our standing in the world and our economy.  That is a pretty alarming statement; but they said, oh, yeah, that is kind of the way things are going.  