Speaker, the previous gentleman would not yield to my colleague, but it is the FDA's own assistant commissioner, Mr. Hubbard, who said they have seen no unsafe drugs from Canada but have found adulterated drugs in our relatively unregulated secondary wholesale market. So the gentleman is wrong on that. He said he has seen them. He ought to contact the FDA.  Mr. Speaker, there is some room for agreement here. There is a problem in the affordability of insurance, health insurance for many Americans and businesses, medical malpractice insurance for many doctors. But guess what? It has spilled over into car insurance, homeowners insurance, personal liability insurance. It seems to be a big crisis in the health insurance industry. And is it that there is this whole new tide of claims in these areas? No, it is because the industry mismanaged its funds.  It is an industry that is exempt from antitrust laws of the United States of America. They can and do collude to fix prices, redline people, and choose who they want to cover and who they do not. So they are sticking it to the docs and the American people and American businesses who buy health insurance in all lines of insurance.  So one logical thing to do would be to subject the health insurance industry to the same rules that every other industry in the United States of America has to follow, make them follow antitrust laws, do not allow them to collude to set prices. But since they are such generous contributors to the other side of the aisle and to the President, oh, no, we are not going to make them like other industries, we are not going to make them competitive, let us give them a little gift here. We are going to go after other ways of dealing with this problem.  Of course, the other way of dealing with this problem is exactly the same bill passed by the House of Representatives last year which is not going to pass the Senate. So why are we here today? We are here today because they want to remind their political contributors they did this last year and they can do it again this year. The Senate is not going to do it. They do not want to really legislate. They do not want to come up with compromises that might pass.  There is a problem in affordability and access. There is a problem for both citizens and for docs to get the health insurance that they need. We are losing specialties. All those things are true, but their conclusion is to bail out their friends, the HMOs, the pharmaceutical companies, the insurance industry, not to help the docs, because there is not going to be a bill, and not to help the American people get affordable health insurance.  Mr. Speaker, there are better ways to deal with this problem. A number of States have adopted things that are called soft caps. The bill the other side of the aisle is trying to pass here today was brought up by initiative petition in my State. We hear people in America want this legislation. Guess what? In my State, which I think is a pretty good cross-section, the initiative for hard caps at $250,000 when people saw the egregious things that happen to some people through negligence, was rejected 4 to 1. The other side of the aisle is telling us the American people want this solution. No, the American people want access to their doctors, and they want access to affordable health insurance. But the other side is not going to do either of those things today because it would go against the economic interests of some of their most generous political contributors.  This is identical to legislation passed in the House of Representatives last year, but here we are doing it again for political purposes, not legislative purposes.  