Chairman, it was just over a year ago that House Budget Committee Chairman Jim Nussle said, ``I don't like deficits, I don't want deficits, and I won't pretend deficits don't matter.'' Yet, the budget we're considering today, which he drafted along with the House Republican leadership, would make federal budget deficits worse, not better. Relative to current law, the Republican resolution will increase the deficit by $247 billion over the next 5 years and $1.6 trillion over the next 10 years.  The Republicans claim their budget will cut the deficit in half by 2009. That claim is only accurate if you ignore the fact that they use every penny of the surplus Social Security revenue to mask the true size of the deficit. Two years ago Chairman Nussle said, ``I don't know how many times we have to say it: We are not going to spend the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.'' Apparently, he's suffering from amnesia because the reality this year is that the Republican party is proposing to do exactly that, every single penny. If you don't count the Social Security money the Republicans are proposing to borrow, the deficit this year will be $550 billion and will be $471 billion in 2009, which is not exactly cutting the deficit in half.  Under the Republican plan, the debt held by the public, which excludes Social Security, will rise from $4.4 trillion today to $5.9 trillion by 2009. The total federal debt will rise from $7.4 trillion today to $10.5 trillion in 2009. The ``debt tax'' a family of four owes on this debt will rise from $4,400 this year to $7,000 by 2009. Interest payments on the debt will rise from $154 billion today to $296 billion by 2009, rising from approximately 7 percent of the total federal budget to 11 percent.  This debt load is clearly not sustainable. It unfairly burdens our children, grandchildren and their children with a debt they did not accumulate. And, it puts our country more and more in hock to foreign investors. The top two owners of U.S. government debt are Japan and China. I do not believe it is in the interests of our country to continue to run large budget deficits financed by China or Japan for that matter.  You might think that in the face of these deficits, the House Republican leadership would make a serious attempt to restore some semblance of sanity to the federal budget. You would be wrong. But, please don't think they are in denial about the scope of the problem. They know exactly what they're doing. The debt escalation is a conscious--though disingenuous--policy the Republican party is pursuing in order to force drastic cuts in programs they don't like, but that the American people support.  The House Republicans are willfully digging the budget hole deeper--and are putting the financial stability of our country at risk--by providing $153 billion in tax cuts through 2009, including maintaining the repeal of the estate tax and reductions in capital gains and dividend taxes, which overwhelmingly benefit the wealthiest Americans, those who make more than $300,000 a year. Over 10 years, the cost of the tax cuts in the Republican budget will cost $1.2 trillion.  Now, my colleagues on other side of the aisle will protest that it is spending, not tax cuts, that have driven the sudden appearance of record budget deficits. While their rigid ideology may cause them to believe that, it happens not to be true. Republicans have repeatedly refused to acknowledge the obvious role tax cuts have played in the $9 trillion reversal in the 10-year budget projections since Bush took office.  According to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office, tax cuts are responsible for 36 percent of the deterioration in the surplus, spending increases are responsible for 28 percent, technical changes--primarily lower revenue assumptions--are responsible for 27 percent, and the recession is responsible for 9 percent.  Looking more in-depth at the aforementioned spending increases, the vast majority of the spending increases were in the areas of defense and homeland security, and were requested by President Bush. From 2001 to 2003, an average of 70 percent of the spending increases went to defense, 14 percent went to homeland security, and 11 percent went to NYC, aviation, and international aid.  When Republicans talk about reducing ``government spending,'' they are generally referring to non-defense discretionary spending. While Republicans act as if non-defense discretionary spending only includes wasteful welfare programs, the reality is that it includes law enforcement programs, education, veterans, environmental protection, health care, Army Corps, energy, etc. Congress could eliminate the entire non-defense, non-homeland security portion of the federal budget--$391 billion--and the budget would still be in deficit by several hundred billion dollars.  I agree there are federal programs that deserve to be eliminated or reduced. I support reducing the space program, agriculture subsidies, weapon systems that are irrelevant to meeting today's threats, and foreign aid, among other areas.  However, spending restraint alone cannot solve the deficit problem. Getting the federal budget under control will require discipline on both spending and taxation. That is why the budgets I am supporting today contain both spending and restraint and reductions in tax relief to the wealthiest one percent of income earners and multinational corporations.  I am also a cosponsor of stand-alone legislation, H.R. 3995, the Aspiring Fiscal Honesty and Accountability Act of 2004, to impose some discipline on the federal budget process. This legislation would cap discretionary spending for the next 3 years at the same level requested by President Bush. The bill would also reinstate the so-called ``pay-as-you-go'' rules that helped bring the budget into balance in the late 1990s. These rules require that any legislative changes that would increase the deficit--whether spending increases or tax cuts--must be offset by cuts or revenue increases somewhere else in the budget. H.R. 3995 would also reform the ``emergency'' spending loophole that allows Congress to spend billions of dollars a year outside the normal budget process.  Finally, I disagree with the spending priorities in the Republican budget. For example, the Republican budget provides $8.8 billion less for education programs than the $34.3 billion authorized by the No Child Left Behind Act for 2005. That means local school districts will continue to struggle with the unfunded mandates of the President's key education initiative.  And, inexplicably, the House Republican budget follows the President's lead by cutting programs to assist America's small businesses. There are 23 million small businesses in the United States, representing 99 percent of all employers. The generate three-fourths of all new jobs. They create more than half of our GDP. Small technology companies are the trailblazers, producing 13-14 times more patents per employees than large firms. Small companies employ 40 percent of high-tech workers. Funding for the Small Business Administration has decreased every year since President Bush took office. If the Republicans have their way, the microloan and New Market Venture Capital programs will be eliminated, funding for Women's Business Centers, technical assistance, and technology programs will be cut, and the SBA's largest loan program, the 7(a) programs, will be slashed and fees will be increased. These policies are harmful at any time, but they are particularly detrimental to our Nation's small businesses during a time of economic instability.  The Republican budget provides $1.3 billion less for veterans programs in 2005 than what the House Committee on Veterans Affairs recommended on a bipartisan basis. It provides $2 billion less for veterans programs than what veterans themselves requested in their Independent Budget proposal.  That is why veterans organizations, including Veterans of Foreign Wars, Disabled American Veterans, AMVETS, and the Paralyzed Veterans of America have called the Republican budget ``half-hearted'' and ``ill-advised''. They urged a vote against it and said the Republican budget ``would be a disservice to those men and women who have served this country and who are currently serving in Iraq, Afghanistan, and around the world in our fight against terrorism.''  I am also concerned that the Republican budget cuts homeland security funding by $857 million below even the level requested by President Bush, which includes cuts to port security grants and cuts to grants for our Nation's first responders like police and firefighters.  Because the Republican budget borrows so much money, runs up record budget deficits, and still fails to adequately fund priority programs that Oregonians depend on, I will vote against the Republican budget.  