Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. This is a must read for every American who is concerned about the future of our country, whether we will continue to be the leading industrial power in the world, whether there will be a future for Social Security, what will the rules of trade be and what are the objectives. This is the economic report of the President.  Now, we have to give the President's Chair of his Board of Economic Advisors, Council of Economic Advisors appointed by the President, full confidence of the President, we have to give him some credit, because he is distressingly honest. In this book on page 229, he talks about the fact that one of the great benefits of trade is that when a good or service is produced more cheaply abroad, it makes more sense to import it than to make or provide it domestically. Of course he does not deal with the fact that Chinese labor is oppressed and abused, that they have no protections in their workplace. Basically if someone gets their arm torn off operating a machine in China, they drag him away from the machine and put a new worker there, and then, after that, they might tend to some basic first aid before they send that person home or to the graveyard, but there are no benefits or significant health care provided. So they are recommending that the U.S. workers should somehow have to compete with this.  Now, it would be one thing if this was sort of a self-generated thing on the part of China or Mexico or any one of these other countries that are stealing our jobs. But guess what? It is being done with U.S. capital which are being subsidized with our tax cuts. Not only are we borrowing money from the Social Security Trust Fund to give to the wealthiest of Americans in tax cuts, we are also borrowing money, given our deficit situation, to subsidize the largest corporations in the world through OPIC, the Overseas Private Investment Council, and others, to export American jobs.  Now, I mean, I think that is one place where conservatives, who are against government subsidies, and progressives, who are against undermining the U.S. economy and the wage and labor standards of Americans and our standard of living as a whole and our industrial infrastructure, have some grounds for agreement. Let us at least repeal the taxpayer subsidies, the borrowed money that is subsidizing these corporations to export jobs overseas.  But again, Mr. Mankiw, the President's chief economic adviser, in his official report to the American people this year, the economic report of the President, he says, shipping jobs to low-cost countries is the latest manifestation of the gains from trade that economists have talked about for centuries.  Now, we have to wonder what that gain is, how illusory it is, when the American middle class is being devastated by these exports. A few years ago when the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown) and I opposed NAFTA, they said, oh, you Congressmen, you are like dinosaurs. You want to protect those old, inefficient manufacturing jobs. Do not worry, it will just be the low-skilled jobs that go to Mexico. Well, of course, that was a lie, and what we found out was that most of the major U.S. auto manufacturers were willing to invest in state-of-the-art plants in Mexico to access that cheap labor, and then reimport those vehicles into the U.S. And guess what? Theprice did not go down for U.S. consumers, but many U.S. families, those who used to be able to buy the product because they worked in the factories, could not afford to buy that product anymore.  But then as things evolved, and the trade deficit began to accelerate over this last decade; when I introduced legislation to establish the U.S. Trade Deficit Review Commission in 1997, the trade deficit was $111 billion. It is almost quaint today. We are talking about $500 billion. We are going to borrow a half a trillion dollars to finance the purchase of goods overseas by Americans. We are going to borrow another $700 billion to run the Government of the United States and to give tax cuts to the wealthiest of Americans. And a substantial amount of this money, almost all of the $500 billion and 40 percent of the $700 billion, is going to come from overseas. We are giving unbelievable leverage to those bastions of democracy like China, who is now the largest holder of U.S. debt, and others who may not have the best interests of the American workers or our economy in mind. But in any case, Mr. Mankiw thinks this is just fine.  Now, the President has tried to back away from this a little bit. He did that famous press event in front of a bunch of boxes which they had to repaint. Actually they said, oh, it was just an overzealous intern from the White House at one of his unbelievable staged press events that cost an average of $400,000 each paid for by the American taxpayers, of course; the boxes, when he went to this one particular plant, all said ``Made in China'' on them, but he wanted to talk about American jobs; a little embarrassing. So this, of course, intern, with no direction from the political staff at the White House or anybody else, somehow came up with all new labels to run through and label them all ``Made in the U.S.,'' of course another lie.  So what they are doing, Mr. Mankiw is an unbelievably honest man, because he admits that they are exporting jobs, and they think that is good because it makes a few people rich and just impoverishes a majority of the people in this country, and deprives them of their livelihoods, and undermines the industrial and economic might of our country; but the President is trying to pretend that he does not really believe in this stuff, but I guess why is his signature on page 4 if he does not really believe in it? There it is, the President's signature on this report, basically endorsing these policies.  We cannot continue this way. Do we know what that means? Let us break it down a little bit, and then I will yield back to the gentleman. Our current trade deficit, that is the amount of money we are borrowing from overseas to finance the purchase of goods, many of those goods manufactured by formerly U.S.-based corporations that have now seen fit to chase cheap labor and lack of environmental standards and other things overseas, is $1.5 billion a day. Mr. Speaker, $1.5 thousand million a day.  Now, how is that sustainable? That is $1 million per minute of U.S. wealth that is flooding overseas, giving unbelievable leverage to foreign governments over the U.S. dollar.  Just one last point on this, and then I am certain we will get on to other things. What do the economists say? Oh, do not worry, it has always been this way. What will happen is the U.S. dollar will decline, our goods will become cheaper, and then we will begin exporting again. But as I said to a number of these economists, none of whom can answer this question, I said, I understand how that used to work when we made things, but when we do not make things anymore, how does that work? If the dollar gets cheaper, then all of those imported goods we are buying become more expensive. We will see inflation in the United States. We will see the dollar continue to drop. We will see higher interest rates in the United States. We will see the dollar continue to drop.  We are headed toward an incredible economic train wreck here. And the chief engineer, George Bush, who signed this report, thinks it is just fine. Because guess what? A few tens of thousands of people, CEOs, his buddies, his principal campaign contributors, they are all going to make out like bandits. The profits are up. Wall Street's profits are up. We are just having this little problem called a jobless recovery; jobless because those jobs have been exported. The means of the production has been exported. The industrial might of this country has been exported. And I would say to the hawks on that side of the aisle, in fact, you are exporting the capability of defending the United States in the future against adversaries around the world.  With that, I am happy to yield back to the gentleman for a little further discourse on this.  