Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time, and I thank my colleagues for considering this legislation today and certainly hope that it is successfully passed by the House later this evening.  Mr. Speaker, this is an issue upon which I and other members of the Oregon delegation have been working for a number of years. The issue of Winchester Bay, Salmon Harbor, and the Dunes access, which is an extremely popular OHV area, has been a growing problem because of the growing popularity. This is sort of a bright light on the coast of Oregon where the economy has been lagging and so many other industries are in a depressed state. The tourism and the support this provides for local community and small businesses is very welcome.  What has been happening is that, because of a county campground nearer to the harbor and other camping, a number of people have been driving their OHVs actually on the road to access the nearest point into the Oregon Dunes National Recreation Area. That causes obviously congestion, conflicts with other vehicles on the road, and in some cases has been very problematic in the community and been a law enforcement problem on some of the big holiday weekends. This could be easily rectified, and hopefully will be today, by transferring this parcel of land.  I visited the parcel in question. It is extraordinarily underutilized at the moment. It is virtually unpoliced because of the cutbacks in BLM law enforcement and Forest Service law enforcement because of the Federal budget. There have been problems there with illegal camping, with the use offires in areas that are not contained, and with the dumping of trash. If we are successful in implementing this legislation today, we will see control pass to the county who will properly police it, who will develop it into a regular campsite, and who will provide excellent access for OHV users without having to drive on the public roads. They will be directly adjacent to the Dunes National Recreation Area.  This legislation, as passed by the Senate, is identical to legislation introduced into the House, H.R. 514, by myself and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. Walden). So since this is identical, and I believe it enjoys extraordinary widespread and bipartisan support, as the gentleman from Arizona already pointed out. I would recommend this legislation to my colleagues and urge that everyone vote in its favor so that we can enhance these recreational opportunities and protect the public health and safety and do just a little bit to help the economy of the south coast of Oregon.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his generous grant of time.  