Chairman, I do not rise to defend the Transportation Security Administration as a paragon of efficiency, although I have been impressed in recent meetings, hearings, closed and open door, with the acting head, Admiral Stone. And in particular, he seems to be willing to address the enduring problems with the centralized bureaucracy, the fact that hiring, firing, management decisions, scheduling decisions are all being made out of Washington, D.C. instead of at the local level by the local Federal Security Director.  But I want to give him a chance to succeed. I want to make the system work as well as possible. And the cap that has been imposed, I think out of frustration by members of this committee, which is shared by members of the Subcommittee on Aviation and the Select Committee on Homeland Security, about the past problems with management of this agency is not the right solution.  We talk about right sizing the TSA. Well, the way to do that would be to do a bottom-up assessment of what is necessary to meet the mandates of the Transportation Security Act, to screen the baggage, to properly screen the passengers.  It is my understanding that in the near future we may hear that the Transportation Security Administration is going to fill the huge gap where individuals who work in the airport, vendors and others, caterers, would have to go through screening on a daily basis, which will increase the load. Passenger loads are coming back as people return to the air. But because of this arbitrary cap of 45,000, we find out that according to the GAO we are not meeting the mandate on 100 percent electronic baggage screening because of staffing shortages.  The Secretary of Transportation, Secretary Mineta, has abandoned the promise and the contract with the American traveling public that they will wait no more than 15 minutes in line. There have been lines reported at some airports up to 4 and 5 hours; 1 and 2 hours are regularly at other airports. That means the airlines are losing more and more of their business travelers, which is causing the industry tremendous problems.  We need predictability when business travelers and others go to the airport. We need some assurances that they will be able to get through expeditiously and quickly. And even more than that, we need assurances that they will be properly screened and that their baggage will be properly screened. I believe because of this cap we are not meeting any of those charges.  A number of the largest airports in the United States, 22 of the 25 focus airports that the Transportation Security Administration deems to be at high risk of delays this summer; these are 22 of the 25 airports at high risk of travel delays this summer, the Transportation Security Administration, because of the cap, has reduced screener staffing resources by the equivalent of 3,100 full-time screeners over the last year, about 20 percent of those airports. That means that many Americans are going to be waiting in line for half an hour or an hour or more because of these arbitrary caps.  I do not think this is the way to get at the management problems of the TSA. It would be better for the committee to mandate that the agency, prior to the start of the next fiscal year, go through an assessment, and they claim they are doing this, but mandate it perhaps, that they would decide from the ground up, from every position in the agency how many people they need at each airport and set a performance standard, a standard both in terms of security that has to be met and a standard in terms of how long it is going to take people to get through those airports.  It is not fair to the public to say, well, you are paying this additional tax for security and you are paying all of these other taxes, a very large part of the ticket, but we cannot afford enough people to get you through here in less than 3 hours. That is not right.  I know many of my colleagues have experienced this firsthand, and they certainly have received complaints from their constituents, particularly in a number of these 25 focus airports around the country.  I do not do this out of some sort of very parochial need, because my own local airport is doing quite well. But I do it out of a general concern for the industry, the traveling public, safety, security, and convenience, and the proper management of the TSA, and wanting to give the new acting director a chance to make it work right by removing this cap, admitting that there were mistakes made in the past, and we expect that they will not be repeated in the future.  