Speaker, Australia is exactly the type of nation we should seek trade agreements with, but not with a Xerox of our old and failed policies under fast track, with no amendments allowed here on the floor of the House.  There is only one new provision, strangely enough, one to prohibit the reimportation of less expensive prescription drugs. Where did that come from, I wonder? It must be American policy. No, I think it is pharmaceutical industry policy.  Now, we talk about Australia. We have a trade surplus. Why do we need this agreement? We had a trade surplus with Mexico. They talked about that how it was going to get bigger. Guess what, now we have a deficit. If we have a policy that is dramatically failing the Nation, our workers, our consumers, what do we do? In this Congress and with this administration, we do more of the same, $525 billion trade deficit, $1 million a minute of American wealth and jobs flowing overseas, mostly to unfair competition.  This agreement does not have enforceable labor standards. In fact, if we can have enforceable trademark and property standards, why can we not have an enforceable labor standard? And if we have not got one with Australia, who are we ever going to get one with?  It does not have enforceable environmental standards. If we cannot get enforceable environmental and consumer protection standards with Australia, who are we going to ever get one with? China? I do not think so.  Then why are pharmaceuticals in this agreement? Because this administration and their special trade representatives say this is a template for all future agreements, and they want to renegotiate our agreement with Canada to prohibit the reimportation of less expensive pharmaceuticals because it is undermining the obscene profits of the pharmaceutical industry. That is plain and simple.  Dairy and cheese and wheat, I think those are all questionable provisions; and, again, it undermines the ability of State and local governments to have contracting provisions that give preference to businesses of their choice.  Everything that is wrong with every other trade agreement that has led to the $525 billion trade deficit is wrong with the principles in this one. We are only lucky that it is a country that has a higher minimum wage, that has national health care, that has strong environmental laws, and that is not likely to change; but this will incorporate and further cement in these bad principles a new one that is absolutely atrocious, which protects the profits of the pharmaceutical industry against the health and welfare of the American people.  Vote ``no'' on this, and let us get a new trade policy that works for all Americans, not just a select few multinational corporations and special interests.  