Speaker, if the gentleman will yield, when I lay this out to my constituents, they say, well, certainly the CEOs and others could not support that; they would not want to live in those communities or under those conditions or see those things happen. Well, the fact is today's CEOs,where there is still a manufacturing job, earns 500 times what a worker earns. It is only a couple of decades since the ratio was only 20. They do not live in the same communities. They do not live in the same world. They live on a different planet.  They live behind gates in their mansions with their servants. Now there will be a lot more servants out there for them, and probably the cost of servants will go down, so this will be a great benefit to them. Of course, under Bush we can import those, too, or maybe Americans can work for those low wages. Their kids go to private schools, so they are not worried about what the gentleman from Ohio was talking about, the support for our societal infrastructure, schools and those sorts of things.  They do not really need the police. I guess we have not gone back to private for-profit fire departments yet, that is probably not far away, but they have private security so that we do not find a lot of support from them for police infrastructure or first responders, particularly not with the administration cutting their budgets under the homeland security proposal.  And then when they want to go somewhere, they go to the private country club in their chauffeur-driven limousines. Or if they go further away, they go in private executive jets so they do not even have to deal with the deregulation of the airline industry, the overcrowding and all those sorts of things. But these are true international folks. They are talking about globalization and international trade and all the benefits. There are benefits for them, just not for the masses of America.  Whatever happened to Henry Ford? ``My workers are going to be able to afford the product they make.'' We all did better under that system. We created the envy of the world here in the United States. We created the largest middle class. Everybody did better together. But a few people got greedy, and now they have got their hands on the levers of power, and they simply do not care about the majority. But they might find ways to distract them with wedge issues, social issues, or something else to distract them from the loss of their jobs, the opportunity for their kids, the lack of educational opportunities, or the future of this country.  I do not think the American people are going to be fooled for very long. They are going to demand changes, and we have to bring about changes. This trade policy is one of the most devastating levers of power that they have to wield against the American system, against American workers, and against the wealth of this country, and they are using it ruthlessly.  