Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me this time.  I was just meeting with some constituents in my office, and when I came in I heard the chairman speaking, and it sounded to me as though he was strongly opposed to our motion to instruct to better protect our ports and national security, but apparently from what I heard, he is going to support the motion. So I am a little confused.  But let me make the points that I think need to be made about this. We have a law, a national law, a law in the United States of America, that says under the Maritime Transportation Security Act, that foreign-flagged, that is, vessels that sail to the United States many times with very obscure ownership, in fact, the way international maritime law works, Osama bin Laden could very well own some of these freighters, but we would not be able to find that out.  So we are working on that problem and the Coast Guard has made some slight progress, but not enough in terms of lifting the veil of secrecy around who actually owns these ships, which I think is essential to our national security, but in the interim under the Maritime Transportation Security Act, these foreign-flagged ships of unknown ownership with crews who are not very well identified, that is, there are no foolproof counterfeit-proof IDs or certification for the crews, many of them have false documents, many of them are of a dubious lineage, no security checks that are meaningfully conducted on those people, are cruising in and out of the ports of the United States, and what we have today is a little better than before 9-11.  Proposals I had made subsequent to a ship accident have been implemented by the Coast Guard to hold the vessels that are in international align and to require manifests and other things and do boardings when they think they are necessary, and that is all well and good. But the Maritime Transportation Security Act goes one step further. They are supposed to have a plan that has been approved by the United States Coast Guard, these foreign-flagged vessels of uncertain lineage. Now, the issue before us is are we going to allow foreign classification societies, flags of convenience, and others to certify these plans in foreign languages with no review by the Coast Guard and just assume that everything is hunky-dory? That is really the issue that is before us.  I mean, let us take Liberia, for instance. There is no government in Liberia, pretty plain and simple, but they are a major flag of convenience for these freighters, these freighters which may be owned by Osama bin Laden. We really do not know. But they are done in an obscure way through nonexistent countries like Liberia. They exist, but they do not have a functioning government. They certainly do not have a Coast Guard. In fact, the government of Liberia, I think, recently moved. They were in Reston. I think they moved somewhere else in Virginia. They have a bunch of ex-Coast Guard people who are running their registry, which is just a for-profit thing they do, a flag of convenience, so that vessel owners, whoever they might be, can avoid the strictures of U.S. law for crewing and for safety and a whole host of other reasons.  I have never been comfortable with this arrangement, but I am particularly uncomfortable with an arrangement where the nonexistent government of Liberia will be certifying vessel security plans without any review by the Coast Guard, except perhaps the retired Coast Guard who are being paid a fabulous salary to pretend that there is a government in Liberia and that they are processing these plans on behalf of that government.  That is the situation we are confronted with. This does not give me great comfort. And, in fact, the international standards say, well, these nonexistent governments of Liberia, or its substandard performers like Panama, Malta, and Cyprus, again, all who are just trying to make money on flagging ships, and if they get tough with those people, like make them have an actual real vessel security plan, really certify the crews, well, they will just go to another country or so-called country, as in the case of Liberia, and get a flag from them for a few bucks more or less.  That is what it is all about. They are trying to avoid safety, security, crewing requirements, and all that. And this becomes to me another major security loophole for the United States ofAmerica to say that Malta, Cyprus, Liberia, who do not care about the interests of the United States in these matters, would certify in foreign languages these vessel security plans. This is not adequate. It does not meet laws that were enacted with, I think, virtually unanimous support of the United States Congress under the Maritime Transportation Security Act. They undermine the Maritime Transportation Security Act. And then as I came in, I heard my chairman, with whom I have tremendous respect and he is a great advocate for the Coast Guard and he has helped them get more money, saying if we made the Coast Guard review these plans, they would not have enough people. They would need more resources.  Then let us ask for the resources. This is a pattern I keep hearing from the administration. Yesterday I was at a hearing with the Transportation Security Administration folks, and we were raising concerns about rail and port security in the Railroads Subcommittee, and I said, Look, just be honest with us. Tell us you do not have enough people and you need more money. And they cannot do that because the political minders down at the White House are watching them. They cannot ask for more money for homeland security. We cannot ask for enough money to help the Coast Guard. I mean, the Coast Guard could contract this out if they do not have the staff, and the administration loves contracting out. We could hire a firm, a U.S. firm, who has security credentials or something else to certify these plans. But to allow Liberia, which does not have a government, to approve these plans of ships of unknown lineage and ownership in foreign languages and say that meets U.S. law, that is providing optimal homeland security for the United States of America, is absolutely wrong.  So I hope that the ranking member was right in saying that the chairman will support this. I hope he will and I hope he will not just support it with his vote, but he will support it wholeheartedly through conference. We need these protections for homeland security. And if it is a matter of a few more dollars, then let us ask for that money so we do it compliant with our law and not with a loophole-ridden international organization that does not give a darn about U.S. security.  Mr. LoBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I thank the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) for his comments. The gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young) and I do support this, but as we have worked through the committee all along in a very strong bipartisan way, we are expressing that there are some legitimate concerns such as our turning over our vessel security plans to this nonexistent government of Liberia. These are things that we should be talking about. These are things that we want to talk about so that in the end the final product that we have is a product that will ensure our national and homeland security.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  