Chairman, crimes were committed, and we are simply asking for restitution. At this point, 10 Enron executives have pled guilty, 19 others have been charged, and we are waiting for the charges against Ken Lay, the President's single greatest lifetime contributor, which have not yet come forward.  During the crisis, Vice President Cheney said the basic problem in California was caused by Californians. Hebasically said the ratepayers in Oregon, Washington, and Northern California were at fault. I was in a meeting where he said this was nothing but market forces at work. Of course it has now been proven that Enron manipulated the markets. They manipulated the markets on 473 of 537 days of crisis. People in Oregon and the Pacific Northwest and California are paying a great amount more for their electricity today, generated by the same plants, by many of the same companies, transmitted over the same lines because of the market manipulation by Enron.  Plain and simple, we want justice. Justice means we should have restitution. That is being denied by the Republican majority. It is being denied by the President's Republican-dominated Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. It is being denied by the Republican-led Congress.  But at least here with this amendment, what we will get is some of the information that our utilities could use that is being closely held by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission under the pretense that they might someday take some action with this to prove that the rates were not just and reasonable and to pursue civil remedies. If the Bush administration will not act in the public interest, will not protect consumers, if the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission will not act in the public interest and protect consumers, then at least the consumers and their utilities can take action on behalf of themselves. But they need this information.  This amendment will make that information available to the public. Some of it, I am sure, will be obscene and as appalling as the tapes we have had so far from Enron where they talk about putting it to the consumers day in and day out and laugh about it, but the acceptance of this amendment will move us down that path even if they will not take positive action to help people.  