Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  I have been intimidated to follow the chairman to the well since he does have impeccable credentials in the area of nutrition. He is the gentleman responsible for renaming French fries and French toast, although, of course, that did not do much for the caloric content of those food items.  But we do have a serious problem in this country; and, unfortunately, this bill and this debate will not rise to that issue. The statistics show an alarming increase in obesity among adults and, most alarmingly, an extraordinary increase in our youth. This can and will lead to real health problems. Those were talked about previously.  So we have a real problem. This could become a crisis and the question is, Why are we here today? Is there a crisis in litigation? Yes, there have been a few flaky lawsuits filed that have been dismissed, including one being dismissed with prejudice, something judges do not do routinely.  I think the majority is demeaning the intelligence of our juries, of the Americans who will sit there and cast judgment on their peers and say, no, have a little self-control; they did not make you eat that food. That is what the juries and judges have said so far, and I think they will continue to say.  But beyond that, they have said fitness and health cannot be legislated. Well, they might remember a former Republican who had a little more productive idea about this, Dwight David Eisenhower. He brought about the Presidential Fitness Program in the 1950s, mandatory physical education in all the schools in America because of concerns of so many males failing the physical for the draft in World War II and Korea. That was mandated when I was a kid growing up, and then sports were free.  What do we have today? Most States, many States no longer have mandatory physical education. They say they cannot afford it. In my State, kids have to pay to play sports. So many of them do not do it.  What we could do a lot more productively here today on the floor would be to consider legislation to add a little amendment to the so-called No Child Left Behind bill that would help our States, our local school districts reinstate or mandate that they reinstate physical education; but since it will be a Federal mandate, give them some help with the Federal mandate, something that the majority party has failed to do with No Child Left Behind and other mandates here in the Congress.  But let us send down a rule: we will have physical fitness. It will be mandatory. We will have kids able to play sports without having to pay and the Federal Government seeing that being in the national interest to avoid a crisis in health care caused by preventable illness, caused by obesity, we are going to take those steps. But that is not an amendment that would be allowed to this bill; that is not the subject here today. Instead, we will hear little funny speeches on that side where people will link together alliterations, as did the esteemed chairman of the committee, not dealing with the real problem.  Here we are. We will be done early today. Do not have a highway bill. Do not have extended unemployment benefits. We cannot even get labels on our food that are meaningful for country of origin. Congress is being defied by the administration. Do we have time for those real issues? No, but we have time for this little frolic.  This is a pretty sad day in the House of Representatives. Let us deal with this real problem and deal with it seriously and appropriately.  