Speaker, I rise today to explain my vote in favor of H.R. 4818, the massive omnibus appropriations act, which incorporates the nine unfinished spending bills into a single package.  I reluctantly supported this legislation. On the positive side, it includes millions of dollars I requested for important projects in southwest Oregon. For example, the bill includes $2 million for the North Bend Airport Air Traffic Control Tower; $475,000 for the Port of Brookings Harbor Boardwalk Expansion and $418,250 for the Port of Brookings Harbor Seafood Processing Plant; $60,000 for Coos and Curry County METH Reduction and $150,000 for Coos County Law Enforcement Technologies; $265,000 for the Benton County Health Services in Monroe for facilities and equipment; and $200,000 for the Springfield Public Schools, Schools Plus Program.  It provides a significant investment in our Nation's roads, bridges, and water infrastructure. For southwest Oregon, the bill includes $5 million for the Courthouse District Transportation Improvements in Eugene; $2 million for the Lane Transit District Bus and Bus Facilities; $3 million for the Coburg/I-5 Interchange Improvements; and Wastewater Improvement Funds, including $150,000 for Sweet Home, $300,000 for Coburg, and $250,000 for Coquille.  I am pleased the bill restores at least some funding for the dredging of small ports in my district, though more funding is needed. Despite the fact that these small ports are the economic lifeblood of coastal communities in my district, President Bush had proposed to zero out funding for these ports in his budget.  I was also pleased that H.R. 4818 boosts funding for veterans' health care by $1.9 billion over last year and by $1.2 billion above the level requested by the President. Though, as I will discuss in a minute, veterans need and deserve more.  And, I am pleased the bill falls within the spending cap set by the President. Our Nation cannot continue to run up hundreds of billions of dollars in debt every year. Reversing the dangerous accumulation of debt will require discipline on both spending and taxes.  While I supported the bill, I want to note for the record my disappointment with the inadequate funding levels in several important areas. These areas could have been funded at higher levels even within the spending capset by the President if lower priority items, such as the President's plan to send spacecraft to Mars or military and economic aid to dozens of countries, were reduced or eliminated.  For example, I am concerned that the bill cuts funding for the Small Business Administration by 19 percent below its current funding level. Small businesses are the primary employers and innovators in our economy. I cannot understand why the House Republican leadership elected to slash support for small businesses in this bill.  As I mentioned, while funding for veterans' health care was increased in this bill, I am concerned that the funding level still falls $1.3 billion below the level requested on a bipartisan basis by the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs.  I am disappointed that H.R. 4818 underfunds the education programs under the No Child Left Behind Act by $9.6 billion. Title I, Head Start, IDEA, and after-school programs, among others, are underfunded. Thousands of children will be left behind by the funding levels in this bill.  Older students won't make out much better. H.R. 4818 freezes the maximum award for Pell grants for the second year in a row, despite the fact that college tuition has risen 36 percent since 2001.  Finally, I think it is outrageous that the House Republican leadership stripped a variety of important provisions that were adopted on a bipartisan basis by the House and, in some cases, the Senate as well. For example, the House leadership cut a provision to protect overtime pay for millions of American workers. And, a provision to allow Americans to safely reimport cheaper drugs from overseas was eliminated at the behest of the pharmaceutical industry.  So, again, I will support this bill, but I will not do so enthusiastically.  