At this point, 10 Enron executives have gone to jail. They defrauded the ratepaying public, the businesses, the homeowners, the factories of the Western United States, and illegally extorted money from them by manipulating the market.  Now, there is a lot of reconstructive history going on here today. The Clinton administration did impose price caps, actually. It was the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, led by Pat Wood of Texas, under the leadership of George Bush of Texas and Dick Cheney of Texas, now Wyoming, who refused to take any action, said that these were merely market forces at work. Dick Cheney said at a meeting that I was in that unless we built one 500-megawatt plant a week for the next 15 years, this would continue.  Well, of course, he was pretty famously wrong. It was market manipulation. People have now gone to jail. We have crimes.  But what we do not have is restitution. The law must be changed. Even if the Bush appointee leading the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, from Texas, wants to give refunds to ratepayers in the Western United States, he has said he does not have that authority.  We have asked simply for a vote to give him that authority. We do not have to mandate. If he is going to do his job, just give him the authority and let him go to work and give that money back to the people in the Western United States. It was stolen from them.  Earlier we talked about put this behind us. The gentleman talked about putting it behind us. It is history. Well, you really cannot put a crime behind you when you have not had restitution, and we have not had our restitution. In fact, we are still paying more for our electricity today, day in, day out.  Nothing is more detrimental to the economic recovery of the Pacific Northwest than the fact that we are still paying more than we should for our electricity because it was stolen from us by the Enron Corporation, based in Texas, and no relief has been granted by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, led by Pat Wood of Texas, who was recommended for that job by Ken Lay of Enron, who still has not gone to jail and who was factually before this campaign the single largest lifetime contributor to George Bush, the President of the United States.  This stinks.  