Speaker, the gentleman from New York talks about the great mandate the Republicans got in the election. Why did they not have the guts to bring up an increase in the debt limit before the election?  This is no surprise. In fact, we technically reached default over a month ago. They have been borrowing Federal employees' retirement to keep the government floating, but now they say wehave no option but to vote for this today, and they have no plan.  Let us distill it down to something Americans understand. Trillions, billions, they do not get it. This is the third time we are going to ask for an increase in our borrowing on our credit card limit in 3 years under the Republican leadership, $2,000 per U.S. citizen. That is what they are authorizing today to borrow. Now everybody here is going to have to pay that back with interest. With interest. And they have no plan to stop borrowing into the indefinite future. No plan at all.  They will not allow us to adopt a simple principle: If they want to increase spending, cut something else. If you want to cut income, decrease taxes, either get tax increases elsewhere or cut spending. That is all we are saying. It is a simple principle. It is something every American would have to do before their credit card company would give them an increase for the third time in 3 years. That is what they are doing here.  They say, there is no time to do that. We are powerless in face of the Senate.  Come on. Give me a break. Members want to talk about demagogues. You are a champion demagogue. You really are. We are borrowing $1 million a minute to run this government. They want to say let us cut spending.  We can eliminate the entire government, the entire government, far beyond libertarians' dreams, and we would still have a deficit this year. Now we would keep half of the Department of Defense, but we would eliminate everything else the government does, and we would still have a deficit this year. That is how serious this problem is.  And they are borrowing money in the name of the American people who are going to have to pay it back with interest. Our kids are going to pay it back with interest. Our grandkids are going to pay it back with interest. In their scenario, our great great grandkids are going to pay it back with interest to the Chinese and others who are now financing our government and our spendthrift ways.  All we are asking for here is a little bit of fiscal responsibility, a plan, a plan to deal with this mounting debt, a plan that any American would have to have if they asked their credit card company for the third increase in 3 years in their credit card limit, and they were also cutting their income.  