Speaker, I want to comment on the extraordinary situation in which we find ourselves today. We're debating a resolution to belatedly strike a provision from the fiscal year 2005 omnibus appropriations act because there was a provision in the bill inserted with the knowledge of only a handful of individuals in this body that would have seriously undermined the privacy rights of all American taxpayers.  We find ourselves in this situation because of the mismanagement of the Congress and the federal budget process by the majority in the House. The Congress never passed a budget this year. That led to the total implosion of the annual appropriations process. Only two bills were approved by Congress and signed into law by the start of the 2005 fiscal year on October 1, 2004. Two additional bills were approved in mid-October.  The remaining nine bills totaling hundreds of billions of dollars and running more than 3,000 pages in length were cobbled together behind closed doors by just a few staff members with oversight by just a couple of Republican leaders in Congress. The text of this monstrosity was brought to the House floor only a few hours prior to the vote on Saturday, November 20th. That is clearly not enough time for any of us to read the bill, understand it, and ensure tax dollars are being spent wisely.  Despite this ridiculous process, I voted in favor of the bill because the alternative would have hurt the people I represent in Oregon. The alternative to the omnibus was to fund virtually the entire Federal Government on autopilot for the next year via a continuing resolution. This would have negated the increased funding in the omnibus for veterans at a time when thousands of troops are returning home from Iraq and Afghanistan, threatening to overwhelm the VA health care system.  It also would have meant Oregon would lose millions of dollars I secured in the omnibus for critical infrastructure projects, including projects at the North Bend Airport; the Port of Brookings; transportation improvements like the Coburg/I-5 Interchange; and water infrastructure projects for Sweet Home, Coburg, and Coquille.  So, while I supported the omnibus because it is beneficial for Oregon, I would urge the House Republican leadership to never again bring a bill to the House floor under these circumstances. Never again should the federal budget process be allowed to implode as it did this year. Never again should the House leadership bring a bill to the floor that is drafted behind closed doors by only a few Members and staff. Never again should the House leadership bring a bill to the floor with no time for Members to actually read what they will be voting on.  Finally, while I am pleased we have the opportunity to belatedly remove the provision from the omnibus that undermines taxpayer privacy, I am disappointed that two other provisions I asked the House leadership to schedule separate votes on will be allowed to remain in the bill without any further consideration. These controversial provisions--one of which will expand the number of immigrants allowed into the United States under H-1B visas, the other which imposes a recreation tax on citizens using public lands--should be considered on their own merits rather than rolling them into a must-pass measure.  With respect to the immigration provision, under current law, businesses are limited to hiring no more than 65,000 workers annually through the H-1B visa program. A provision in the omnibus will allow multinational corporations to make an end run around this cap to hire up to 20,000 additional foreign workers for employment in the United States.  An expansion of H-1Bs is not necessary. There is no evidence of a shortage of qualified American workers. Even Bureau of Labor Statistics data compiled by the Bush administration show rising unemployment among American engineers and computer scientists. In fact, for the first time in more than 30 years, the unemployment rate for tech workers is higher than the overall jobless rate. This pool of American workers should be tapped first before even considering an expansion of the H-1B program.  Further, there is growing evidence that the importation of foreign workers is driving down the wages of American workers.  Given all of these obvious negatives, there are a significant number of members on both sides of the aisle who are concerned about expanding the H-1B program and feel strongly that this is an issue of protecting American jobs and American workers' standard of living.  I am also disappointed that the House leadership included in this omnibus a 10-year authorization for new and more expansive recreation fee taxes for use of public land. The original Recreation Fee Demonstration program was established by a rider to the 1996 Interior appropriations bill. Since its establishment, fee demonstration has been amended or extended numerous times, but has never gone through the proper authorizing process. Now, Congress is prepared to adopt a 10-year authorization through back channels, even though it has never been taken up by the full House, and is opposed by the committees of jurisdiction in the Senate. There is also strong opposition in the House from Members of both parties who serve on the committees of jurisdiction.  Fees for dispersed recreation on public lands amounts to nothing more than a stealth double tax for hikers, hunters, picnickers, or anyone wishing to spend a day at the beach or in the forest with their family. An omnibus appropriations bill is not the place to impose increased taxes on Americans.  Besides, the land management agencies have utterly failed to demonstrate that they deserve an expanded fee program. Within the Forest Service, for example, only 50 cents of every dollar collected actually goes toward maintaining or improving our public lands, the purpose for which Congress originally designated the fees. The rest is eaten up by administrative and collection costs. Losing 50 percent of funds to overhead signals that this is not an effective government program. In addition, the Forest Service doesn't know if these taxes are helping to relieve the maintenance backlog, or even to what extent it has a maintenance program.  This body should be ashamed of the process under which this legislation was drafted and brought to the floor. The American people deserve better from this Congress.  