Chairman, I rise today to discuss H.R. 10, the legislation that ostensibly implements the recommendations made by the independent commission that investigated the federal government's failure to prevent the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.  Let me say at the outset that this bill is certainly not perfect. But, I am pleased it includes a number of critical aviation security improvements I have pushed for.  It also includes the core recommendation made by the 9/11 Commission to create a National Intelligence Director to centralize coordination and oversight of the disparate branches of our intelligence community.  Therefore, despite some flaws, I will vote for H.R. 10, with the hope that its shortcomings can be resolved in the conference with the Senate.  I want to expand on my comments about the aviation security provisions in H.R. 10. I am pleased that this bill provides $60 million over two years for the deployment of checkpoint explosive detection equipment. The bill also directs the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) to give priority to developing, testing, improving, and deploying equipment at screening checkpoints that will be able to detect nonmetallic weapons and explosives on individuals and in their baggage.  This bill would implement the 9/11 Commission recommendation that TSA not wait until the issues surrounding a successor to the CAPPS program are resolved before utilizing all available government terrorist watch lists to prescreen passengers boarding an aircraft. The air carriers currently manage the ``no-fly'' and ``automatic selectee'' lists that they receive from TSA. Because the airlines have access to these lists, some government agencies are unwilling to give their watch lists to TSA because they are reluctant to share intelligence information with private firms. This problem will be resolved when TSA takes over the passenger pre-screening function, as mandated by this bill.  Perimeter security is still a weak link in aviation security as evidenced by the recent events at the Orlando airport in which workers were charged with sneaking drugs and guns aboard commercial aircraft. Importantly, the bill requires TSA to submit a study to Congress on airport perimeter security to determine the feasibility of access control technologies and procedures, as well as an assessment of the feasibility of physically screening all individuals prior to entry into secure areas of an airport.  With regard to strategic planning, the bill requires the Department of Homeland Security to develop a risk-based strategic plan to protect transportation assets in general, and aviation assets in particular. The bill would also require the TSA to develop a threat matrix that outlines each threat to the civil aviation system, and the layers of security to respond to that threat. A strong strategic planning process may avert any future ``failures of imagination'' as cited by the Commission.  The bill also incorporates H.R. 4914, the Aviation Biometic Technology Utilization Act, which I introduced with Chairman Mica. Biometric technologies can improve aviation security, and the TSA must act quickly to promulgate guidelines and standards for biometrics so that airports can equip with biometric access control technology.  In addition, the bill incorporates H.R. 4056, the Commercial Aviation MANPADS Defense Act of 2004, which I also introduced with Chairman Mica. MANPADS have been used against commercial airplanes and we must do what we can to reduce the threat of MANPADS by working to reduce their availability and developing plans to secure airports and the aircrafts arriving and departing from airports against MANPADS attacks.  The bill contains several other important provisions including a pilot program to determine whether federal flight deck officers can be permitted to carry weapons on their persons, as well as directing TSA to: conduct a pilot program for the use of blast resistant cargo containers; continue its efforts to develop technology to screen cargo; conduct a study on the viability of technologies that would provide discreet methods of communication for flight cabin crew to notify pilots in the event of a security breach, and a study on the costs and benefits associated with the use of secondary flight deck barriers. In addition, I am pleased a provision was included to require the Director of the Federal Air Marshal Service to develop operational procedures that ensure the anonymity of Federal air marshals.  I am also pleased that this legislation implements the core recommendation of the 9/11 Commission--creation of a National Intelligence Director. While the bill may not create quite as robust an NID as the Senate legislation, it does represent a useful step in bringing accountability to the intelligence community and improving coordination.  Despite the aviation security provisions I mentioned previously, there are shortcomings in the transportation security provisions of H.R. 10. For example, there is no money to deploy explosive detection systems to screen checked baggage. In the security bill approved by the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, on which I sit, we included an additional $250 million in mandatory spending to deploy these critical devices. Unfortunately, this provision was stripped out of the version of H.R. 10 on the floor today. Further, H.R. 10 does next to nothing to improve rail, mass transit, or port security. These shortcomings need to be addressed in the conference with the Senate.  I am also concerned that H.R. 10 is weak on combating the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. The bill just requires a study of how to strengthen our non-proliferation programs. We don't need another study. We already know what needs to be done. In 2001, a bipartisan commission recommended tripling funding to $3 billion a year for programs to help secure nuclear materials around the world from terrorists. The non-proliferation programs under Nunn-Lugar should also be expanded beyond the states of the former Soviet Union in order to secure nuclear materials in other countries, notably Pakistan. The non-proliferation provisions of H.R. 10 should be strengthened in conference.  I am opposed to a provision in H.R. 10 that would violate U.S. obligations under the Convention on Torture by allowing the U.S. to deport suspects to countries that might torture them. While I supported an amendment that was adopted during consideration of H.R. 10 to slightly improve the provision in H.R. 10 authorizing deportation of suspects to countries with atrocious human rights records so it wasn't quite as objectionable, I would rather see the provision removed all together during the conference with the Senate.  I am concerned that the civil liberties protections in H.R. 10 are too weak. H.R. 10 creates a Civil Liberties Protection Officer that is appointed by and reports to the NID, which means he or she is not independent. Under these circumstances, the officer is unlikely to provide robust protection for civil liberties. By contrast, the 9/11 Commission and the Senate legislation propose an independent Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. The Senate legislation also includes an Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties as well as a Privacy Officer within the National Intelligence Authority. The Board would continually review legislation, regulations and policies for their impact on privacy and civil liberties. The Board would be required to issue reports to Congress at least twice a year and to make the reports available to the public. I hope that the Senateprovisions on civil liberties oversight will be included in any final legislation that emerges from conference.  Finally, I have serious concerns about a number of provisions in H.R. 10 that will expand the law enforcement powers of the federal government. As one who voted against the so-called USA PATRIOT Act because of my concerns about its impact on the civil liberties of average American citizens, I am concerned that H.R. 10 will unnecessarily expand the reach of the federal government in ways that are not necessary to defeat terrorists, but will pose a lasting threat to the rights we are guaranteed under the U.S. Constitution. I would rather that these provisions be considered carefully by Congress next year during the debate over whether to renew the PATRIOT Act rather than having them slipped into H.R. 10 with little debate.  