Speaker, we need to spend more time on the past here because people need to understand what happened with this market manipulation, and in fact, of course, the head of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, Pat Wood from Texas, chosen by George Bush and Ken Lay, wants still to push forward with this deregulation model and impose it on the rest of the United States of America. After all, it was a great success. The only problem was that Enron got caught. A few people made a lot of money. A lot of people had to pay a lot more for their electricity, but that is kind of the way they run the tax system in this country.  I would like to draw a parallel to something that is even more on people's minds. In the Northwest now it is not the heating system. The high rates are not quite as troublesome, although they certainly trouble our businesses every day, particularly those that are energy intensive and are contributing to our high unemployment rate, but I would compare it to what is happening with gasoline.  We are hearing the same refrain from the administration about the prices of gasoline, that these are market forces. Yet, in the last 10 years, there have been 2,600 mergers in the oil industry. We find that every company in the oil industry, those few that are left, are enjoying record profits; and they are saying, oh, these are just simple market forces at work, and again, refusing to act, and of course, this time there is no prospects, since they control both Houses of Congress, that someone can convene hearings to get to the bottom of the market manipulation that is going on here.  It starts with OPEC, and the President, of course, is a great believer in free trade. If he is such a believer in free trade, why is he letting the OPEC countries violate the World Trade Organization? Why not file a complaint? I have sent him two letters to that extent and have had no response.  Beyond that, there are certainly other things he could do. A much braver Congress and more independent Congress years ago imposed a windfall profits tax on the industry and took other dramatic steps to help save American consumers, but they will not do that. It is the same thing that happened with electricity here.  There are a favored few who I would call the contributor class. Most of the people who made the money here are Pioneers or Rangers for the President. Most of the companies that manipulated the market just happen to be based in Texas, and they are still profiting from these contracts because they will not allow your amendment.  I mean, if anything is an illegitimate contract, if you read these obscene transcripts, which we could not read on the floor of the House, the FCC would be on top of us, of these so-called traders of Enron and what they were doing to manipulate and the language they were using and what they were doing to people, if these are not illegitimate contracts, extorting people illegally inthe Northwest and elsewhere, I do not know what is; but they will not allow us to debate an amendment on that issue on the floor.  