Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, this is the second year in a row, particularly this year since I have hardly any voice due to a cold, that I have come to the floor to debate this issue, not intending to come to the floor.  My concern is that we have an extraordinary problem in the west. We are confronted with potentially the most catastrophic fire year in history. The committee has recognized that by appropriating an additional $500 million to fight those fires. I appreciate that. Unfortunately, the Senate at this point does not feel that sense of urgency. But that is not the issue before us right now.  The issue before us at the moment is whether the public will participate in the plans for our public lands in the western United States. I am pretty sensitive to this, as are the people in my district. We live next to or in the middle of those forests, and we want to participate in the plans for the future.  Now, the administration has proposed that we would totally exempt future forest plans from NEPA and we would allow plans to be amended with no notice or public comment. I do not think that that really meets the concerns and the very diverse views in my congressional district about forests, forest planning and multiple use.  Some people want to oppose the Udall amendment by saying that this is about fuel reduction. It is not about fuel reduction. Remember, we had a vigorous debate last year and in the Congress before that about healthy forests and fuel reduction. In fact, we passed a very ambitious piece of legislation, which I voted for, H.R. 1904, the Healthy Forest Restoration Act, which, if properly implemented, would go after the backlog, would go after the fuels accumulation, would reduce the risk of catastrophic fire and would manage our forests back toward a presettlement and healthy state.  Unfortunately, the administration, having signed the bill with much fanfare, abandoned it when it came time to ask for the funds. Yes, the committee has increased the funding by $58 million, and I appreciate that. Unfortunately, we are still a couple of hundred million dollars shy. Nobody is talking about that.  We are well short of the promise that the President made when he signed the bill with fanfare, that he was going to put people to work, protect our communities, he was going to protect the resources and we were going to put this debate behind us once and for all. And that bill contained significant changes and amendments to the processes that delay this work. Now, if we will only fund it, it will get done.  But now you want to go off into another part of the forest plan which has nothing to do with fire, fire planning or fuel reduction, and say we should wipe out all protections and public participation. That is not right. Sure, some of this stuff could be streamlined. I get pretty upset with the bureaucracy. But I live in a forest, actually part of my land is forest, and the backyard is a forest. I am pretty concerned about these issues, and I am sensitive to other people who live in that situation.  But we are not putting out the Federal investment, we are not putting our money where our mouth is, and we have a lot of mouths around here, but not enough money, that is for darn sure. That is where we are at tonight with this debate.  As much as the committee has tried, they were not given an adequate amount of money to address these problems. Yes, they have done better by fire fighters, yes, a little better by fuel reduction, but nowhere near the promise of the legislation passed last year, because the administration did not ask for the money to deliver on that promise, pretty much the same as No Child Left Behind. Everybody here agrees with the concept of No Child Left Behind, but if you do not put the money behind the promise, it is a new unfunded mandate.  