 President, today we will continue to debate the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to serve as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.  The Judiciary Committee held four full days of hearings last month. The judge testified for more than 20 hours. He answered more than 1,000 questions during his testimony and hundreds more questions for the record. We have had the opportunity to review the 2,700 cases he has heard, and we have had the opportunity to review the more than 180,000 pages of documents produced by the Bush Library and the Department of Justice. Now, after all of this, my Democratic colleagues unfortunately appear to remain committed to what they have been talking about for a long period of time: filibustering the nomination of this very well qualified jurist.  Even after all of this process, there is no attack against the judge that sticks. In fact, it has been clear since before the judge was nominated that some Members in the Democratic leadership would search desperately for a reason to oppose him.  As the minority leader said before the nomination: ``It's hard for me to imagine a nominee that Donald Trump would choose that would get Republican support that we could support.'' That is the end of the quote from the minority leader.  He said later, and I will continue to quote him: ``If the nominee is out of the mainstream, we'll do our best to hold the seat open.''  Then the President nominated Judge Gorsuch. This judge is eminently qualified to fill Justice Scalia's seat on the Supreme Court, and there is no denying that whatsoever.  Let me tell you some things about him. He is a graduate of Columbia University and Harvard Law School. He earned a doctorate in philosophy from Oxford University and served as a law clerk for two Supreme Court Justices.  During a decade in private practice, he earned a reputation as a distinguished trial and appellate lawyer. He served with distinction in the Department of Justice. He was confirmed to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals by a unanimous voice vote in this body.  The record he has built during his decade on the bench has earned him the universal respect of his colleagues both on the bench and the bar. This judge is eminently qualified to do what the President appointed him to do.  Faced with an unquestionably qualified nominee, my friends on the other side of the aisle, my Democratic colleagues, have continually moved the goalpost, setting test after test for this judge to meet. But do you know what? This judge has passed all of those tests, all with flying colors, so the people on the other side of the aisle--the Democrats in the minority--are left with a ``no'' vote in search of a reason.  Let's go through some of their arguments. First, the minority leader announced that the nominee must prove himself to be a mainstream judge. Is he a mainstream judge or not? Well, consider his record: Judge Gorsuch has heard 2,700 cases and written 240 published opinions. He has voted with the majority in 99 percent of the cases, and 97 percent of the cases he has heard have been decided unanimously. Only one of those 2,700 cases was ever reversed by the Supreme Court, and it happens that Judge Gorsuch did not write the opinion.  Then consider what others say about him. He has been endorsed by prominent Democratic members of the Supreme Court bar, including Neal Katyal, President Obama's Acting Solicitor General. This Acting Solicitor General wrote a New York Times op-ed entitled ``Why Liberals Should Back Neil Gorsuch.'' Mr. Katyal wrote: ``I have no doubt that if confirmed, Judge Gorsuch would help to restore confidence in the rule of law.''  He went on to write that the judge's record ``should give the American people confidence that he will not compromise principle to favor the President who appointed him.''  Likewise, another well-known person, David Frederick, a board memberof the liberal American Constitution Society, says we should ``applaud such independence of mind and spirit in Supreme Court nominees.''  So after hearing what people on both the right and the left have said about the judge, it is clear that he is ``mainstream,'' but the goalpost seems to move. Next we hear that the judge doesn't care about the ``little guy'' and, instead, rules for the ``big guy.''  First of all, that is a goofy argument. Just ask liberal law professor Noah Feldman. If you ask Professor Feldman, he says this criticism is a ``truly terrible idea'' because ``the rule of law isn't liberal or conservative--and it shouldn't be.''  The strategy on this point became clear during our hearing: Pore through 2,700 cases, cherry-pick a couple where sympathetic plaintiffs were on the losing end of the legal argument, then find a reason to attack the judge for that result, and then, because of that case or two, label him ``against'' the little guy. As silly as that argument is, the judge himself laid waste to that argument during the hearing when he rattled off a number of cases where the so-called little guy came out on the winning end of the legal argument of a case.  At any rate, as we discussed at length during his hearings, the judge applies the law neutrally to every party before him, and that is what you expect of judges.  I disagree with some of my colleagues who have argued that judging is not just a matter of applying neutral principles. I think that view is inconsistent with the role our judges play in our system and, more importantly, with regard to the oath they take. That oath requires them to do ``equal right to the poor and the rich'' and to apply the law ``without respect to persons.'' Naturally, this is what it means to live under the rule of law, and this is what our nominee has done during his decade on the bench of the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. So the judge applies the law ``without respect to persons,'' as he promised in his first oath he would, and he will repeat the oath when he goes on the Supreme Court.  Then, of course, as they move these goalposts, the judge has been criticized for the work he did on behalf of his former client, the U.S. Government, when he was at the Justice Department.  Of course, we have had a lot of nominees over many years who have worked as lawyers in the government. Most recently, Justice Kagan worked as Solicitor General. As we all know, she argued before the Supreme Court that the government could constitutionally ban pamphlet material. That is a fairly radical position for the U.S. Government to take. When asked about that argument during her hearing, she said that she was a government lawyer making an argument on behalf of her client, the U.S. Government, and it had nothing to do with her personal views on the subject. Now, there is a whole different standard for some people of this body. That answer is apparently no longer good enough. To hear the other side tell it, government lawyers are responsible for the positions their client, the U.S. Government, takes and the positions they have to argue. I respect my colleagues who are making this argument, but this argument does not hold water.  What, then, are my colleagues on the other side left with after moving these goalposts many times, after making all of these arguments that don't stick? What are they left with? Because they can't get any of their attacks on the judge to stick, all they are left with are complaints about the so-called dark money being spent by advocacy groups. Yes, that is where the goalpost took them--to dark money.  As I said yesterday, that speaks volumes about the nominee, that after reviewing 2,700 cases, roughly 180,000 pages of documents from the Department of Justice and the George W. Bush Library, thousands of pages of briefs, and over 20 hours of testimony before our committee and hundreds of questions both during and after the hearing, all his detractors are left with is an attack on the nominee's supporters--people out there whom the nominee probably doesn't even know. They raise money to tell people about him, which they have a constitutional right to do under the First Amendment freedom of speech.  The bottom line is that they don't have any substantive attacks on this nominee that will stick, so they shifted tactics, yet again moving the goalpost, and are now trying to intimidate and silence those who are speaking out and making their voices heard in regard to this nominee.  Here is the most interesting thing about this latest development: There are advocacy groups on every side of this nomination. There are people out there for him, raising money and spending the money for him, and there are people out there against him who are raising and spending money so people know why they disagree with this nominee. Of course, that is nothing new. That has been true of past nominations, and there is nothing wrong with citizens engaging in the First Amendment freedom of speech and in the process of being for or against and encouraging public debate on whether a person ought to be on the Supreme Court. It was certainly true when liberal groups favoring the Garland nomination poured money into Iowa to attack me last year for not holding a hearing. For that reason, I didn't hear a lot of my Democratic colleagues complain about that money that could well be called dark money as well.  There are groups on the left who are running ads in opposition to this nominee and threatening primaries. They are actually threatening primaries against Democrats who might not tow the line and might not help filibuster this nomination. For some reason, I am not hearing a lot of complaints about the money that is being raised to make some Democrats who might support this nominee look bad.  As I have said, there is nothing wrong with citizens engaging in the process and making their voices heard. This is one of the ways we are free to speak our minds in a democracy. It has been true for a long, long time.  As I said yesterday in the committee meeting, if you don't like outside groups getting involved, the remedy is not to intimidate and try to silence that message; the remedy you ought to follow is to support nominees who apply the law as it is written and then, in turn, leave the legislating to a body elected to make laws under our Constitution--the Senate and the House of Representatives.  Regardless of what you may think about advocacy groups, about their getting involved, there is certainly no reason that they should go to great lengths to talk about this in our committee or talk about it to the nominee because he can't control any of that.  The truth is, the Democrats have no principled reason to oppose this nomination, and those are words from David Frederick that I have quoted before. It is clear instead that much of the opposition to the nominee is pretextual. The merits and qualifications of the nominee apparently no longer matter.  The only conclusion we are left to draw is that the Democrats will refuse to confirm any nominee this Republican President may put forth. There is no reason to think the Democrats would confirm any other judge the President identified as a potential nominee or any judge he would nominate. In fact, we don't even need to speculate on that point because the minority leader has spoken that point and made his point very clear. Before the President made this nomination, he said: ``I can't imagine us supporting anyone from his list.'' So it was very clear from the very beginning that the minority leader was going to lead this unprecedented filibuster. The only question was what excuse he would manufacture to justify it. The nominee enjoys broad bipartisan support from those who know him, and he enjoys bipartisan support in the Senate.  I recognize that the minority leader is under very enormous pressure from special interest groups to take this abnormal step of filibustering a judge, because filibustering the Senate is not unusual but filibustering a Supreme Court Justice is very unusual. I know other Members of his caucus are operating under those very same pressures as well. In fact, yesterday, while the committee was debating the nomination, a whole host of liberal and progressive groups held a press conference outside of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, demanding that the campaign arm cut off campaign funds for any incumbent Democrat whodoesn't filibuster this nominee. Those groups argue that because the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee had already raised a lot of money off the minority leader's announcement that he was going to lead a filibuster, the committee shouldn't provide that money to any Member who refused to join this misguided effort.  Well, all I can say is that it would be truly unfortunate for Democrats to buckle to that pressure and engage in the first partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court Justice nominee in U.S. history--another way to say that is, the first partisan filibuster in the 228-year history of our country since 1789. If they regard this nominee as the first in our history worthy of a partisan filibuster, it is clear they would filibuster anyone.  I have stated since long before the election that the new President would nominate the next Justice and the Judiciary Committee would process that nomination. That is just what we have done through the committee, and now we are doing it on the floor. So I urge my colleagues not to engage in this unprecedented partisan demonstration. Everyone knows the nominee is a qualified, mainstream, independent judge of the very highest caliber. Republicans know it, Democrats know it, and the left-leaning editorial boards across the country prove that even the press knows it. I urge my colleagues on the other side to come to their senses and not engage in the first partisan filibuster in U.S. history and instead join me and vote in favor of Judge Gorsuch's confirmation.  I yield the floor.  