 President, there has been a lot of discussion about Senator Sessions' nomination on this floor in the last 24 hours. Before we vote, I want to offer a couple of observations about the unfairness in some of the statements.  First, I was hoping to limit my remarks to all of the reasons why I believe Senator Sessions will make an outstanding Attorney General, but instead I feel very compelled to say a few words about some of the attacks that have been leveled against Senator Sessions here on the floor, where he has served the people of Alabama faithfully for 20 years.  A number of Senators have come to the floor to talk about Senator Sessions' hearing in 1986 when he was nominated to be a Federal judge. Now, it happens that I was in the Senate in 1986, at that time by 6 years. I was on the Judiciary Committee in 1986, by that time for 6 years, and I want you to know I saw what happened. I don't have time to go into all the details here, but I will tell you this: Jeff Sessions' hearing in 1986 was an absolute ambush. In fact, it was a planned ambush. He was unfairly attacked then and he is being unfairly attacked now. I will give just two examples.  First, in the last 24 hours, we have heard Senator Sessions attacked for a voting rights case that he pursued as U.S. attorney in Alabama. We have heard a lot about that case. Of course, those who have raised the Perry County trial don't tell you Senator Sessions was actually asked to pursue that case by two African-American candidates who believed that ballots cast by African-American voters had been altered. The bottom line is that he was vindicating the voting rights of African-American voters whose voting rights had been compromised.  Second, we have heard Senator Sessions criticized for testimony in his 1986 Judiciary Committee hearing about the Voting Rights Act. It has been said on this floor and it has been said repeatedly that Jeff Sessions called the Voting Rights Act ``intrusive,'' but those speaking in the last 24 hours don't know what he actually said. He did use the word ``intrusive,'' but then he said the Department of Justice had to do it ``because it would not have happened any other way.''  He said further: ``Federal intervention was essential in the South.'' He said it was an intrusive piece of legislation ``because it was a necessary piece of legislation, I support it.'' That is right. He said the Voting Rights Act ``was a necessary piece of legislation, I support it.'' That is what he said. But if you have been listening the last 24 hours--you wouldn't know any of that by listening to those who have come to the floor and talked all about that case in 1986.  Like I said, I was here way back then. I saw what happened to that man who is going to be our next Attorney General, who would go on to join the Senate for these 20-some years and become our colleague and our friend. So you can understand why it is very frustrating to me to listen to all of those attacks, and it is particularly frustrating to hear it from Members who were not even here in 1986.  With that, let me just say this in closing: Senator Sessions has served with us for 20 years. Every Member of this body knows him to be a man of integrity. Almost all of us have been on the other side of a policy debate with Senator Sessions at one time or another. I know I have. What we know from those debates is that whether Senator Sessions agrees with you or not on any policy question, he handles the debate fairly, he handles the debate respectfully, and he handles the debate honorably.  Senator Sessions answered our questions in the Judiciary Committee for 10 long hours. He gave us his word on the critical issues that should decide our vote on this nomination. Most of that was centered around the fact that he is a man devoted to the law, and he is devoted as the chief law enforcement officer of our country to enforce the law, even if he didn't vote for it and even if he disagreed with it.  We know from the questioning that Senator Sessions will be independent when he said when he has to say no to the President of the United States, he will say no to the President of the United States. We know Senator Sessions then, as I have said, will enforce the law faithfully, without regard to person, for all Americans.  Motivated by those principles, Senator Sessions will make a very fine Attorney General, and most people in this body know that--even those who are going to vote against him.  I am pleased to cast my vote in favor of his nomination, and of course I urge my colleagues to do the same thing.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Perdue). The Senator from Alabama.    