 President, I have several of my colleagues on this side of the aisle who want to speak, but I just want to take a minute and a half or so to clarify some things I have heard from the other side that need to be counteracted.  First of all, I don't know whether they mentioned the term ``Ginsburg rule,'' but we do have this Ginsburg rule that was set out a long time ago when Judge Ginsburg came before the Senate for her confirmation. She said that you can't comment on things that might come before the Court because obviously you would be violating judicial ethics. Then I will comment on some things people have said about Brown v. Board of Education.  The very fact that Judge Gorsuch has declined to offer his opinion on legal issues that are likely to come before the Supreme Court demonstrates what we should all expect of him: his judicial independence. That is what we expect of every judge. The judge's decision not to offer his opinion on issues that may come before him is consistent with judicial ethics rules and is consistent with what I have referred to already as the Ginsburg rule or the Ginsburg standard, which all Supreme Court nominees in recent memory have followed. As Justice Ginsburg said, commenting on these issues is not fair to parties who might come before the Court in future years. That is what Judge Gorsuch said as well.  Questions to this end are nothing more than an attempt to compromise the judge's independence, and he showed us that he wasn't going to have his independence compromised because he is going to do what judges should do: look at the facts of a case, look at the law, and make those decisions based only on that and send no signals whatsoever ahead of time of how he might view something.  Along these lines, my colleagues said that the judge should have announced that he agreed with the ruling in Brown v. Board of Education but didn't offer enough information about this opinion in an appropriate discussion of precedent.  I will quote our nominee. He said this: ``Senator, Brown v. Board of Education corrected an erroneous decision, a badly erroneous decision, and vindicated a dissent by the first Justice Harlan in Plessy v. Ferguson, where he correctly identified that separate to advantage one race can never be equal,'' end of the quote of our nominee. So the judge spoke about precedent very appropriately. He answered our questions in a manner consistent with his obligations and with past nominees.  One more point. I keep hearing complaints that the judge won't make a commitment to follow Roe v. Wade, but my colleagues' requests really boil down to a quest for a promise to reach results that they want. They demand adherence to Roe v. Wade on the one hand and a promise to overrule Citizens United on the other hand, as examples. Asking the judge to make commitments about precedent is inappropriate. I have said this so many times, and my colleagues will repeat it many times as well. It compromises the judge's independence.  Instead of being beholden to the President, my colleagues would have the judge be beholden to them. This nominee isn't going to be beholden to a President, and he is not going to be beholden to any Senator because if he did that, he would be compromising his views.  I yield the floor.  