 President, today the Senate will vote on the nomination of Notre Dame Law Professor Amy Barrett to serve on the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals. She is an eminently qualified and exceptionally bright nominee who has received praise and support across the legal profession. She clerked for Judge Silberman on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and for Justice Scalia on the Supreme Court. She has experience in private practice and many years as a law professor teaching classes on constitutional Law, Federal courts, statutory interpretation, among others. She was appointed by Chief Justice John Roberts to sit on the Advisory Committee on Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure, where she served for 6 years.  Her nomination has also received wide support. For example, in a letter to the Judiciary Committee, a bipartisan group of law professors encouraged the committee to confirm her nomination, saying that Professor Barrett ``enjoys wide respect for her careful work, fair-minded disposition, and personal integrity.'' Her colleagues at Notre Dame described her ``as a model of the fair, impartial, and sympathetic judge.''  Despite this, all the Democratic members of the Judiciary Committee voted against her nomination in committee, and I suspect most of the minority will vote against her confirmation later today. This, of course, is a shame, and it does not speak well of our institution, the U.S. Senate, and I would like to explain why.  When the Judiciary Committee voted on Professor Barrett's nomination, I listened to the reasons my colleagues gave for voting against her. Some said that she didn't have enough experience to be a circuit court judge. Well, the American Bar Association rated Professor Barrett as ``well qualified.''  The Democrats have said that the ABA's ratings are very important to them when considering a nominee, once even calling it the ``gold standard.'' Their votes certainly don't reflect that. I suspect the ratings don't actually matter to them since they have voted against most of the ``well qualified'' nominees this Congress. The minority has even requested that I not hold hearings on nominees when the committee hasn't received the ABA ratings for that nominee, as if the ABA--an outside group--can and should dictate the committee's schedule. But even when we have ``well qualified'' or ``qualified'' ratings from the ABA, the minority still votes against these nominees, so the actual significance of the rating to the minority doesn't make a lot of sense.  Furthermore, lack of appellate experience hasn't mattered before. When President Clinton nominated Justice Kagan to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, she had no appellate experience. But I remember my friend from Vermont saying that the Senate should vote on her nomination because she was an ``outstanding woman.'' Her lack of appellate experience didn't appear to be of concern to my friends in the minority at the time of Kagan's nomination coming before the committee, so I don't understand why the standard is different now.  Another reason some of my colleagues gave when voting against her is that they say she will disregard judicial precedent. Of course, if that is true, that would be a very serious consideration, but looking at all of Professor Barrett's writings and listening to the testimony she gave, not once did she say that circuit or district court judges could disregard precedent. In fact, during her hearing, she told the committee that she understood ``circuit judges to be absolutely bound by the precedent of the Supreme Court'' and that ``circuit courts are bound to follow the precedent of their own circuit.'' That doesn't sound like a nominee who will not respect precedent. In fact, she understands exactly the role of precedent and the limitations and restrictions placed on lower court judges.  Another Senator argued that she has written provocative things like ``A judge will often entertain an ideological bias that makes him lean one way or the other. In fact, we might safely say that every judge has such an inclination.'' I am not sure why this statement is provocative. I think everyone here knows that every person has their own biases and policy preferences, whether or not they are a judge. In writing this, Professor Barrett shows the awareness to recognize that every person comes to their job with personal biasses and views. This is especially important for judges to recognize about themselves. In fact, she is so self-aware that this is a potential problem for judges that she cowrote an article arguing that if a judge cannot set aside a personal preference in a particular matter before that judge, she shouldn't hear the case in the first place.  These comments come from an article about potential issues Catholic judges may face that Professor Barrett wrote in law school. The article was about Catholic judges but could have been written about the biasses of judges of any religion or of no religion at all. My friends in the minority have looked at a few of her comments from this article and seem to have concluded that she will base her judicial decisions off of what her religion teaches.  During her hearing, one Senator even implied that Professor Barrett could not separate her religion from her judicial decision making, but Professor Barrett had said and argued quite the opposite and had done it several times. She believes that it is highly inappropriate for a judge to use his own religious beliefs in legal reasoning. In fact, she concludes the very article the Democrats are concerned with this way: ``Judges cannot--nor should they try to--align our legal system with the church's moral teachings whenever the two diverge.''  I think opposition to her nomination ultimately comes down to the fact that her personal views about abortion do not line up with the minority's views about abortion. I knew the minority would ask her about her views on abortion, so during her nomination hearing, I took advantage of being the first to ask her if she would allow her religious views to dictate her legal decisions. She said that she would not. I also asked her if she would follow Supreme Court precedent involving abortion, and she simply and succinctly answered: ``Absolutely, I would.''  At her hearing, the statement was made--now, can you believe this?--``You are controversial because many of us that have lived our lives as women really recognize the value of finally being able to control our reproductive systems.''  This statement alone is stunning to me for two reasons--first, that a nominee is controversial because she might share the views of over half the country, which is that abortion is wrong; second, that this statement amounts to a religious test. In response, Professor Barrett said over and over that she has no power to overrule Roe or any other abortion-related Supreme Court case nor does she have interest in challenging that specific precedent.  A further statement was made:       [R]eligion . . . has its own dogma. The law is totally      different. And I think in your case, professor, when you read      your speeches, the conclusion one draws is that the dogma      lives loudly within you, and that's of concern when you come      to big issues that large numbers of people have fought for      years in this country.  So the Democrats are saying that women who have personal beliefs that are consistent with their religions are not eligible to be Federal judges evenwhen they have assured the committee, as she did over and over again, that they strongly believe in following binding Supreme Court precedent. If that is the case--if the minority is enforcing a religious litmus test on our nominees--this is an unfortunate day for the Senate and for the country.  Others have spoken on the issue of a religious test, but I will remind my colleagues that the Constitution specifically provides that ``no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office under the United States.'' It is one of the most important founding principles. I do not think an evaluation of how religious a person is or how religious she might not be should ever be a part of that evaluation.  We have received many letters on this topic, including one from Princeton University's president, who is a former law clerk to Justice Stevens and happens to be a constitutional scholar. He writes that the questions the Democrats posed to Professor Barrett about her faith were ``not consistent with the principle set forth in the Constitution's `no religious test' clause'' and that the views expressed in her law review article on Catholic judges are ``fully consistent with a judge's obligation to uphold the law and the Constitution.''  Finally, this morning, my friend from Illinois justified the Democrats' questions to Professor Barrett in committee by noting that I also asked questions in the committee about her article, but there is a difference in simply asking a nominee if her religious views will influence her judicial decision making and trying to ascertain just how religious a nominee is by asking, ``Do you consider yourself an orthodox Catholic?'' or by saying, ``The dogma lives within you.''  My questions gave Professor Barrett a chance to explain her law review article, which was an article I knew the Democrats would question her over. The other side's questions and comments went to figure out just how strongly she would hold to her faith, which was the inappropriate line of questioning.  I will make one more related comment. I mentioned this in the Judiciary Committee, but I think that it bears repeating on the floor because the issue will continue to come up.  Professor Barrett and a few other nominees have a relationship with or ties to the Alliance Defending Freedom group, which, as several Senators have recently pointed out, has been labeled as a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center. When the nominees have been asked about this, they have pointed out that the Southern Poverty Law Center's designation is, in itself, highly controversial. I would say that it is completely unfounded. The ADF, Alliance Defending Freedom, is an advocacy organization that litigates religious liberty cases. It has won six cases in front of the Supreme Court in the past 6 years, including cases that are related to free speech and children's playgrounds. They are not outside the mainstream.  Any difference in viewpoint that folks may have with them boils down to, simply, policy differences, but dissent and a difference of opinion do not equal hate, and it is wrong to compare an organization like the ADF to that of the Ku Klux Klan or the Nazi Party and, by extension, imply that the nominees before us sympathize with such actual hate groups.  Finally, I would note that the Southern Poverty Law Center designates the American College of Pediatricians and the Jewish Defense League as hate groups. So some of the Southern Poverty Law Center's designations appear to be discriminatory in and of themselves.  Professor Barrett is a very accomplished, impressive nominee, and we know that her personal story is compelling. She has seven children, several who were adopted from Haiti and one who has special needs. She is an accomplished attorney and a well-respected law professor. I will be strongly supporting her nomination today, and I urge every one of my colleagues to do the same.  I yield the floor.  