  The title of his article is ``Senator Dianne Feinstein may be provoking a constitutional conflict.'' Professor Dershowitz strongly disagrees with the ranking member's statement on ``Meet the Press'' the weekend that Comey was fired: `` . . . directly because he did not agree to lift the cloud of the Russia investigation, that's obstruction of justice.''  This is how Professor Dershowitz replied:       No, it isn't. . . . under our constitutional system of      separation of powers, the president cannot be charged with a      crime for merely exercising his authority under Article 2 of      the Constitution. This authority includes firing the director      of the FBI, for whatever reason or no reason.  That is not to say that the President can engage in illegal conduct. But the professor's point, as I understand it, is that when a President takes an action that is within the scope of clear constitutional authority and discretion, it should be a political question not a criminal one.  The Judiciary Committee still needs to investigate the circumstances surrounding Comey's firing and the Flynn investigation. Those facts may have nothing to do with the obstruction but could still provide important insight about the potential reforms of how the FBI and the Justice Department operate.  For example, he explains how President Trump could have halted any investigation of Flynn if he really wanted to. This is what the professor says:       Trump would have been within his constitutional authority      to pardon Flynn, as Flynn hoped he would do. That would have      kept him from cooperating with the special counsel and      becoming a government witness. Had the president done that,      he would have acted entirely lawful, as President George H.W.      Bush did when he pardoned Caspar Weinberger in order to stop      the Iran-Contra investigation. Although special prosecutor      Lawrence Walsh complained bitterly that the Bush presidential      pardon had the intent and effect of completely closing down      his investigation, no one suggested that Bush had committed      the crime of obstruction of justice.  Then, finally, Professor Dershowitz explains what real obstruction looks like and how it is different from a President's merely exercising his constitutional authority. So I, once again, quote the professor:       Both Presidents Richard Nixon and Bill Clinton were accused      of obstruction of justice, but in both cases they were      accused of going well beyond the mere exercise of their      constitutional authority. Nixon was accused of telling      subordinates of lie to the FBI, paying hush money to      potential witnesses, and destroying evidence. Clinton was      accused of trying to get witnesses, such as Monica Lewinsky,      to lie. These charges constituted acts--independent crimes--     that go well beyond presidential authority. Trump has not      been accused of any facts that would independently constitute      crimes. The entire case against him, as outlined by      Feinstein, consists of constitutionally authorized acts that     were well within the president's authority under Article 2.      That is an enormous and consequential difference under our      system of separation of powers.  But our constitutional system of checks and balances is too important to throw it aside when it isn't politically convenient. You don't have to be a Trump fan to worry about the consequences of taking shortcuts in going after your political opponents. That is why bipartisan investigations are so very valuable.  When it works, a bipartisan inquiry can provide comfort that all angles have been explored and explored thoroughly.  But it takes two to tango, as they say.  Earlier this year, Ranking Member Feinstein expressed concerns about reports that former Attorney General Lynch asked Director Comey to downplay the FBI's investigation as merely, a ``matter'' instead of using the term ``investigation'' during the campaign. Yet, since then, the ranking member has told me plainly that she will not join in any oversight of the FBI's Clinton email investigation.  Even on Trump-Russia oversight, where we have been able to cooperate a great deal, there have been similar problems.  First, all year, I have wanted to learn more about the origins of the dossier that largely kick-started the FBI's investigation of the Trump campaign.  In July, the ranking member joined me in a bipartisan letter seeking voluntary cooperation from the firm that produced the dossier. The dossier was based largely on Russian sources within Russia and was put together by a former British spy. It made salacious and unverified claims about Trump. The company responsible for producing it--Fusion GPS--was uncooperative.  In response to our bipartisan request, it dumped on the committee about 32,000 pages of press clippings and 8,000 pages that were entirely blank. Since then, it has provided zero additional documents.  The founder of Fusion GPS initially indicated that he would rely on his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination rather than testify at the committee hearing in July. He later agreed to a private staff interview but refused to answer dozens of key questions.  I would like to compel him to answer questions and compel him to provide the documents that Senator Feinstein and I both asked him in July to provide voluntarily, but under our committee rules, I don't have the authority to do that on my own.  Why would Democrats not want to follow up and get the documents from Fusion GPS that we already asked for together--in other words, in a bipartisan way? Do they not want to know more about how this company put together its anti-Trump dossier from Russian Government sources?  Well, in light of recent news, the resistance from Democrats to this line of Trump/Russia inquiry is now a little more understandable. It turns out that the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee are the ones that paid Fusion GPS for the information they gathered from Russian Government sources.  I don't know whether the ranking member or her staff knew the facts earlier this year when I was trying to persuade her to do bipartisan followup work with Fusion GPS, but I do know that unless both sides are willing to ask tough questions no matter where the facts lead, there can be no bipartisan oversight.  We have learned that the Democratic National Committee paid for an anti-Trump dossier based on information from Russian Government sources. Second, we have learned that the inspector general uncovered evidence of partisan bias by a senior FBI official at the center of both the Clinton and the Trump-Russia investigations, which led to his dismissal from the Mueller team.  Before that news broke, back in October of this year, I wrote to the FBI official requesting voluntary cooperation and a private transcribed interview with the committee. The ranking member did not sign that letter. The committee has received no letter in reply. We are still waiting for documents from the FBI about his and other officials' participation in the draft Comey statement.  The FBI should comply voluntarily, but if they don't, I would issue a subpoena to require that the documents be provided and that the witness sit for a deposition. However, under our committee rules, I don't have the authority to do that without support from the ranking member.  Finally, I have long had concerns that the scope of the FBI Clinton investigation was artificially narrow. Recent revelations about these text messages showing political bias only heighten these concerns.  In recent Federal court rulings, the FBI said that the scope of the investigation was limited in two ways. First, it was limited to two issues dealing with the handling of classified information. Second, the scope of the FBI review was limited to the time when former Secretary Clinton was at the State Department. But what if there was evidence of crime not related to the mishandling of classified information? What if the facts showed some obstruction such as intentional destruction of documents after she was Secretary of State? Why exclude those topics from the scope of the inquiry? Who made those decisions? Why were those decisions made? Was there any political bias in those decisions? Certain areas should not be declared off limits beforehand in an investigation. An investigation should go--common sense--where the facts take it.  In multiple letters to the FBI last year, I raised concerns about the scope of the FBI investigation. I asked Director Comey back in May of 2016 whether the Justice Department had improperly narrowed the scope of the investigation to look at the mishandling of classified information and ignore other important legal issues. I wish to quote from that letter:       If federal records on the private server were hidden or      destroyed, then there may have been a violation of 18 USC      Section 2071, which prohibits concealing or destroying such      Federal records.       If any of the deleted emails were responsive to      Congressional inquiries or to agency inquiries, such as ones      from the State Department Inspector General, then there may      have been violations of 18 USC Sections 1505 and 1519,      respectively.  Later in my letter, I specifically asked whether the Justice Department limited the FBI's investigation in any way.  Then-Director Comey eventually responded months later. He claimed that the FBI did investigate whether the unlawful obstruction of Federal records occurred. But an FBI agent said under penalty of perjury that the FBI investigation did not include destruction of Federal records. So which is it? Who is telling the truth? The FBI agent who signed the affidavit, or is Mr. Comey right? Did the FBI really examine whether Secretary Clinton and her associates used the server to avoid Federal records retention requirements, or did Mr. Comey simply pay lipservice to that concern and focus only on classification issues?  Understanding what really happened is incredibly important, and let me tell my colleagues why. During the course of the FBI's investigation, it recovered thousands of work-related emails that were not turned over to the State Department by Secretary Clinton. The FBI also recovered work-related emails that Secretary Clinton and her associates apparently deleted. All of this is clear evidence of alienation of Federal records. Indeed, even the FBI's now-public investigative files show that the FBI had knowledge that Federal records were deleted.  The FBI's interview summary of Secretary Clinton said that she was asked about ``a PRN work ticket, which referenced a conference call among PRN, Kendall, and Mills on March 31, 2015.'' I am going to repeat that. She was asked about ``a PRN work ticket, which referenced a conference call among PRN, Kendall, and Mills on March 31, 2015.'' PRN stands for Platte River Networks, the company that administered Secretary Clinton's nongovernment server. Kendall is David Kendall, her lawyer. Mills is Cheryl Mills, her former Chief of Staff at the State Department.  Paul Combetta, the administrator of her server, was also on the conference call and was interviewed multiple times by the FBI. He admitted that he lied to the FBI in his initial interviews and got immunity from the FBI in exchange for agreeing to tell them the truth. According to the summary of that interview, Mr. Combetta deleted Secretary Clinton's email archives on March 31, 2015.  So we have a conference call with Secretary Clinton's attorneys on March 31, 2015, and on that very same day, her emails are deleted by someone who was on that conference call, using special BleachBit software. The emails were State Department records under subpoena by Congress.  What did the FBI do to investigate this apparent obstruction? According to affidavits filed in Federal court, absolutely nothing. The FBI focused only on the handling of classified information. Maybe now we know why.  Recently released FBI records show that by May 2, 2016, Mr. Comey sent around a draft of his statement exonerating Secretary Clinton. The FBI interview with Mr. Combetta hadn't even happened yet. The exoneration statement was already in progress before the key witness had coughed up the truth about deleting Federal records under subpoena by Congress.  Did the FBI look at obstruction in the Clinton case? Mr. Comey said the FBI looked very hard at obstruction, but that is hard to believe. Director Comey began drafting an exoneration statement in April or early May of 2016. That is months before he publicly announced that he would not recommend charges on July 5, 2016.  According to the testimony of senior FBI officials, Comey began drafting his statement early because the FBI knew where the investigation was headed. That is according to testimony of senior FBI officials. But at that point, the FBI had not yet interviewed 17 witnesses. That ought to be understood. They hadn't yet interviewed 17 witnesses. And one of those witnesses--can you believe it--was Secretary Clinton. Others included her closest aides and associates. How can you possibly know where an investigation is headed without interviewing the main witnesses and the subject of the investigation?  Maybe none of this raises any concerns for Democrats, but it should. The American people deserve to have the whole story. Congress and the public have a right to understand whether the fix was in from the very beginning. If so, then it must take steps to make sure it never happens again.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  