 President, I rise today to discuss some criticism I have heard about the nominee to fill the seat on the Supreme Court. That nominee is Neil Gorsuch.  My colleague, the minority leader, met with the nominee last week. Afterward, he told reporters that he had ``serious, serious concerns'' about the judge. Well, I guess I shouldn't be surprised--after all, it seems the minority leader had concerns about the nominee even before the nominee was announced.  Before Judge Gorsuch was announced, the minority leader made clear that any nominee must be ``mainstream.'' But it became clear immediately that this nominee is widely regarded as a mainstream judge with impeccable credentials. Liberal law professor Laurence Tribe says that ``he's a brilliant, terrific guy who would do the Court's work with distinction.'' Alan Dershowitz, who certainly is no conservative, says that Judge Gorsuch will be ``hard to oppose on the merits.'' Even President Obama's Acting Solicitor General, Neal Katyal, said Judge Gorsuch ``would help to restore confidence in the rule of law.'' The chorus goes on.  Apparently, because the nominee is so obviously mainstream, the benchmark for my colleague's concerns keeps changing. The minority leader has conveniently developed a new test. Now he says the benchmark is independence: ``The bar for the Supreme Court nominee to prove that they can be independent, has never, never been higher.''  Well, fortunately for the minority leader, Judge Gorsuch passes that bar with flying colors, just like he passed the ``mainstream'' test with flying colors. The nominee's record makes clear that he is an independent and fairminded judge who is deeply committed to the separation of powers.  Here is just one example from his many opinions on this point. Just last year, Judge Gorsuch had to decide a case about the authority of the Board of Immigration Appeals, or the BIA, which answers to the Attorney General. The BIA wanted to change the Attorney General's power to waive immigration requirements for illegal immigrants, and it wanted the new rules to apply to undocumented immigrants whose waiver applications were already in the works. The nominee said no to this executive agency. To be clear, Judge Gorsuch was asked to decide whether an executive agency in charge of immigration laws could change the law on a whim in a way that many believed was unfair to immigrants who had already sought waivers. He said no.  With due respect to my friend the minority leader, there is no doubt that Judge Gorsuch would say no to this or any other part of the executive branch that oversteps its bounds.  Here is what the nominee wrote about the separation of powers and executive branch overreach. For him to defer to the executive agency in that case would be ``more than a little difficult to square with the Constitution of the framers' design.'' That is because doing so would allow agency bureaucracy to ``swallow huge amounts of core judicial and legislative power,'' which the Constitution assigns to separate branches of government. So the nominee was concerned about the separation of powers. He was concerned about people whose liberties might be impaired, and because of those concerns, he said no to the immigration agency's policy whim of the day.  Judge Michael McConnell, a former colleague of Judge Gorsuch on the Tenth Circuit, makes the same observation about this case. He says the scope of executive power arguably ``will be the most common Supreme Court issue of the coming decade.'' He says the nominee analyzes that issue in a way that is faithful to the Constitution and to the independence of the judiciary, and he points to the nominee's thinking on this question. Judge Gorsuch wrote:       What would happen . . . if the political majorities who run      the legislative and executive branches could decide cases and      controversies over past facts? They might be tempted to bend      existing laws, to reinterpret them . . . [this would] risk      the possibility that unpopular groups might be singled out      for this sort of mistreatment--and [would] rais[e] along the      way, too, grave due process, fair notice, and equal      protection problems. . . . It was to avoid dangers like      these, dangers the founders had studied and seen realized in      their own time, that they pursued the separation of powers.  That is the writing of an independent judge who believes in the separation of powers.  You know, there is a bit of irony to some of the criticism I have heard leveled against Judge Gorsuch. On the one hand, I have heard that he will have to be independent and that he won't rubberstamp the President's agenda. On the other hand, I have heard that he will be way too tough on the executive branch as it fulfills the President's agenda. It is quite obvious that, common sense tells us as we look at those two arguments that we can't have it both ways.  Judge Gorsuch has shown he is faithful to the separation of powers in the Constitution. That means he will be an independent judge who will say no when the other branches of government overreach.  You don't need to take my word for it. Listen to President Obama's Acting Solicitor General, Neal Katyal. He is no fan of the President's Executive order, but he says that Judge Gorsuch ``will not compromise principle to favor the President who appointed him.'' Instead, the Solicitor General said the nominee ``would help to restore confidence in the rule of law.''  Judge Gorsuch's record and reputation leave no room to doubt that he is a mainstream, independent judge. He will apply the law fairly, and he won't be afraid to say no when the Constitution requires it.  Every time my colleague the minority leader has set out a standard for filling this Supreme Court seat, this judge has met it. He is mainstream. He is independent. And when my colleague chooses a new standard, I bet the nominee will also meet that new standard.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  