 President, I come to the floor to share real stories of real hardships from hard-working families in my home State of Iowa. Seven years ago, Americans were promised that the Affordable Care Act would make health insurance cheaper and healthcare more accessible. Well, I won't pretend to break any news here; the facts speak very much for themselves. ObamaCare is not living up to its promises. When passing the law, the other side made promises that they knew wouldn't be kept.  The irony here is that, at the end of the day, the so-called Affordable Care Act is anything but affordable. Let's look at the word ``affordable'' in the Webster dictionary. It says ``having a cost that is not too high.'' I have heard from many Iowans who tell me in no uncertain terms that they cannot afford to buy health insurance because ObamaCare is unaffordable. Ever since ObamaCare was enacted, I have received letters and calls and emails from Iowans who are frustrated about the soaring costs of their health plans.  Here is a prime example. One farmer's insurance premium went through the roof. It jumped 43 percent in 2017 from 2016. If somebody can explain how that is more affordable, I have an oceanfront property in my home county of Butler County, IA, to sell you.  Now, we have a chart here about another Iowan. This constituent from Garner, IA, wrote about her financial hardships. She said:       We are going to be paying over $1,300 a month on premiums,      plus a $6,000 deductible. We don't have that much longer      before we qualify for Medicare, but my concern is that until      then, we will have to use so much of our hard-earned savings      just to pay for healthcare. My fear is that those of us in      the middle class will struggle with paying so much that it      will wipe out our retirement savings accounts.  Another constituent nearby Garner, in Buffalo, IA, wrote to me saying:       I am forced to pay $230 a month for a healthcare plan that      covers nothing until I reach $11,000 in deductible. So on top      of paying 100 percent of my medical bills anyway, now I have      to pay for insurance I can't use.  So the question is, How did we get to this point? Seven years ago, I stood right here on the Senate floor and predicted what would happen to the cost of insurance if ObamaCare passed. Let's take a walk down memory lane for a moment. Here is what I said October 2009:       And while some of the supporters of these partisan bills      may not want to tell their constituents, we all know that as      national spending on healthcare increases, American families      will bear the burden in the form of higher premiums. So, let      me be very clear. As a result of the current pending      healthcare proposals, most Americans will pay higher premiums      for health insurance.  Now, I am not Nostradamus. I don't have a magic crystal ball, but it was easy to read the writing on the wall. I knew that layers of new taxes and, more importantly, burdensome new mandates in ObamaCare would lead us to where we find ourselves today: a broken healthcare system that is not better off than it was 7 years ago. For millions of Americans, it is much worse.  So where do we go from here? After 7 years of rapidly rising premiums, soaring deductibles, and climbing copays, Republicans are committed to fixing the damage caused by the Affordable Care Act. Instead of joining us in an effort to fix what is broken, the other side is doing their best to scare the living daylights out of Americans.  From the way they tell it, the House bill is ``deadly.'' What is truly fatal is the death spiral the ObamaCare marketplace is in. Not only is it unaffordable for too many people, it is simply unsustainable. ObamaCare is unable to fulfill its promises to the American people. Here is what every lawmaker in Congress ought to agree on: Insurance is not worth having if patients cannot afford to use it.  The facts are very clear. A one-size-fits-all, government-run plan is driving insurers out of the exchanges, driving up premiums, driving away customers, and driving up the tab to the tax-paying public. I spoke 2 days ago about the impact of Obamacare in Iowa. Next year it is possible that 94 of our 99 counties will not have insurance plans on the Obamacare exchange.  So even if you benefit from the subsidy of ObamaCare, you are not going to have an insurance company to go to. All of this because ObamaCare has overregulated, overtaxed, and oversold its promises to the American people. ObamaCare has not healed what ails the U.S. healthcare system. It is time to move forward.  I urge my colleagues to drop the partisan charade and join us for the good of the American people. I will continue coming to the floor to share how ObamaCare is not working for Iowans, but in the meantime, the Senate will continue working to rescue our healthcare system that is sinking under this broken law.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  