 President, I support Mr. Rosenstein's nomination to be Deputy Attorney General. Not only is he a very experienced and accomplished attorney, he has served in the Justice Department for almost three decades under five Presidents, but he served as the U.S. Attorney for the District of Maryland under both President Bush and President Obama--a very rare record of service. During his nominations hearing to be Deputy Attorney General, Mr. Rosenstein promised us that he would ``work to defend the integrity and independence of our justice department, to protect public safety, to preserve civil rights, to pursue justice, to advance the rule of law and to promote public confidence.''  However, many Members have mentioned they are concerned about the FBI Director's announcement of an investigation of Russia. And during his nominations hearing, Mr. Rosenstein was repeatedly asked if he would commit to appointing a special counsel to handle any investigation in this matter. I was impressed with his unfailing commitment to independence when he answered these questions.  Rather than prejudge investigations before he knows the facts, he unwaveringly promised to make decisions only after thoroughly reviewing all the relevant information in a particular case. He committed to not prejudge the situation before he knew the facts. And he committed to conducting every investigation with independence.  I personally believe Mr. Rosenstein possesses the necessary independence to conduct any investigation of this type. He told us he had never met with Russian officials nor has he spoken to the President or Attorney General about this matter. And he spoke in great length about his career-long commitment to independence and to conduct his work free from political concerns.  In fact, we already know that he has a well-known reputation for independence. In 2012, Attorney General Holder specifically asked Mr. Rosenstein to handle a special investigation into leaks of classified information because of his reputation for independence and impartiality.  When Republicans suggested a special prosecutor might be appropriate, members of the Judiciary Committee assured us that none was necessary precisely because Mr. Rosenstein was at the helm of the investigation. One member of the Committee described him as a ``scrupulous man'' and ``independent.'' There was ``no reason to believe why [he] cannot work with the FBI and assemble a very strong prosecution team where warranted.''  Mr. Rosenstein is still scrupulous and independent. If Mr. Rosenstein could conduct an investigation with independence under Holder then, he can certainly do it now. Furthermore, Mr. Rosenstein comes with high recommendations from a bipartisan list of former Attorneys General and Deputy Attorneys General. And he comes with high recommendations from his home state Senators, current and former.  Former Senator Mikulski wrote the committee and told us that he will be a ``strong, experienced leader at the Department of Justice who is fair and committed to the equal application of our laws'' and ``In these polarized times, now, more than ever we need a strong, experienced leader at the Department of Justice who is fair and committed to the equal application of our laws. I hope the Senate will confirm Rod Rosenstein for this important position.''  After Senator Cardin described all Mr. Rosenstein's professional accomplishments when he was introducing him at the hearing, he said, ``What impresses me the most, he has done this in a totally non-partisan manner.'' And concluded by saying, ``I think Mr. Rosenstein is the right person at the right time for Deputy Attorney General.''  Finally, James Cole, President Obama's Deputy Attorney General, wrote to inform the committee that Mr. Rosenstein will respect the need for the Department ``to not only enforce the laws, but to also maintain a level of independence that enables it to have credibility in the eyes of our citizens.''  From all I see and know about him, I believe Mr. Rosenstein will keep his promise for integrity and independence. He promised us if he is confirmed as Deputy Attorney General, ``all investigations under my supervision [will] be initiated and conducted in a fair, professional, and impartial manner, without regard to political considerations.'' We can't ask for anything more. I urge all my colleagues to join me in voting to confirm Mr. Rosenstein to be Deputy Attorney General.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  