 President, today the Senate will confirm Steven Engel to serve as Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel.  The Office of Legal Counsel, which we refer to as the OLC in the Judiciary Committee, functions as legal advisor to the President and executive branch agencies, providing advice on complex questions of constitutional and statutory interpretation. The OLC essentially serves as the general counsel to the executive branch.  Mr. Engel is well equipped to lead that office, both from the standpoint of academics and from the standpoint of background. Mr. Engel received his undergraduate degree from Harvard, his master's of philosophy from Cambridge University, and his law degree from Yale Law School.  Following his graduation, Mr. Engel clerked for Judge Kozinski of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and for Justice Kennedy on the Supreme Court. Mr. Engel joined the law firm of Kirkland & Ellis after clerking for Justice Kennedy. Mr. Engel's practice focused on appellate and commercial litigation matters.  In 2006, Mr. Engel joined the OLC as counsel to the Assistant Attorney General at that time and was later promoted to Deputy Assistant Attorney General. There he provided legal advice to the Attorney General, to the White House counsel, and other executive branch clients on a variety of legal matters.  In 2009, Mr. Engel joined the law firm of Dechert as a partner in the white collar and securities litigation group and later in that same firm as a member of the complex commercial litigation group.  Mr. Engel's nomination has broad support across the legal community. The Senate Judiciary Committee received a number of letters in support of his nomination. One such letter is signed by former Attorneys General Mukasey and Gonzales, as well as former Deputy Attorneys General Filip, Morford, and McNulty. Other letters of support were received from his coclerks on the Supreme Court, a group of Mr. Engel's former colleagues, Yale Law School classmates, and Harvard Law Professor Jack Goldsmith. Mr. Engel also received an endorsement from the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association of the city of New York, which is the largest police union in New York City.  Another letter from former senior government officials and legal officers of the executive branch, including Kenneth Wainstein and Michael Hayden, noted their ``enthusiastic support'' for Mr. Engel's nomination. Wainstein and Hayden wrote: ``We are confident that as head of OLC, Steve will render legal opinions with the highest level of professional integrity and according to his best understanding of what the law and the Constitution require.''  Mr. Engel and I met this summer, and we discussed the importance of congressional oversight and the essential role played by Members of this body and the House of Representatives. He assured me that he agreed that each Member, whether or not a chairman of a committee, is a constitutional officer entitled to the respect and best efforts of the executive branch to respond to his or her requests for information. Further, he committed to review the May 1, 2017, OLC opinion on this very issue and to consider whether a more complete analysis of the issue is necessary.  You may remember that my interest in this whole thing goes back to early in this new administration, when people working for the President and presumably speaking for the President said that the only oversight letters that would be responded to would be those from chairmen of committees. Now, you can imagine that leaves outat least 30-some Republicans that would never get answers to their oversight letters, and it would leave out 48 Democrats that would never get answers to their letters. Consequently, most of Congress would not be able to do their constitutional role of oversight, making sure that the executive branch is in enforcing the laws and spending the money according to what we require. So I raised that issue through a 7-page letter to the White House, and they came and visited with me about it.  I think they had some misunderstanding of what oversight was all about. They wrote a letter that said they are going to respond to every Member of Congress on oversight issues, which satisfies me from the standpoint of their intent.  As I just said in my remarks here, Mr. Engel committed to review that May 1, 2017, OLC opinion on this issue and to consider whether a more complete analysis of the issue is necessary because every Member of Congress should be able to do oversight, and every Member of Congress ought to expect an answer to their letters from the executive branch of the government, whether they are a chairman or not, whether they are a Republican or not, whether they are a Member of the House or a Member of the Senate. I want to make sure that we follow through on this, although I will give this administration credit for almost totally reversing an opinion that they issued way back in May.  The head of OLC is a highly important role at the Department of Justice, and it is a role whose importance is felt throughout the Federal Government. Just to show you how it is felt throughout the entire government, let me tell you that they issued an opinion in the previous administration on something to do with the work of inspectors general throughout the government, previously, or maybe originally, intended to say what the inspectors general could demand or not demand. We understand that the law passed in 1979 says that an inspector general can be entitled to any information he wants from that department, but they issued an opinion--the OLC person at that time--along the lines of, well, there are some areas that maybe the head of the agency has to review, which means that the 1979 law isn't being carried out in the spirit. That is kind of an example because that opinion from the Justice Department was used by general counsels throughout the administration of Obama to keep Congress from doing its oversight work. That is how important the person who is the head of the Office of Legal Counsel is in determining what goes on in the executive branch of government--enough to stifle the oversight work of the Congress of the United States or the work of the inspectors general of each department.  So I see Mr. Engel as a person who is going to be a friend of congressional oversight and, if he isn't, I am going to be very, very disappointed. He has satisfied me through his testimony before our committee and through the promises he made in letters to me and in the privacy of my office that he is going to do that. So we are ending up with a Mr. Engel who is, as you can see, very well qualified to take on such a role as Assistant Attorney General of the Office of Legal Counsel.  I urge my colleagues to support Mr. Engel's nomination and confirm him to this important position.  I yield the floor.  