 It was at that time the Senate Democrats began an unprecedented and systemic filibuster of President George W. Bush's circuit court nominees.  Then the tables turned. President Obama was elected, and Republicans held the Senate minority. At that time, even though many of us did not like the idea of using the filibuster on judicial nominees, we also recognized that we could not have two sets of rules--one for Republican Presidents and one for Democratic Presidents.  Our party defeated two nominees for the lower courts by filibuster and denied cloture to three of President Obama's nominees to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. But the other side did not appreciate being subject to the rules that they first established and started using in 2003 to filibuster judges. So at that point, in 2013, they decided to change the rules of the Senate.  By the way, they changed the rules by breaking the rules. I say that because the rules of the Senate say it takes a two-thirds vote to change therules of the Senate, but they changed it by a majority vote. Now at that time, as we all know, Majority Leader Reid changed the rules for all Cabinet nominations and lower court nominees. To say that my colleagues and I were disappointed is a gross understatement.  The majority claimed that they left intact the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees. But my view back in 2013, when they did that, was that the distinction Majority Leader Reid drew between lower court nominees and Supreme Court nominees was not a meaningful one. My view, in 2013, was that Majority Leader Reid had effectively eliminated the filibuster for both lower court nominees and the Supreme Court.  Here is the reason. There are two circumstances where this issue might conceivably arise: either you have a Democrat in the White House and a Democrat-controlled Senate or you have a Republican in the White House and a Republican-led Senate.  In the first, there was a Democrat in the White House and the party led by Leader Reid and Leader-in-Waiting Schumer was in the majority. If for some extraordinary reason Senate Republicans chose to filibuster the nominee, there is no question that a Majority Leader Reid or a Majority Leader Schumer would change the rules.  Now, I do not believe that this particular circumstance would ever arise, because our side does not believe in filibustering Supreme Court nominees. I have never voted to filibuster a Supreme Court nominee, not once. I think I have a pretty good sense of the rest of our caucus. Our side just does not believe in it. It is not much more complicated than that simple commonsense statement I just made.  Of course, even if for some extraordinary reason our side did choose to filibuster a Supreme Court nominee, we do not have to speculate as to whether the other side would have changed the precedent with respect to the Supreme Court. Last year, when everyone thought that Secretary Clinton was going to win the election, their own Vice-Presidential candidate said that they would change the rules if they needed to if we had a Republican filibuster.  Then, of course, the other circumstance where this issue would arise is what we have seen this very day--a Republican in the White House and a Republican-controlled Senate. We saw this very day that the minority was willing to take that last step and engage in the first partisan filibuster in U.S. history.  As I have repeatedly discussed, because they were willing to do it with a nominee as well-qualified as Judge Gorsuch, it proved, without a shadow of a doubt, that they would filibuster any one submitted by this Republican President. That is why, on the day that Majority Leader Reid took that unprecedented action in 2013 to break the Senate rules to change the Senate rules, I spoke on the floor.  I concluded my remarks this way. So I want to quote myself:       So the majority has chosen to take us down this path. The      silver lining is that there will come a day when the rolls      are reversed. When that happens, our side will likely      nominate and confirm lower court and Supreme Court nominees      with 51 votes, regardless of whether the Democrats actually      buy into this fanciful notion that they can demolish the      filibuster on the lower court nominees and still preserve it      for the Supreme Court nominees.  That is what I said when Reid took that extraordinary step. So though I am extremely pleased that we will confirm such an exceptional nominee to the Supreme Court in the next day or so, I am, of course, disappointed with what we were forced to do to get it done. Sadly, I cannot say I am surprised. I think my surprise, or the fact that I can't be surprised--you can tell it from what I said back there, what I just quoted from the 2013 speech that I gave.  I knew when Majority Leader Reid did it in 2013 that this is where we were headed. That is where we ended earlier this afternoon. But the bottom line is that you cannot have two sets of rules. You cannot clothe yourself in the tradition of a filibuster while simultaneously conducting the very first partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee in history. You cannot demand a rules change only when it suits the Democratic Members of this body.  You just can't have it both ways. You can't use the Senate rules as both a shield and a sword. But I must say, the one thing that does not disappoint me is this: The nominee to take Justice Scalia's seat is eminently qualified. He will apply the law faithfully without respect to persons. He is a judge's judge. Come some time tomorrow, we will all start calling him Justice Gorsuch.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Blunt). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  