 President, we are continuing to debate the nomination of Judge Gorsuch to serve as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle have said that this is an important moment for the Senate. I couldn't agree more.  I think it is important to reflect on why we are here and how we got here. Before I turn to the Supreme Court and the current debate, let me take just a few minutes to talk about lower court nominees and provide a little bit of history and context, especially for the benefit of some of the Senators who weren't here over the last few years.  I am going to start way back in the spring of 2001. President George W. Bush had just been elected President. As we all know, it was a close election, and it was hard fought. The Senate was closely divided, with the Republicans in control. Given how close the Presidential election was, there were elements of the hard left who refused to accept the results of that election. Some blamed Ralph Nader, others blamed Governor Jeb Bush, and still others blamed the Supreme Court. Many on the hard left claimed that President George W. Bush wasn't a ``legitimate'' President. Liberal interest groups were egging on the Democratic leadership to fight the new President at every turn.  That still sounds very familiar for this year we are in.  At the same time, one major concern for the hard-left liberal interest groups was that President Bush, who they claimed wasn't legitimate, would be able to nominate conservative judges. Again, doesn't that sound familiar?  Senator Cornyn went over some of this same subject yesterday, but it deserves discussion now, and it serves as a reminder of where we have been before because sometimes the past predicts the future.  So in the spring of 2001, the hard-left interest groups went to the Senate Democratic leadership with a plan. According to the New York Times, ``42 of the Senate's 50 Democrats attended a private retreat . . . where a principal topic was forging a unified party strategy to combat the White House on judicial nominees.'' Thinking about 2017, doesn't that sound a little familiar?  At that meeting--Cass Sunstein, Marcia Greenberger, and Laurence Tribe spoke at the retreat and pitched to the Democrats who were present their idea of how this crusade could proceed.  According to one attendee, ``They said it was important for the Senate to change the ground rules, and there was no obligation to confirm someone just because they are scholarly and erudite.''  Well, let's think about that for a moment. Why do you suppose they believed they needed to ``change the ground rules'' for confirming judges? It is because up to that point you didn't filibuster judges. You just didn't. You heard the majority leader speak to that point in his short remarks this morning about how things have changed after more than 200 years.  Well, as it happened, less than a month after the caucus retreat, Senator Jeffords from Vermont switched parties and began caucusing with the Democrats. That threw the majority to the Democrats for the next 18 months. Then they lost the election of 2002, and in the spring of 2003, Republicans were back in the majority.  Now back in the minority, Senate Democrats went ahead with the plans that were enunciated at that retreat to ``change the ground rules.'' For the first time in the history of the Senate, they began to systematically filibuster circuit court nominees--not because they believed the nominees weren't qualified. The nominees were qualified. And it was not because they believed the nominees didn't have the necessary experience. The nominees did have the necessary experience. They filibustered those nominees because they believed they were conservative judges.  So with respect to appellate court nominees, Senate Democrats, at the behest of the far left, took the unprecedented step of using the filibuster in a very systematic way for the first time in Senate history. At the time, there was a lot of debate about changing the rules, dubbed the so-called nuclear option, so that nominees would be afforded an up-or-down vote, consistent with the Senate's history and practice.  Well, Republicans exercised restraint and agreed to step back. Then President Obama became President. Our side didn't like the use of a filibuster for judges, but we also didn't think there should be two sets of rules--one for a Republican President and one for a Democratic President. Common sense tells you that is a legitimate position to take.  We defeated two circuit court nominees, one to the Ninth Circuit and one to the DC Circuit. Then President Obama nominated three individuals to the DC Circuit. Our side denied cloture on those three nominees to the DC Circuit.  Well, at that point, their side didn't like playing by the rules they wrote, so then-Majority Leader Reid took another unprecedented step. In November of 2013, he utilized the so-called nuclear option to eliminate the very tactic they pioneered. The nuclear option becomes effectively the regroup.  So that is how the filibuster was first used on lower court nominees and later eliminated. Senate Democrats took the unprecedented step to utilize that. Then when it no longer benefited them, they used unprecedented means to eliminate it.  This brings me back to where we are today and the rest of this week--talking about a Supreme Court nominee, Judge Gorsuch.  Everyone knows we had a big debate last year about whether to proceed with the Garland nomination. There were 52 Republicans who believed we should follow Senate history and tradition and not proceed with the nomination in the middle of a heated election year.  I know it frustrates my colleagues to hear me say it, but fact is that in 1992, when then-Senator Biden was chairman of the Judiciary Committee, he announced that he wouldn't hold a hearing to fill a vacancy in the last year of President Bush's term. So last year, we followed the precedent that then-Senator Biden described in 1992 for all of the same reasons he discussed.  You get back to this commonsense principle: Can you have one rule for Republican Presidents and another rule for Democratic Presidents? We didn't feel you could. And, of course, everyone in this Chamber knows that if the shoe were on the other foot, the Democrats would have done the same thing, because they said they would. In fact, President Obama's former White House Counsel admitted as much. She said she would have recommended the same course of action if the tables were turned.  So now here we are, April 2017, with the nominee before us. Just as in 2001, we have just had a very contentious Presidential election. It was close. It was hard fought, and frankly, some onthe hard left refused to accept the results of the election. Once again, leftwing groups are egging on the minority leader to take another unprecedented step with respect to judicial nominations. Only this time they want him to lead the very first partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nomination in U.S. history. Based on the vote we had yesterday, it appears 44 Democrats are prepared to follow the minority leader on this fool's errand. No Supreme Court nomination in our country's entire history has ever failed because of a partisan filibuster. There is no getting around that fact.  Abe Fortas, whom I have referred to, was subjected to a bipartisan filibuster over ethical concerns when President Johnson tried to elevate him to be Chief Justice.  Justice Thomas was confirmed by a vote of 52 to 48. I was here for that nomination. A single Senator--any Senator--could have demanded a cloture vote, but out of 100 Senators, none did. Why? For the simple, commonsense fact and 200 years of history that you don't filibuster a Supreme Court nomination.  But today is entirely different. The minority is committed to filibustering this fine nominee in the first partisan filibuster in U.S. history.  So here we are. The President has nominated an exceptionally qualified judge to take Justice Scalia's seat on the Supreme Court. The Democrats will break new ground again by conducting a partisan filibuster of the nominee. Republicans aren't the ones breaking new ground here. As a matter of fact, the Democrats' own Vice Presidential nominee last year emphatically promised that the Democrats would further change the rules to make sure an expected-President Clinton's nominees couldn't be filibustered.  So at the end of the day, the fact is that if Democrats insist on a filibuster, the Republicans will insist on following the practice that Senators have followed for more than 200 years, and that is not to have a partisan filibuster for somebody going to the Supreme Court. We don't conduct partisan filibusters of Supreme Court nominees, and we certainly are not going to start with this highly qualified nominee.  I hope those that think back 16 or 17 years--when this meeting of Democrats in retreat came to the conclusion that you had to break new ground--realize that they have poisoned the well of the comity traditional of the Senate. I think maybe a lot of them realize that was a mistake, as we realized that was a mistake, and it would be nice to get back to the comity of the Senate that existed on judges prior to 15 or 16 years ago. But that is going to take people on their side who were present at that same retreat who are still in the U.S. Senate to drill a new well, because the present one is poisoned, and we need to get back to the comity that we have had.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  