 President, I would like to address the issue we are voting on in a few minutes. The Senate will vote on the nomination of Michigan Supreme Court Justice Joan Larsen to serve on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.  Though she currently lives in Michigan, Justice Larsen was born in and hails from my State of Iowa. In fact, she and I share the same alma mater, the University of Northern Iowa, for our bachelor's degrees. I have also learned, since meeting Justice Larsen, that her father was the longtime CEO of the Lutheran Services in Iowa. He is now retired, but during the time he was the CEO, he was the very same person with whom I often met for breakfast when he would come to Washington to tell us about the concerns of the Lutheran Services in Iowa. At that time, I never knew I might be speaking in favor of his daughter. I didn't even know of his daughter at that time. So I am proud to see a fellow Iowan and such an eminently qualified nominee be nominated to the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.  For those who may not be familiar with her career and accomplishments, a few minutes will give me an opportunity to share them with you. I think you will find, as I have, that Justice Larsen is particularly well suited to serve as a Federal appellate judge.  Justice Larsen has an outstanding academic record, having received numerous awards during her undergraduate and law school careers. Justice Larsen was a Presidential Scholar at the University of Northern Iowa and graduated with the highest honors. She graduated first in her class at the Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law, where she won the Justice John Paul Stevens Award for Academic Excellence and served as editor of the Northwestern University Law Review.  She began her legal career as a clerk for Judge Sentelle on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and then clerked for Justice Scalia on the U.S. Supreme Court. Following her clerkships, Justice Larsen joined the DC firm of Sidley Austin, one of the largest law firms in the United States. Justice Larsen spent 2 years as Deputy Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel, where she provided legal advice to the President and executive agencies on difficult issues of constitutional and statutory interpretation.  Justice Larsen has taught constitutional law and criminal law at the University of Michigan Law School since 1998, where she has earned the respect of faculty members and students alike. She won the L. Hart Wright Award for Excellence in Teaching early in her teaching career. In addition to her teaching responsibilities, Justice Larsen ran Michigan's clerkship program, helping hundreds of students and alumni pursue clerkships at the Federal and State levels. As an adjunct professor, she continues to run the law school's Moot Court Program.  Her colleagues at the University of Michigan praised Justice Larsen and wrote:       Even among the talented and ambitious lawyers at an elite      law school, Joan stands out for her ability to make the      penetrating insight that untangles some knotty problem of      statutory interpretation or judiciary doctrine. Especially      distinctive, moreover, is the rigor and even-handedness she      brings to her analysis.  I will share one more example from that letter because I think it addresses some of my colleagues' concerns, who are on the other side of the aisle, as to her approach to the law.  Her colleagues wrote:       For those of us who have found ourselves on the opposite      side of a debate with Joan about a case, a statute, or some      broader issue of constitutional history, she has demonstrated      time and again that she is both a gracious and intellectually      honest partner in the collaborative project of figuring      things out. What matters for Joan is not winning but working      out the right answer.  Now I bring emphasis to this last sentence.       Even when you disagree with her, it is impossible not to      respect her and to take pleasure in the process of refining      the issues actually in dispute.  In other words, as I see it, Justice Larsen is and will be a jurist who seeks to find the right answer, never simply one she prefers as a matter of policy.  We can already see from her time on the Michigan Supreme Court that Justice Larsen is a principled jurist with an impressive legal acumen. She has served with distinction on that court since she was appointed in 2015. It happens that she was elected to the position in 2016, in her own right, by a resounding majority, winning every county in Michigan. Colleagues on the court have praised her sharp legal analysis, her clear and crisp writing, and, most importantly, her work ethic.  Outside the courtroom, Justice Larsen is actively involved in volunteer efforts to serve disadvantaged children, and she works with Michigan's veterans, drugs, sobriety, and mental health court programs.  Some of my colleagues have said they will not support the nominationbecause Justice Larsen was included on President Trump's short list for the Supreme Court. Is there anything wrong with the President suggesting whom he is going to put on the Supreme Court if he is elected President? If you look at her background, it should be no surprise that she was included on that list. She is an accomplished legal academic, a mainstream jurist, and is well respected on a bipartisan basis throughout the legal community.  Because my colleagues have been concerned about everyone on that list, at her hearing, I asked Justice Larsen when she learned that her name was on that list. She replied: ``The date it was announced . . . it was a complete surprise to me.''  I also asked her about judicial independence and whether she could rule against the President who nominated her.  She replied:       I would have no trouble ruling against the President who      appointed me or any successor President as well. Judicial      independence means one thing, one very simple thing--  At this point I want to emphasize--     and that is putting the law above everything else, the      statutes passed by this body, and the Constitution of the      United States. So I would have absolutely no trouble, and,      indeed, that would be my duty.  Here is the most outrageous reason I have heard for voting against Justice Larsen. This should surprise a lot of people. Some in the minority have suggested that she is somehow responsible for outside groups running ads that support her nomination in Michigan. The claim that she is responsible for the action of an outside group is ridiculous, and the allegation that these ads are in some way a guarantee of how she will rule in the future is the most absurd thing I have heard based upon her answers to my questions.  I find it interesting that my colleagues who are complaining about conservative groups do not seem to have the same concern for groups on the left that are spending money in opposition to these nominees. One such group, Alliance for Justice, routinely issues reports and press releases on judicial nominees. Oftentimes, these so-called reports put forward incendiary and false criticisms of these nominees. My colleagues even make the same incendiary attacks against the nominees as these outside groups do. In other words, they use the same talking points. I do not hear that my colleagues on the other side are up in arms about their spending millions of dollars to oppose nominees.  Of course, some may remember that last year groups on the left coordinated attacks on this Senator. I was followed all over Iowa by these groups and their members. They ran ads against me and put up billboards that opposed my election, and that had something to do with the Supreme Court, as one might recall. I don't remember hearing any of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle complain about all of the money those groups were spending at that time.  As I have said before, I expect that outside groups on the left and on the right want to have their voices heard in the nomination process. Isn't that something to do with what we call democracy, representative government, freedom of speech, freedom of association? There is nothing wrong with that, whether it is done by the right or the left, but I take issue with complaints from the other side that do not acknowledge that all sides have interest groups that are spending and engaging in the judicial nomination process. It was completely appropriate for Justice Larsen not to wade in on the political debate regarding those political ads. Her answers to those questions were exactly what I would expect an independent nominee to say, particularly if she wants to be independent of any President who appoints her when she is appointed to the bench.  Justice Larsen's nomination is supported by a broad and diverse coalition of lawyers, judges, and academic colleagues. It is easy to see why, for she is an accomplished and well-respected academic. She is a brilliant and independent jurist. Her careful and well-reasoned legal analysis puts her squarely within the mainstream of legal thought. I urge my colleagues, in a few minutes, to vote for her nomination.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  