 Mr. Chairman, next week, we will be having other bills in front of us. We are looking forward to having the Financial Services bill on the floor next week, and I believe we will have other appropriations bills for the balance of the month. As we get back to regular order, we want to have all 12 bills brought to the floor and debated. The chairman has done a great job of moving this committee back to its historic importance in this institution, and we appreciate your continued support in that process.  As I mentioned on the Forest Service funding allocations, we are continuing to work to make sure that moneys are available to fund Forest Service research and development and to make sure that the analysis and inventory program continues to be funded. The forests, we recognize, are a renewable resource. Domestically produced timber supports local communities and the U.S. industry, especially in the West. It also helps reduce fuel loads in our national forests. This is greatly needed, especially now, because these fires are burning hotter, fire seasons are growing longer, and more communities are at risk.  Our forests need to be managed, Mr. Chairman. The Forest Service estimates that up to 2 million acres of land need to be actively managed. In the Rocky Mountains alone, 45 million acres have been affected by the bark beetle. We have seen results of the bark beetle back in my area of southern California where thousands of acres have been devastated by this beetle that attacks weakened trees, which certainly exposes a problem to wildfire conditions. Once those wildfires start, then those fires quickly become catastrophic as we have seen just recently in a fire in the San Bernardino National Forest.  We were fortunate that the 2014 fire season was well below the normal with just 87 percent of the 10-year average. We are praying that that is going to occur in the 2015 fire season, but we can't be sure. Most people believe that that is not going to occur and that, because of the drought, especially in the West, we could have catastrophic conditions and that we could have wildfires that can certainly grow out of control.  Mr. Chairman, 2 percent of the wildfires cost more money than the other 98 percent, so that is why we need to continue to invest resources wisely and to make sure that we get rid of hazardous materials, that we manage our forests properly in order for us not to have these catastrophic fires. These figures are combined with the fact that California, my home State, suffers through this exceptional drought. Other parts of the country, including Minnesota, have the potential for above normal wildfire activity in the next few months, and that is extremely, extremely worrisome.  I would like to talk a little bit about the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I know we would have liked to have appropriated more money for the Land and Water Conservation Fund, but we are acting under these allocations, and we were just restricted on what we could do. Yet what we wanted to do was to focus back to the original intent of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which was recreation and State and local acquisitions. In this bill, the administration is directed to prioritize limited Federal acquisitions in which opportunities for recreation and local and State congressional support are the strongest.  The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.  