Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment.  I yield back the balance of my time.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I want to restate: On June 25 when National Park Service Director Jon Jarvis requested that Confederate flag sales be removed from national park bookstores and gift shops, he also followed a decision by several large national retailers--Walmart, Amazon, and Sears--to stop selling items with Confederate flags on them, and I agreed with these decisions. I commend those for their prompt action.  While in certain and very limited circumstances, it might be appropriate in a national park to display the image of the Confederate flag in a historical context--and I say that as a social studies teacher--the general display or sale of Confederate flag items is inappropriate and divisive. I support limiting their use.  I strongly oppose this amendment, which is an attempt to negate amendments which were approved yesterday without any opposition to limit the displaying of the Confederate flag, and so we should make sure that we uphold what this House stood for yesterday, which is to say no to racism, which is to say no to hate speech.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. Calvert).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.  The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word.  The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, as we prepare to finish consideration of H.R. 2822, I want to take this opportunity to congratulate my subcommittee chairman, Ken Calvert, for getting this bill to this point.  It has not been an easy process, as we just realized a few moments ago. We have had to consider nearly twice as many amendments as any other appropriations bill taken up in the House this year.  While I have not agreed with a considerable number of the amendments that have been made to the bill, I do appreciate that the chairman and I have been able to disagree when necessary without ever being disagreeable. My working relationship with Chairman Calvert has been first rate. I appreciate the hard work and effort he has put into the bill.  Let me also express my sincere thanks to the committee staff on both sides of the aisle, as well as the personal staff in both of our respective offices for their work on the bill. They put in long hours to smooth a way for consideration of this bill, and I appreciate their efforts.  Once again, I want to say that we have had a good working relationship, Mr. Chair, but I cannot hide my surprise and my outrage that we find ourselves here tonight attempting to overturn the National Park Service recent policy change to stop allowing the Confederate flag to be displayed or sold at our national parks.  