 While the President may have proposed a budget that exceeds this bill, the increases were paid for with proposals and gimmicks that would never be enacted. This bill makes tough choices within an allocation that adheres to current law.  While difficult trade-offs had to be made, the bill in its current form balances our needs. These trade-offs were carefully weighed for their respective impacts and are responsible.  We prioritize funding for fire suppression, PILT, and meeting our moral obligations in Indian Country, yet the gentlewoman's amendment proposes an across-the-board cut on every one of those programs.  This amendment makes no distinction between where we need to be spending to invest in energy independence and where we need to limit spending to meet our deficit reduction goals.  And, I may point out, the spending problem is not within these discretionary appropriation bills, which we are debating at the present time. It exists primarily in entitlement spending.  So I hope we can spend as much energy on the entitlement side of the budget as we are on the discretionary side of the budget. If so, we would fix our budget problems.  I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this amendment.  I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum).  Ms. McCOLLUM. I thank the chairman for yielding me the time.  Mr. Chair, this amendment I strongly oppose. It institutes a 1 percent across-the-board cut.  A few interesting things about the Interior bill. This bill before us today is $2 billion, $2 billion below 2010-enacted levels. And when you adjust this bill for inflation, it is at 2005 levels.  This amendment indiscriminately cuts programs without any thought to the merit of the program that is contained in this bill.  For instance, this would result in fewer patients being able to be seen at the Indian Health Service; fewer safety inspectors ensuring accidents do not occur; deferred maintenance on our Nation's drinking water and sanitation infrastructure, which is already underfunded in this bill.  More generally, investments in our environmental infrastructure and public lands will just be halted, and associated jobs would be lost with it.  As I said earlier, this bill is already underfunded, underfunded. When adjusted for inflation, it is at 2005 levels. This amendment would not encourage agencies to do more with less. It would simply force agencies and our constituents to do less with less.  So I urge Members to oppose this amendment.  