Chair, our national debt continues to pose a serious threat to our future economic growth and national security. If we fail to act, these threats will grow and the risk to our country will be far greater.  Like so many American households know all too well, balancing a budget is never easy. The budget process requires us to make a number of hard choices between priorities we all support. However, there is no doubt that if we fail to make these difficult decisions today, we will face even more ominous options in the years ahead.  If we followed President Obama's budget plan that's exactly where it would take us--more spending, more debt, and more kicking the can down the road. That's not leadership.  Thankfully, House Republicans have chosen to once again pursue a responsible path that leads to a truly balanced budget. I want to applaud Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price and the rest of our colleagues on the committee for drafting a budget that cuts more than $5 trillion in spending and balances the budget in less than 10 years without raising taxes.  The House budget will enhance our economic future by calling for a fairer, simpler tax code and repealing the job-killing provisions in ObamaCare, including its taxes, regulations and mandates. The plan promotes freedom of choice, affordability, and patient-centered heath care solutions.  In order to protect our national security, the House budget will ensure necessary funding is provided for troop training, equipment and compensation. Defense spending under the plan will be greater than the level proposed in the President's budget and will ensure readiness. The budget also includes provisions that will improve the efficiency in the Defense Department, including the civilian workforce. Specifically, the budget contains language that echoes the REDUCE Act, legislation that I have introduced that would require any reductions in military end strength be accompanied by appropriate reductions in the civilian workforce in order to maintain a ratio that more closely resembles the historical average.  There's no question that the House budget requires a number of sacrifices, but American families make and live with similar sacrifices every day and they expect our government to do the same. President Obama may not understand that, but I do and I encourage all of my colleagues to support the House Republican budget and its path towards a brighter economic future and a more secure America.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Tom Price).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it.  