Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to the incredible life of a dear friend, Elaine Matzner, who passed away on October 3, 2015 at her home in Palm Springs, California, surrounded by family. Elaine was a woman full of life and a pillar of the Palm Springs community; she will be deeply missed.  Elaine was born on October 6, 1933 in southern New Jersey to the owners of a fruit farm. Desiring a different life from her parents, she left the farm choosing to further her education by attending Drexel University. It was there that she met her husband Eric. After the couple married, settled down and had spent a few years raising a young family in New Jersey, Elaine and Eric decided to move their family to Southern California. They moved to Hacienda Heights and then later to Palm Springs.  She was a woman of many passions, including business, travel, and family. Elaine opened the clothing store La Mariposa in Palm Springs with her daughter Lisa and daughter-in-law Diane. After years raising a family she wanted to find a new outlet and Elaine enjoyed being a small business owner and entrepreneur. La Mariposa imported luxury goods and clothing from all over South and Central America. The store became a fixture to the residents and tourists of the Palm Springs area.  Elaine pursued her passion of culture and travel by indulging in numerous family trips over the years that included seven African safaris, 49 states and over 50 countries. She never let age slow her down on any trip. One of her favorite memories was climbing Huayna Picchu, in Peru, the cliff above Machu Picchu in the rain, when she was 65. Elaine took enjoyment from experiencing the new places she visited, their unique histories, and their people.  Elaine's biggest passion throughout her life was her family. She had a deep love of her family and involved them in every aspect of her life. Elaine took enormous pride in watching the growth and achievements of her children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren over the years.  Elaine is survived by her brother Reed Heritage of Sacramento, California; her four children, Bruce, Lisa, Jill and Evan; her five grandchildren; and three great grandchildren. I extend my heartfelt condolences to the entire Matzner family and friends during this time; although Elaine may be gone--the life, energy, and wit that she brought to the world remains and will never be forgotten.