Chairman, as I mentioned, so long as sage-grouse are not under imminent threat of extinction, cooperative conservation must be given a chance to work. That is why this bill maintains a 1-year delay in any decision to list the sage-grouse along with full funding to implement conservation efforts.  House consideration of this bill is the next step in a long legislative process. I hope, over the coming months, we will come together, as we do each year, to find common ground. In that spirit, I look forward to continuing to work with Ms. McCollum and Members of the House on both sides of the aisle. As this bill moves forward, hopefully, the Senate will act on a bill soon, and we will be able to get back to regular order, which is, I think, the hope for both sides.  In closing, I want to thank the staffs on both sides for their hard work on this bill. On the minority side, I would like to thank Rick Healy, Rita Culp, Joe Carlile, as well as Rebecca Taylor. They played an integral role in the process, and their efforts are very much appreciated. On the majority side, I would like to thank subcommittee staff Kristin Richmond, Jackie Kilroy, Betsy Bina, Jason Gray, Darren Benjamin, and Dave LesStrang. On my personal staff, I would also like to thank Ian Foley, Rebecca Keightley, Alexandra Berenter, and Tricia Evans for their great work.  Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill, and I have enjoyed the debate over the last couple of days.  One thing I also want to talk about under my 5 minutes is on the wildfire and hazardous fuel management program. It was mentioned earlier in the debate that we are attempting to work out an agreement on both sides so that we can move Mr. Simpson's language forward in his hazardous wildfire bill, H.R. 167. We are looking for cosponsors of the bill, and we hope to get more support for that bill as we move this process forward.  As I mentioned earlier, we did fund the bill to the 10-year average, but this is still not going to be sufficient if we have the significant wildfire year that we expect. A catastrophic fire can literally burn through any amounts of money that we may have set aside, and it causes disruptions within the Department of the Interior and the Department of Forestry in how they manage those accounts, which we also discussed, which is not good management on our part. So I would hope we can move ahead with Mr. Simpson's bill as quickly as possible.  We also discussed the Endangered Species Act, and we continue to talk about the States and the difficulties that they are having in working with the Fish and Wildlife Service and with other agencies in trying to work out their State plans that deal with these significant issues. As we look at our sage-grouse strategy, we have 11 States involved in this program. We are doing everything we can to have a cooperative program with private landowners, the State land, and the Federal land to make sure that we continue to have sage-grouse. We want to make sure that the sage-grouse persists, and that is why we funded both the BLM and the Fish and Wildlife Service to the requested amounts in order to make sure that we have the resources available to do that.  Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis).  