Speaker, I rise today to support the fiscal year 2016 Omnibus Appropriations bill.  The Interior division of the Omnibus is a very difficult piece of the bill with many competing needs and interests. This legislation attempts to fairly balance the needs of our agencies and programs. It also continues the Subcommittee's work on fire, domestic energy production, the National Parks, and tribal programs.  This bill provides funding for fire suppression at the 10-year average level and includes a total of $1 billion in the FLAME wildfire suppression reserve account to help avoid the need to borrow resources from other forest programs to put out wildland fires. It also provides additional resources to reduce hazardous fuel loads on public lands.  It provides additional funding for the National Park Service, including new funds for initiatives related to the Service's Centennial next year and the Centennial Challenge matching grant program. This bill makes significant investments in healthcare, law enforcement and educational programs in Indian Country. We have made a concerted effort to meet our moral and legal obligations, and to honor our longstanding commitments, to American Indians and Alaska Natives.  This bill also promotes voluntary, non-regulatory fish and wildlife conservation programs in partnership with States and Tribes, and increases funding for important international programs.  This bill builds on previous efforts to promote domestic energy and mineral development both onshore and offshore. I know that many Western Members are disappointed--I'm disappointed. Many important and well-developed policy provisions so important to the west were removed at the insistence of the other side of the aisle and in deference to a unique opportunity to expand energy exports. However, permanently lifting the ban on oil exports will yield economic benefits for generations and will improve America's geopolitical posture in the world.  Next year I will be working with the Chairman of the Full Committee and Leadership to ensure regular order so that all our Member interests are represented in the normal appropriations process, and are not swept up in the kind of negotiations that are required to produce an Omnibus.  Before I close, I want to thank our Ranking Member, Ms. McCollum, of Minnesota. She has been a frank and honest partner and friend this year as we worked through our hearings, wrote our bill, and moved it through the legislative process to completion.  I also want to thank Chairman Rogers for his support of the Interior Subcommittee and leadership of the full Committee. Kudos to you, Mr. Chairman, for bringing the fiscal year 2016 appropriations process to a successful conclusion again this year.  Finally, I would like to thank the staff who have worked hundreds of hours on this bill. My clerk Dave LesStrang, Darren Benjamin, Betsy Bina, Jason Gray, Jackie Kilroy, and Kristin Richmond. Also Ian Foley and Rebecca Keightley in my office.  Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge Members on both sides of the aisle to support this important legislation. I want to wish my colleagues a very Merry Christmas and a happy holiday season.  