President, the basic reason I think this is so important is that the other body, the House, is going to pass this very same bill, and all it is, is one of the many steps that we need to consider and hopefully pass in regard to growing problems we are experiencing in farm country.  There was a great deal of press last week about the intention of the House to provide something called ``advanced transition payments.'' All that does is provide the farmer an opportunity for a voluntarily decision which he can make as to whether or not he can accept next year's transition payments this year.  It means a considerable amount of money. And if we are able to pass the Farm Savings Account that Senator Grassley has introduced, it will be of tremendous cash flow assistance.  I thought it was not controversial. Since the House is going to pass it next week, since the House is out of session, it made a lot of sense, it seemed to me, and many others, for us to deem it passed, or to pass it.  Farmers would then have, under the banner of consistency and predictability, the knowledge that they would have this as a tool.  Now, I can't tell you what we are going to do in September with the $500 million that was referred to by the distinguished Democratic leader. That is a place hold, and it is sitting there, and as we go through the situation of judging what is happening with adverse weather all around the country--in Texas, Oklahoma, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and the Northern Plains certainly--perhaps that number will change. We can take a look at it at that particular point.  As a matter of fact, I was just going to give to all the distinguished Senators from the Dakotas a proposal that I have had in regard to crop insurance and see maybe if the $500 million could be increased somewhat and funneled through crop insurance to answer these indemnity payment questions that have been raised.  But for goodness' sake, to object to this at this particular time--to give farmers the advance news that this is, as a matter of fact, on the table, that they can expect this, that they have some consistency, some idea of what is coming--I think is very untoward.  More to the point, I think it has been agreed to in a tremendous bipartisan effort in the House and, I had thought, in this as well.  Now, I understand that people perhaps don't get the word on each and every occasion, but I cannot imagine anybody objecting to this knowing full well in September we will get to the $500 million that the distinguished Senator has mentioned. I would certainly urge that we not object to this, we give the farmers a very clear signal, and we get on with the business.  