I hope that would take away some of the concern as expressed by the distinguished Senator from New Jersey.  This amendment recognizes that until the United States is literally at war or we have a national security problem with another country--and certainly terrorism fits into that category--there is no positive benefit in denying the most meager necessities of life, food and medicine, to the people of this world. Certainly it doesn't benefit the sick and hungry, Mr. President.  In regard to the people of Africa and Asia, and blocking the sale of food and medicine, it does severely damage, I think, America's image in the eyes of people across the globe. As a matter of fact, as a member of the Transatlantic Partnership, which is an organization dedicated to better understanding between the peoples and the parliamentarians of Europe and the United States, this subject comes up again and again and again. Why are you basically hurting the people who are most disadvantaged in any kind of a unilateral sanction that makes no sense in terms of any policy change?  So I think the world must know that the U.S. Government and the American people care about what goes on outside our borders, and the world must also know that the United States stands ready to provide food and medicine--on commercial terms--to anybody, any time, any place, unless there is national security involved, and unless we have a situation like the Senator from New Jersey pointed out with regard to terrorist activities or exporting terrorism. This amendment represents one very critical component of what is becoming a sweeping debate on the use of acting unilaterally--and I emphasize unilateral--all by ourselves, in U.S. foreign policy. Unilateral sanctions serve no purpose other than to hurt the U.S. businesses and workers and to diminish U.S. strength and prestige.  I firmly believe that the Congress and the administration must continue to work together on a broad-based effort to reassess all instances of unilateral sanctions. This amendment would represent an excellent step in the right direction.  Mr. President, with a few add-ons, those are my prepared remarks. I want to respond to the distinguished Senator from New Jersey. The Senator from New Jersey indicated that for the last three decades the Presidents of the United States have reaffirmed in each and every case unilateral sanctions, including the use of food and medicine. To a certain degree, I think that is true, because it was in 1980, when President Carter was President, that this issue really hit a flash point. President Carter, thinking of the terrible tragedy when the former Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan, decided we would cancel out of the Olympics. He also decided he would put on a grain embargo. I know that the President intended on sending a strong message to the former Soviet Union. I know President Carter hoped that the perception in the world community would be such that somehow the Russians would change their policy. And they did not.  I will tell you who was hurt in that particular instance by the Carter grain embargo--and I am not trying to perjure it; I am saying this happened in terms of a pragmatic effect. It was like shattered glass and it headed us toward the farm crisis of the 1980s, in some ways, and it took us years to get back contract sanctity to the point that our exports made anything. We had an excellent Olympics; I think it was in L.A. Americans won a great many battles and medals. But I can tell you that, in terms of perception, it didn't do a thing. No Russian troop ever left Afghanistan.  Now, that was a terrible tragedy. Again, we were using unilateral sanctions, and we were using the farmer and rancher with regard to that price. I submit to you that if you want to put sanctions on people, all American taxpayers should pay for it, not just farmers and ranchers. That is called an embargo. I can tell you that you can spell embargo S-A-N-C-T-I-O-N-S. No country that has sanctions put on them unilaterally, regardless of what progress we are making in terms of whatever objective we are trying to achieve, will buy from us as long as that is available from other countries. That is precisely what is happening regarding the countries where we have the unilateral sanctions.  Look at Pakistan. Thank goodness, we acted on this 98-0 this week in the Senate. They have a wheat tender. Guess who was standing in line. There was the French. They were going to buy the wheat from the French. They may anyway. We acted wisely and we said, ``This isn't going to work. Why are we hurting the American farmer or rancher or, for that matter, anybody in the business community when the sanctions don't work?'' Yes, it has been 30 years of a broad policy, trying to look at sanctions to see if they are going to work. But the fact is that was started with the Carter embargo. I must say that it took President Reagan 2 years to get around to getting contract sanctity. In the meantime, we suffered great harm in terms of farm country.  So I say to my distinguished friend from New Jersey, you are darn right, it has been a 30-year policy and, for the most part, it hasn't worked. Now, in terms of terrorism, I personally agree. Libya? I would hope that we would have multilateral sanctions. I would hope the world community would understand that Mr. Qadhafi and Libya have, in the past, exported terrorism. I might add that one of the reasons it has been so successful in terms of keeping him under wraps is that the administration at the time sent a strong message to Mr. Qadhafi. He woke up one morning to find that part of the place where he spent most of his time to watch television and do other matters was no longer there. All of a sudden, he got the message. He probably scratched his head and said, ``Had I been sitting there, it might have been a little different.'' And then he calmed down right away. Have we gotten to the bottom of all of the tragedies that he has inspired? No. Are we ready to sell him product, i.e., Kansas wheat, or any other product? No, because his behavior is such that we feel it is in our national security interest not to do that.  I agree with the Senator from New Jersey with regard to food products. They are fungible. What happens is, if you are able to arrange a sale, or for a humanitarian purpose you provide food, obviously, they have the ability in a totalitarian state to simply use that for other purposes, and they can continue whatever practices they may have. But in the end result, the people who are at the lowest levels are the people who get hurt--the women, children, all of the people mentioned by Senator Dodd.  So while it is fungible, I think, with regard to agriculture and medicine, the basic question you have to figure out here is, are we using agriculture as a tool for peace? Or are we using agriculture as a foreign policy weapon? I can tell you that, for too many years now, we have used agriculture as a foreign policy weapon--to the detriment of farmers and ranchers, for no apparent reason, with no pragmatic result, with the nations that we are now talking about.  I might add that there are some moderating forces that are now at work in Iran. And I might add that when I went to Saudi Arabia with Chairman Stevens and six other Senators, we asked the Saudis--we made indirect inquiries, and we were working with the Secretary of State to make further indirect inquiries: Could we help the forces of moderation in Iran by offering agriculture as a tool for peace? Would that work? Could they increase their diet, basic protein diet, so they are better off, and become, hopefully, more dependent on the United States with regard to their basic needs and their food supplies?  Think what could happen if we would use agriculture as a tool for peace, as opposed to a weapon, on a selective basis. The Senator from New Jersey mentioned Iraq and Saddam Hussein. I think it is disingenuous to say that the people who support this amendment somehow support Saddam Hussein. We are now allowing Iraq and Saddam Hussein to export as much oil as they did prior to the gulf war. They, in turn, used the cash that we allowed them to expend regarding oil sales to buy wheat in regard to the French. Hello. Why does that make any sense? If we are going to sanction Iraq under a banner of, well, everything except something that is humanitarian, and we say you can sell this oil to achieve humanitarian needs, food and medicine, i.e., food products, agriculture products, and they buy from our competitors, that doesn't make any sense. If you have sanctions, it seems to me you ought to make them across the board. We didn't do that. We backed off of that. There is a whole history as to where we are with Iraq and the United Nations and plans by the administration to have a limited armed conflict and where we are with that. I am not going to second guess that. But let's don't say that since we support this amendment, we support Saddam Hussein.  North Korea--if there ever was a totalitarian regime that is rather bizarre in its nature, it is North Korea. I have been in North Korea. I went to Pyongyang to meet with the North Koreans, along with Senator Stevens, Senator Inouye, and others. We met with representatives of the North Korean Government. We were trying to arrange a grain sale by a third-party country so they could somehow get an experience of trading with other nations--moderate, a little. That is a tough chore, I will tell you--what is happening in North Korea. We saw children who are 16 and 17 whose growth and whose stature really represents somebody who is 11 or 12. We saw young people marching out into the fields to plant some kind of crops and to hunt for grubs. We saw no animals whatsoever, not even a pigeon, not a dog, not a cow, not any kind of a farm animal. Bark on the trees was taken off up to that height.  Do you know who is helping the North Koreans? It is the World Food group led by Catherine Bertini.  So the United States, what we do under a humanitarian banner is we say, All right. We will contribute X amount of dollars. We will give it to the World Food organization. They, in turn, will buy grain on the open market. They will give the grain, then, to the North Koreans. Is there any real guarantee that they are going to use it for that? No. But under the circumstances the situation was so dire that I think that happened, to some degree.  So here we are expending money to the World Food group who, in turn, uses it to provide the humanitarian aid. I am not in a position to say that we are going to say to North Korea that we are going to enter into any kind of trade negotiations. That is a very oppressive regime. It is probably the most Stalinist, if I can use that word, I guess, regime in the entire country. And Kim Chong-il, ``The Dear Leader,'' has no illusions otherwise. Now, however, we have the South Koreans making overtures that if the North Koreans will finally behave themselves, there might be a glimmer of change in North Korea. Could it well be that we could use agriculture once again as a tool for peace? I do not know. But the bottom line is that the President under this bill --under the Dodd-Roberts bill, under the Dodd-Roberts-Hagel-Biden bill--has the authority to come in and say, if this is in our national security--if, in fact, the export of terrorism is such that this is really something that is not in our national interest, he can do so.  Why on Earth on unilateral sanctions we continue to shoot ourselves in the foot and make agriculture and farmers and ranchers pay for this when the fact is it is not working is beyond me.  Again, I say this is not an effort by Senators in some kind of disingenuous fashion to encourage terrorism, or to encourage rogue states or pariah states. Nobody wants to do that. But when you have an opportunity to use agriculture again as a tool for peace, I think we ought to do it.  I appreciate this opportunity to take this time. I thank my colleagues for their indulgence.  I yield the floor.  