President, I have spoken to this issue before. Before I made very clear my respect and admiration for the distinguished Senator from Kentucky as a stalwart defender of something we call free speech. I want to thank him again for his stalwart efforts. It seems to me that we have been focusing on this debate over and over and over again on perception as opposed to what really is at stake.  I can't imagine what I can add to this today under the circumstances, and go on and on and on ad nauseam, to a certain extent, and I don't mean to purgeranybody's intent or their feelings about this, or even intimate that this is not an important issue.  I would like to repeat a couple of things that I said before. At that time I quoted Thomas Paine in Common Sense. It wasn't Common Cause. It was Common Sense. Thomas Paine said, ``Tyranny, like Hell, is not easily conquered.'' And I was speaking to a resolution that would have defined free speech. We considered it certainly earlier in the session.  I then went on and gave quite a few quotes from American history and people that everybody respects about the value of free speech. I talked a little bit about the infamous Alien and Sedition acts. That was mentioned by Senator Gorton, the distinguished Senator from Washington. I think it has application in this legislation. I said at the time that those acts were passed by a young country that had adopted but didn't fully appreciate the first amendment rights of free speech. They were passed because the Government did not like what some of its citizens were saying about politics, politicians, and Government.  And, goodness knows, we have heard awful sorts of comments in regard to this debate on both sides about the fact that people really do not appreciate some of the criticism that we get in this business. The Government was worried, of course, about national security. But it is instructive to note that the Government's attempt to limit free speech is like walking in a swamp, and we are, in fact, walking toward a swamp in regard to the bill that we are considering. Your good intentions are tugged and pulled from all sides. Abigail Adams, for example, urged the passage of the acts to deal with Benjamin Franklin Bache, an editor who had referred to her husband as ``old, querulous, bald''--well, she had something there--``blind, crippled, toothless Adams.'' I don't think anybody would appreciate that. Bache was arrested, but died before he could be prosecuted, according to historians Jean Folkerts and Dwight Teeter.  Twenty-five persons were charged under the sedition laws. Included was one unlucky customer in a Newark tavern who staggered into the sunlight to make a negative comment about John Adams' anatomy as the President's carriage passed. My goodness, that might have some modern-day application.  Only after the rights of American citizens to speak freely were trampled by their Government did our young country come to appreciate the real meaning of the first amendment.  James Madison and Thomas Jefferson objected to the attack on free speech with their Virginia and Kentucky resolutions. Madison presented the importance of free speech to democratic government. His argument has great relevance to our discussion today, it seems to me, in regard to this discussion as he drew the connection between free speech and elections.  Listen to Madison:       Let it be recollected, lastly, that the right of electing      members of the government, constitutes more particularly the      essence of a free and responsible government. The value and      the efficacy of this right, depends on the knowledge of the      comparative merits and the demerits of the candidates for      public trust; and on the equal freedom, consequently of      examining and discussing these merits and demerits of the      candidates respectively.  That is the essence of free and also political speech. That is the essence of the philosophy advanced by great philosophers like John Milton, John Locke, and John Stuart Mill. If they were here to take part in this debate, they probably couldn't or wouldn't believe it. The concept of a marketplace of ideas is based on unfettered speech and thought.  One of America's greatest jurists, Louis Brandeis, warned us to be ``most on guard to protect liberty when government's purposes are beneficial . . . the greatest dangers to liberty lurk''--lurk, lurk--``in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.''  Advocates of this resolution want us to believe the need for Congress to limit campaign spending is so great that first amendment rights are secondary. Further, they argue that limits on campaign spending are really not limits on speech at all. We have gone over and over and over again, back and forth, on the Buckley decision and the Supreme Court.       A restriction on the amount of money a person or group can      spend on a political communication during a campaign      necessarily reduces the quantity of expression by restricting      the number of issues discussed, the depth of their      exploration, and the size of the audience reached.       This is because virtually every means of communicating      ideas in our mass society requires the expenditure of money.      The distribution of the humblest handbill or leaflet entails      printing, paper, and circulation costs. Speeches and rallies      generally necessitate hiring a hall and publicizing the      event. The electorate's increasing dependence on television,      radio, and other mass media for news and information have      made these expensive modes of communication indispensable      instruments of effective political speech.  In Kansas, I tell my esteemed colleague from Kentucky, a full-page advertisement in the Topeka Daily Capital cost $4,400. One 30-second TV ad to reach across the State costs more than $33,000. I know. I was in a Senate race, obviously. Even speech via the Internet, or the Postal Service, requires the expenditure of resources.  If we adopt this kind of legislation, and it is ratified--or, that was the earlier resolution. Obviously, this wouldn't have to be ratified by the States. What will you tell the business owner who wishes to petition his government for redress of grievances, to criticize a campaign of Pat Roberts, Sam Brownback, or Mitch McConnell, or to urge election of another candidate? Will we see that free political speech is only a half-page advertisement? Because I think the limit is $10,000. We wouldn't spend $10,050. Maybe $9,000 is OK. But we say free speech only applies to 15 seconds at the TV station. Who is going to administer all of this? The FEC? Really. We can't even get decisions on a timely basis.  The thought occurs to me, come to think of it, that the distinguished Secretary of Agriculture, Dan Glickman, a good friend and colleague of mine--was it 4 or 6 years ago? I think it was 6 years ago, or maybe 8 years ago. He had an opponent who was very ``brain noisy.'' That is probably not the right way to put it--very ``vigorous'' in his campaign. And a local cable distributor, a local cable TV company, didn't like the way Dan voted on an issue directly affecting his future. It was a telecom issue in the House. Every hour on the hour he just gave him unmitigated grief about it, including a lot of other things that had nothing to do with the legislation. I don't know whether Dan filed the inquiry, or the charge, or the complaint with the FEC after that election, or whatever, but, clearly, this was out of bounds. The FEC in its usual, expeditious manner, I think about 2 or 3 months ago, finally got around to a 6- or 8-year-old case, and made no decision.  So this leads me to question the distinguished Senator. Who is the first amendment for? To be more accurate, if Congress were to act on the principle of the first amendment uniformity, which the proponents of this legislation would do, it would not discriminate against the political speech of some speakers in favor of others. First amendment uniformity would mean that John Q. Public gets the same treatment as the highly paid, vastly influential Joe Anchorman, or the cable operator, or the TV anchorman or the editorialist, or the radio editorialist, or the publisher, or the editor of a newspaper? It might guide campaign ``reform'' legislation if the following resolution were adopted:       Whereas the First Amendment to the Constitution of the      United States says in pertinent part that ``Congress shall      make no law abridging the freedom of speech, or of the      press,'' and       Whereas the First Amendment makes no distinction between      the freedom of speech and the freedom of the press,       Now Therefore Be It Resolved that no campaign reform      proposal shall be enacted that treats Joe Anchorman's      political speech more favorably than John Q. Public's.  This obviously is not a draft resolution that I think the supporters of the legislation would adopt. But, is the first amendment for everyone equally, or some persons or institutions entitled to special treatment for their political speech? Is John Q. Public entitled to the same first amendment treatment as Joe Anchorman, or is Mr. Anchorman entitled to special treatment because he delivers the news?  Here is the question I have for the distinguished Senator: What happens if John Q. Public wants to express issue advocacy and then says he is John Q. Anchorman? Say somebody solicits agroup of people from a list of migrant workers, the American Farm Bureau, Kansas Wheat Growers, the wheat growers of, say, North Dakota, or of Common Cause, or the tobacco growers of Kentucky. I know that is, I guess, politically incorrect. Obviously, they couldn't start a newspaper. It might go up in smoke. It might be regulated by the FDA.  But, having said that, say that they sell the stock at $100 a crack, $1,000, and they start a newspaper. My dad was an old newspaperman. I am an old newspaperman. I am a journalist. That is what it says in the bio when you read about Roberts; that he is an unemployed newspaperman. So, to start a newspaper, all you needed was a hat rack and a hat. A newspaper? No. Not a newspaper. You could print--and a typewriter. Those are the old days--and a subscription list. You don't even need, if you have the money, an advertisement. Well, you don't need a hat rack anymore. You don't need a hat. You don't need a typewriter. You do need a subscription list. If you know some nice ladies that work in an offset shop, you can have your own newspaper. Say you have a bunch of thousand-dollar contributors and you want to start your own newspaper. The Common Cause Daily News is published every week in Kansas. That is a newspaper. They are not affected by this legislation. I want to know, what is a newspaper anyway? What is the definition of a newspaper? Volume, 1, 2, 3, 4, and they started it for 6 months. What about an editorial announcer on a TV station? What about the situation with Dan Glickman who had no redress? I am not saying whether Dan was right or wrong. By the way, that race did not affect the current incumbent who didn't defeat Mr. Glickman. I think not everybody in the world gets the chance to be a Secretary as a consequence. But Dan is enjoying that and doing an outstanding job.  What is a newspaper? Where are the loopholes? Where does John Q. Public become John Q. Anchorman? How do we distinguish?  Mr. McCONNELL. I say to my friend from Kansas that the example he cited, a cable owner expressing himself without limit about the relevant merits of former Congressman Glickman, would be entirely exempt from anything we are considering here today and entirely current law.  Let me read a short provision. This is from the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1974.       The term ``expenditure'' does not include a news story,      commentary, or editorial--which is what was happening on that      cable station--or editorial distributed for the facilities of      any broadcasting station, newspaper, magazine, or other      periodical, or publication unless such facilities are owned      or controlled by political party, or political committee, or      candidate.  So, I say to my friend from Kansas, to the extent that proposals like Snowe-Jeffords put groups in a position where they would have to disclose significant numbers of their membership and/or donors as a precondition for criticizing or expressing themselves in proximity to an election, the perfect outlet would be to go into the newspaper business.  I am not suggesting that we put restrictions on newspapers. I don't want to put restrictions on citizens, which is what this debate is all about today. But the first amendment applies to everybody, not just to the press. We get the impression reading the editorials on this issue across the country that the first amendment is the sole province of the press. In fact, the courts have been quite clear about this; it applies to all of us.  So I would say my friend has put his finger right here on a good way around this growing regulatory environment that is being proposed. Just go into the newspaper business and you are free of it all. You can go out and trash whomever you want. You are not going to have to be regulated by the FEC or anyone else. Have at it.  And my guess is there would be a proliferation of so-called newspapers under this.  