 The Senator from New Mexico has summed it up very well. I am not going to take the Senate's time to repeat what has already been said in regard to this debate. Senator Lugar has already done that. Others have done that.  I do have a statement that involves obvious ``golden words of truth'' in regard to this issue that I will simply insert for the record, but I do want to sayagain that the use of sanctions as a foreign policy tool have skyrocketed since the conclusion of World War II. The last 4 years, as has been said on the floor, 61 new U.S. laws or executive actions were enacted authorizing the unilateral sanctions against 35 countries, and in all, over 70 foreign nations representing 75 percent of the world's population are currently subjected to a unilateral sanction by the United States.  These are easy perceptions, I guess, actions that people take. I think in earlier days we used to call it gunboat diplomacy. Maybe we sent a gunboat over to a nation to demonstrate our unhappiness with a foreign nation and their policy. But there have been terrible repercussions in regard to these sanctions. They do not achieve their policy goals. They are very counterproductive, and as has been indicated by some across the aisle, and others, we shoot ourselves in the foot. So the distinguished chairman has, for a considerable amount of time, taken a look at the overall objective of sanctions and what has happened in a counterproductive way, not only to U.S. agriculture, but the entire U.S. economy and the global marketplace. He has come up with a comprehensive, thoughtful approach, and it is commensurate with the debate that will take place and the discussion that will take place in this body with regard to sanctions reform overall.  There are those of us--Senator Dodd, Senator Hagel, Senator Biden, as well as Senator Lugar and myself--who want to take a look at all of the sanctions that we have in place. And that is appropriate. We have taken action in a 98-0 vote last week regarding the GSM program and the possibility of selling wheat to Pakistan. The chairman was a real leader in that effort. We have taken action now by unanimous consent on the India/Pakistan situation, which will give the administration flexibility to deal with that issue. The next logical step is to consider, and I think favorably pass, the Lugar reform initiative. So I stand in solid support of the chairman for what he is trying to do.  Madam President, U.S. influence, prestige and resolve in foreign affairs currently rests at a cross-roads. The United States, which has prided itself on providing international leadership through strength and by example, has increasingly turned away from that legacy by embracing ambivalence and sanctions instead of engagement and respect. Nowhere is this more clear than in the area of unilateral economic sanctions.  The United States in recent years has developed a seemingly uncontrollable desire to show our displeasure over a specific action, behavior or belief in a foreign country by punishing that country through the imposition of unilateral sanctions. Regardless of whether a Republican or Democrat was President, regardless of whether Republicans or Democrats ran the Congress, the use of sanctions as a foreign policy tool has literally sky-rocketed since the conclusion of the Second World War. In fact, in just the last four years, 61 new U.S. laws or executive actions were enacted authorizing unilateral economic sanctions against 35 countries. All in all, over 70 foreign states representing nearly 75 percent of the world's population are currently subjected to unilateral sanctions by the United States.  Unfortunately, with few exceptions, sanctions very rarely work. In order for sanctions to be successful, the United States must--absolutely must--convince the entire rest of the world to join our boycott. Unless this occurs, the sanctioned country simply gets what it needs--food, financing, etc.--from the other countries that chose not to join the Sanctions Circle.  There are two serious repercussions when this happens. First, the sanctions hurt us instead of their intended targert. Yes, that's right, when U.S. businesses lose access to markets for their products, U.S. workers lose job opportunities. So instead of joining us in professing outrage about some particularly repugnant act, foreign governments simply feign indignation while they quietly slip in to take away business from U.S. companies. And if you don't think that's true, just ask a foreign businessman or government official whether they support or oppose the American penchant for unilateral sanctions. They love it and they hope it continues.  Yes, this is the second repercussion. Foreign governments--even our allies--have figured out that by refusing to join the United States in imposing sanctions, their countries actually benefit. What a bonus! They can stick it to the United States and create new markets for their businesses at the same time! As a result of this revelation throughout the world, it has become nearly impossible for the United States to build a unanimous case for sanctions against anyone.  Just look at Iraq. If ever a case could be made for sanctions, Saddam Hussein is the poster child. After all, armed aggression against a peaceful neighbor and use of weapons of mass destruction on one's own citizens are truly reprehensible offenses, right? Surely Iraq deserved tougher sanctions when Saddam refused to accept U.N. weapons inspectors just a few months ago, right? Wrong. When Saddam pulled his latest stunt, the vast majority of the world flatly refused to support further sanctions. If we can't build a case for sanctions with Saddam Hussein as our target given the utter disregard he has shown for the United States and the rest of the world, will we ever be able to? I wonder.  Where do sanctions come from anyway? They usually are issued by the President under the authority of at least twelve different laws governing international affairs. Again, in recent years, sanctions have been used far more frequently than ever before in U.S. history. This isn't an indictment of the current administration or any previous administrations; it is simply an assessment of how U.S. foreign policy is changing. Instead of using our influence and diplomacy to encourage good behavior, we attempt to use our power to punish bad behavior. And as I've just discussed, whether used as a threat to try and prevent unwanted actions or imposed as a punishment for undesirable actions, sanctions rarely work.  Although most sanctions are imposed directly by the President, unilateral sanctions can be particularly damaging when they are imposed by Congress. The President of the United States is the Commander in Chief of our country. He is charged with implementing our foreign policy. While the Congress can and should be involved in the construction of that policy, the President is ultimately responsible for implementing it. When the Congress forces the President to impose sanctions on a country for a given action or behavior, it takes away the flexibility the President needs to address distinctly different foreign policy problem that may arise. The Congress basically says, ``we don't know or care what caused the action or behavior; however, we insist that you impose these sanctions regardless of what the ramifications may be.'' That is a dangerous and irresponsible manner in which to conduct U.S. foreign policy.  Let me make one other point regarding the perception of the United States abroad. Foreign countries and their citizens do not distinguish between U.S. military/diplomatic policy and U.S. trade policy. To them, they are the same thing. To them, it's just plain, old-fashioned U.S. foreign policy. When the United States imposes unilateral economic sanctions, when we fail to pass fast track negotiating authority, when we fail to renew IMF funding and when we threaten to withhold regular trading status with China, the prestige and authority of the United States in foreign affairs is greatly and permanently diminished.  I yield the floor.  