President, in his remarks in this body last Friday, our colleague from Nebraska, the distinguished Senator, Mr. Hagel, issued what I considered to be a most important wake-up call to this body.  Senator Hagel said:       I am very concerned that this Congress is not paying enough      attention to what is going on around the world. I am      concerned that we are not linking it, we are not      interconnecting the dots. I find it remarkable that on the      floor of the U.S. Senate, over the last few weeks, we have      been consumed with billions of dollars of new taxes and      building a larger government when essentially half of the      world is burning.  And Senator Hagel went on to say:  ``I hope that our colleagues take a serious look at what is going on around the world,'' and he cited the ever worsening Asian economic crisis--it now also threatens China; a serious recession in Japan; the immense and growing economic problems in regard to Russia; the resulting loss of investor confidence in world markets; and a very direct signal to all of us that ``something is wrong.'' That certainly has been reflected in the recent decline in the stock market.  Mr. President, one thing that certainly is wrong is the inordinate amount of time that we are spending on tobacco legislation. I think the majority leader was certainly right when he said yesterday--and to a certain extent I agree with my colleagues who have just spoken before me on the floor--that we need to either end debate, or pass the bill, or actually defeat the bill, or set the bill aside.  It is not my intent to discuss the merits of what has evolved out of the tobacco briar-patch debate. I want to say that I personally support--strongly support--the efforts to address the problem of teenage smoking and addiction. I do not question the intent of supporters of what has been produced so far. But I do believe the bill has serious flaws and we have gone far afield from the original goal, more especially in regard to the problem of teenage smoking and addiction. And I would say that as we each individually shine the light of truth into the darkness in debating the tobacco bill, let us remember that our flashlights are somewhat dimmed by partisan overtones and personal finger pointing.  If Nero fiddled while Rome burned, the Senate has certainly huffed and puffed for weeks on a tobacco bill--I am not trying to perjure it--while issues of national and economic security are not being addressed.  As we debated yet another tobacco amendment yesterday, warplanes from the United States and Europe roared over the mountains of Albania and Macedonia, a direct threat to Serbian leaders to end the growing and expanding violence around Kosovo.  Twenty-seven U.S. warplanes took part in the 6-hour exercise that was called Determined Falcon. I don't know how determined that Falcon is. Three hundred and fifty U.S. soldiers are already stationed in Macedonia. NATO commanders have been asked to propose additional contingency operations.  The only response that I am aware of that has come from the Senate in regard to the growing possibility that we become directly involved in yet another ethnic civil war--an expansion of Bosnia--is the warning delivered by the distinguished chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Senator Stevens, to Secretary of State Madeleine Albright in a recent briefing just last week.  The chairman pointed out that our military is already stretched, it is stressed, it is overcommitted, and we simply do not have the men and women and material to do that job. We have an urgent need to increase our commitment to national security.  We have an urgent need to act on the defense authorization bill so we can dothat, and so we may discuss and debate and act on our involvement in Bosnia, in the Gulf, and in Kosovo. Every single day that this stalemate on tobacco legislation continues, a pay raise is held up for America's fighting men and women around the world who continue to suffer from low morale and a lack of interest in reenlistment.  Mr. President, I have heard there could be some 90 amendments to the defense authorization bill raising matters the Senate should address. We have the potential nuclear confrontation between India and Pakistan, the administration's nonproliferation policy, and the impact of ill-advised sanctions. Sanctions? Sanctions? My word, as the Senator from Nebraska pointed out in his remarks on Friday, we have sanctions on over 70 nations around the world involving two-thirds of the world's population. Our exports have declined. We have a growing crisis in agriculture, as referred to by the Senator from North Dakota, the ``stealth crisis.'' It is no stealth. It is real. We must address that problem.  As a result of sanctions, agriculture is going through a necessary hardship. And we have all sorts of problems in farm country--not only in the northern plains. We have disease, we have overproduction in other parts of the world, we have declining exports, we have unfair trading practices, and we have a trade policy that is yet to be determined. We have a real problem in farm country.  We can address the sanctions bill in the agriculture appropriations bill, which is waiting in the tobacco wings. In that bill we have the sanctions reform legislation of Senator Lugar, the distinguished chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, more especially in regards to Pakistan and India, and key agricultural exports programs. We need to act. We need to act, Mr. President.  From that standpoint, I would be happy to yield to the distinguished Senator from Nebraska for any comments he would make. I thank him for issuing a wake-up call to the Senate as of last Friday.  I yield to the Senator.  