 Mr. President, first let me pay a sincere thanks to Senator McConnell and Senator Biden, and both Republican and Democratic leaders, and to all of my colleagues who have addressed this most important issue for their help and support. I do really appreciate the opportunity to speak in behalf of what I consider to be a truly emergency agriculture export relief bill.  If we move, if we pass this bill, our U.S. wheat producers may, and I emphasize may, be able to sell Pakistan almost 14 million bushels of wheat. Now, that means about $40 million in the pockets of American wheat farmers instead of $40 million in the pockets of our competitors, not to mention the poor people in Pakistan who are suffering from malnutrition and hunger in regards to a very needed commodity.  The deadline for the wheat tender or sale is July 15. That is next week. That is why this is an emergency. That is why the decks are cleared. That is why this legislation is hotlined. Now, if the Congress delays, in this body or in the House, it will be a $40 million delay at the expense of U.S. agriculture. This bill simply exempts the GSM export credit program from the mandated sanctions now imposed upon Pakistan.  Let's take a look at a list of the positive things that will happen when and if the GSM credits are made available.  First, armed with the credits and facing desperate, desperate economic straits, Pakistan may well buy the wheat from these United States as opposed to our competitors.  Second, as a result of sale, the wheat market will gain strength, as will price recovery, especially in the northwestern part of the United States.  Third, lost U.S. market share due to the sanctions hopefully will be regained, but most important the passage of this legislation will send an immediate strong signal to the world trade community that the U.S. will compete aggressively, aggressively for export markets, and that the Congress is taking steps, finally taking steps, as the Senator from Nebraska has indicated, to correct the current drift in our trade policy. And, yes, it has great implications in regard to farm program policy. I am not going to go into that as of this afternoon, but it does have great implication.  Mr. President, Pakistan is expected to tender for wheat again in a few months, not just next week. So, with our export credit program freed from sanction chains, why, U.S. producers may win that sale as well. I might add again, time is of the essence. Our harvest is just concluded or is in the process of concluding. Now is the time when our U.S. wheat is the most competitive. If we don't sell the wheat now, the advantage will fall to our competitors.  I am pleased this legislation basically encompasses the legislation that Senator Gorton, Senator Murray, myself, and others introduced when we first heard of the sanctions some weeks ago. I also note the presence of the distinguished chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee. He has a very comprehensive sanctions reform bill that looks ahead. I see Senator Hagel is still on the floor, and Senator Biden. I have joined them in introducing a bill to take a look back in regard to the 115 sanctions that we have now imposed on 75 percent of the world's population. And we have other bills as well. So, I am very pleased to take part in that effort.  That is the good news. But I feel compelled to warn my colleagues, however, that I believe there is some bad news, with potentially more to come. This bill as originally proposed by the bipartisan task force on sanctions, ably led by Senators McConnell and Biden, took one important step for agriculture, and I think a bigger step towards meaningful sanctions reform as it pertains to our national security and our foreign and our trade policy. It represented, in my view, the first step in providing the President, any President, and his national security team and his foreign policy team, the real-world flexibility to deal with the proliferation and testing of nuclear weapons.  The obvious case in point, and the reason we are here, is the situation in Pakistan and India. More than a month ago, Secretary of State Albright told Members of this body, in a briefing, that she needed a full arsenal of diplomatic tools to help both coerce and possibly positively influence India and Pakistan to cease any further testing and to discuss some kind of mutual strategy for improved relations between the two countries. I would add at this point, my colleague and the senior Senator from Kansas, Senator Brownback, and Senator Robb from Virginia, have been to India and Pakistan and have taken a hard look at that situation.  As I recall Secretary Albright's words, she wanted the flexibility to use carrots and sticks instead of a sledgehammer. I think that is pretty graphic.  Let me stress, too, that the actions of India and Pakistan were most serious and dangerous. No way did this bill or the original and more comprehensive bill really condone the aggressive and dangerous actions of India and Pakistan. That is not the case. It should go without saying that our national and international security is the foremost concern of everyone in this body, and the President, and, yes, farmers and ranchers, and, yes, everybody in the business community. It is this Senator's foremost concern.  The United States cannot countenance the proliferation and testing of any weapons of mass destruction. We must continue to evaluate and improveour joint effort with our allies to achieve these mutual goals. But, in the doing of this, I say to my friends, there is a right way and there is a wrong way.  Unfortunately, the best of policies years ago may not serve our best interests as of today. Those who passed legislation 4 years ago could not know--we cannot know--how the world would look in 1998 or 4 years down the road. But as a result of mandatory sanction legislation passed in 1994, the executive has little--little, if any--any flexibility to deal with the extremely sensitive issue of India and Pakistan.  These sanctions are now in place. We have stopped all loans from international lending institutions, all credit programs. India, which is not dependent on World Bank financing, has largely been--somewhat--has been unaffected by the sanctions. But Pakistan is in serious jeopardy of default. How can this serve peace and cooperation?  Under the law of unintended effects, mandatory U.S. sanctions may well increase the suffering in Pakistan, it may well promote further extremism, serve no useful purpose--I might add in farm language, the testing cow is already out of the nuclear barn--and increase the likelihood of war in south Asia. And, in the process, since the United States alone has imposed sanctions, our trade competitors are first in line to seize our U.S. markets.  In the original bill introduced by Senators McConnell and Biden, and supported by the great majority of the Senate, we fixed that problem. Step two of the bill would have granted the executive the full authority to impose none, some, or all of the sanctions in the Arms Control Act. It also gave the President authority to lift some or all of the sanctions when appropriate. In other words, the original bill provided an ``as you were, 9-month cooling off period,'' and gave to Secretary Albright the tools she requested to see if we could not achieve some progress in south Asia.  However, due to the concerns of several Senators--and I do not question their intent, their concern--it will not be possible to enact this more comprehensive bill. But as I said, in terms of the warning I said earlier--here is the warning: My friends, we are passing a very narrow and limited sanctions reform bill that applies to agriculture only, due to the Pakistani wheat tender and problems in farm country and our trade policy and our export policy. But I must warn you, when you deal with sanctions, they become overall embargoes. We saw that in 1980, with the infamous embargo imposed by President Carter. It ended up for 10 years like shattered glass and we had a terrible time putting it back together in regard to contract sanctity for U.S. agriculture.  If our competitors offer the same credit arrangements, and Pakistan has a choice, who do you think they are going to buy from as long as we continue the overall sanctions? In farm country language, you sanction a country and they get their nose out of joint.  The danger is this: Without section 3, which we originally had in the bill, we are also endangering the agricultural segment. It could happen. I hope it doesn't, but it could happen. As a matter of fact, I think a policy of ``we will continue to sanction a whole lot of this but we will sell you some of that only if it suits us'' does not do anything for a comprehensive and a clear trade policy.  I have already pointed out that in national security terms the current policy is counterproductive. Let me spell out some economic consequences in striking section 3.  Prior to the imposition of sanctions, the United States accounted for 25 percent of India's international trade. That is remarkable, considering all the miles in between our country and theirs. Also, I say, Senator Brownback just went all the way over and all the way back to try to get an update on this. It has been truly extraordinary. The sanctions are now, however, estimated to cost India and Pakistan $4 billion in international bank loans. The Boeing aircraft company stands to lose up to $6 billion over several years in business with 30 airplanes that cannot now be delivered. Enron is building a huge power plant in western India, essential to raise the standard of living of India's near billion population. A foreign competitor could, in fact, actually take over that project. And $21 million in economic development and housing assistance and $6 million to combat greenhouse gases in India have been terminated.  Now, if there was any evidence, some evidence, a shred of evidence, that stopping this business activity or assistance would somehow result in Pakistan and India agreeing on a test plan and resolving their differences, I would gladly support sanctions. I would gladly do that. If there is any evidence that trade and foreign policy dominated by trade sanctions would have any practical or positive effect, I would support sanctions. In some rare cases they may be effective. In this case, I think they are making things much worse.  I think we have made a mistake in striking section 3 of this bill. In doing so, we have put grain sale to Pakistan at risk. I hope that is not the case. I am still optimistic. We continue to send signals that out of date and counterproductive sanctions are still the order of the day.  I full well realize, and I respect, the concerns in regard to authorship, jurisdiction, and the agreed-upon goal of a sanctions task force and the committees of jurisdiction achieving meaningful and comprehensive sanction reform. I understand that. I am part of the sanctions task force. That is going to take a considerable amount of time. It probably should, in terms of comprehensive reform. And, as a member of the task force, I look forward to working with my colleagues. But, Mr. President, in the doing of this, and in striking section 3, if we limp to the meetings it will be because, by delay in striking section 3 from this bill, we will have continued to shoot ourselves in the foot.  I yield the floor.  