President, I suppose that some of what I am going to say is repetitive in that most of this was discussed during the general debate. But I feel compelled to speak again because of the strong personal interest in this in behalf of myself and many of my colleagues who served on the House Agriculture Committee, and for that matter the Senate Agriculture Committee back in 1996.  There has been a real success story in regards to the Food Stamp Program and reforms that have been initiated. In 1996, with all due respect to that program and others who supported it, it was a program out of control. It couldn't even be audited. The inspector general came in, an inspector general from New York--a tough cop, by the way, named Roger Viadero, who has done an outstanding job, basically said that the Food Stamp Program could not even be audited due to the fraud, abuse, and organized crime involvement. As a matter of fact, he had a tape that we showed during the Committee hearings which ended up on 60 Minutes. And we know all the stories about the Food Stamp Program, about the waiting in line, people with food stamps exchanging them for cash and then buying things that obviously did not represent a nutritious market basket of food.  They got a new inspector general. We exposed the fraud and abuse on 60 Minutes and saved $3 billion to $5 billion in regard to the fraud and abuse. Then we instituted major reforms. I am talking about the Senate Agriculture Committee and the House Agriculture Committee--$24 billion, as the distinguished chairman has pointed out. I just do not think that is a success story that can be equaled.  As a matter of fact, as to the person in charge of the Food Stamp Program there were many allegations made in regard to the performance of duty. She resigned. It is in better hands. Then we gave these reforms to the States. The States have come back with administrative savings. That is where the $1.7 billion comes in that has been referred to in terms of entitlement. And that money, I think, should be used for agriculture research, and I believe it also should be used for crop insurance and risk management. And, yes, there is some limited assistance in regard to food stamps.  But let me refer to the comments made by the distinguished Senator from Texas whose concern I share. I certainly don't want any social welfare program, food stamps or otherwise, to be a beacon for people to come to this country when they wouldn't otherwise.  But we are talking about refugees, and a refugee is defined as follows: A person who is fleeing because of persecution, or well-founded fear of persecution, on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group or political opinion, and who is of special humanitarian concern to the United States.  I don't think people choose to be a refugee. That is just not the case. People are not fleeing their country to come to the U.S. with a beacon held out there saying ``I am coming because of food stamps.'' And we have a cap on the number of refugees. It will be 75,000 admissions for the fiscal year as of 1999. Who are these people? The European numbers are used largely for Soviet religious minorities and Bosnians. East Asian numbers are for former Vietnamese, reeducation, camp detainees, and Laotians. I could keep on going down here. Basically, refugee admissions have fallen significantly from over 100,000 per year during fiscal year 1989. Now they are down to 75,000, and they are headed further downward.  Here is the difference. The agriculture research bill's food stamp provisions mirror the SSI provisions of last year's Balanced Both Houses have approved that.  Let's go back to the original food stamp reform that was passed in 1996 that I just talked about. These welfare reforms eliminated the benefits for anywhere from 800,000 to 950,000 noncitizens. This bill extends those benefits back to the children, the elderly, and the disabled who were in the country before August 22. That is the day of enactment of the bill. And, yes, it does also extend the benefits to refugees and asylees who may have entered after the August 22, 1996, debate. That means the total of the benefits will be restored to 250,000 people, not 900,000. I do not think this represents a step back from the far-reaching food stamp reforms that were passed back in 1996.  I think if you take a hard look at these people, I don't think the Food Stamp Program represents a beacon in regard to any kind of a reason that they would come to the United States. I have already read the definition.  I thank the distinguished chairman for yielding me this time.  