 I will continue with Senator Byrd's remarks:       Last year, the administration told us that we would be out      of Bosnia in about a year.       All of the witnesses who came up before the Armed Services      Committee and the Appropriations Committee assured the      committees that that was the expected timeframe which would      be needed during which we would have to place our men and      women in possible harm's way, but we were assured--we didn't      just ask the question once or twice, and the response didn't      come forth just once or twice, but the response was always in      the context of a year's time.  Then Senator Byrd went on to comment that he had strong suspicions that it really wouldn't work out that way. And he referred to the report that was made, and the report said:       ``We do not propose a fixed end-date for the deployment.''      That says it all. So we are in a different situation now. The      exit strategy--in other words, the required conditions for      our forces to come out and come home--reads like a nation-     building strategy.  That is the concern of this Senator and the Senator from Texas and the distinguished Senator from West Virginia.       What is required for us to leave Bosnia? First, judicial      reform--  The Senator from West Virginia said--       Just a minor thing, judicial reform. Then, development of      an independent media throughout the territory.  He said that was a pretty big order, and it certainly is.       Then there is more. Democratic elections. What do we mean      by democratic elections? Democratic elections followed by      free market economic reforms . . . privatization of the      economy, and so on and on.  And the Senator said:       We all get the point. This is a formula requiring the      completion of a new, integrated democratic state. That is      what nation-building is. I didn't buy on to that. The U.S.      Senate has not bought onto that. And if the duration of our      stay is going to be based on nation-building, as the      President is obviously saying in the report, we are [going to      be] there for a good, long [period of] time.  I was in Sarajevo. I talked with our officials there. That was last year, I say to the Senator from Texas. The conditions at that time were troop protection, refugee relocation, economic restoration, and a rather hard-to-understand policy in regard to war criminals.  That has changed, and the Senator from Texas is precisely correct; we have not even had that under consideration or with any kind of talk, other than that of the Senators here on the floor and the distinguished Senator from West Virginia in regard to what the end policy is in regard to Bosnia.  I indicated the definition of somebody being wise, other than being Senator Byrd of West Virginia, was that they be alert--and I repeat that--further described by Webster's as ``a condition where an individual knows and is aware of the slow, steady creep of the tide, lest they will be in it up to their hubcaps before they realize it.'' Mr. President, we are not only in it to our hubcaps; we are in it to the axle with no reverse gear.  It was Herbert Hoover who said in 1958, ``Wisdom consists not so much in knowing what to do in the ultimate as in knowing what to do next.'' I do not know what we are going to do next, but it is the responsibility of this Senate to consider that.  We will do it in the 1999 defense authorization and appropriations bills. I credit the Senator from Texas for focusing on this, and I thank the Senator from West Virginia and remind all of my colleagues that it ought to be required reading in regards to his remarks on the floor of the Senate last Monday, again, page S2382. Please, my colleagues, pay attention to the Senator from West Virginia. He is right on in regards to this terribly important and difficult issue.  Mr. President, I thank the Senator for yielding.  