President, the United States and the rest of the Western European countries are on the verge of a very deep and expensive and very dangerous involvement in yet another area of the Balkans, the Serbian province of Kosovo. Unfortunately, and once again, it seems to me the administration has yet to explain to the Congress or to the American people why it is in our vital--again, I emphasize the word ``vital''--national interest to get in the middle of this growing conflict.  Let me make it clear I think a case can be made that, under certain circumstances, it is in the U.S. national interest to get involved in the conflict in Kosovo. But in my view, it is the responsibility of the President of the United States and the administration, i.e., the national security team, to explain to the American public and the U.S. Congress why such an involvement is in our vital national interest before our troops are committed.  The reports on CNN are clear that the Yugoslavian leader, Mr. Milosevic, is taking hard and very brutal action against the ethnic Albanians who are living--and, by the way, they comprise, Mr. President, 90 percent of the total population--in Kosovo. Certainly, this should be of no surprise since this is the same kind of activity that he directed in the breakup of Bosnia.  Our diplomatic efforts are active, but they keep changing in purpose and intent. The all too frequent U.S. diplomatic technique has been employed. Several lines in the sand have been drawn, with threats of severe reprisals if the Serbian action against the Albanian population does not cease, but, regretfully, nothing positive to date has come from our diplomatic initiatives or threats. So these lines in the sand are crossed and the fighting has intensified, resulting in increased human suffering.  The Albanian rebels, known as the KLA, are growing in strength and the fighting grows more fierce, with no peaceful solution in sight. The United States and NATO have threatened military action, and they gave a military demonstration consisting of a determined flight involving a considerable amount of aircraft. They called it ``Determined Falcon.'' I am not sure how determined the falcon was. At any rate, neither side has offered to end the conflict. In fact, the KLA is actually buoyed by the apparent Western support for their cause, and therefore they are not interested in backing off now. Mr. Milosevic, having observed our unwillingness to carry out our threats when he crossed the lines in the sand, and coupled with the strong support of the Serbian people to put an end to the rebel uprising in Kosovo, has no reason to back off either.  We have now started an international monitoring program, Mr. President, in Kosovo. It is ``aimed at bringing peace to this strife-torn region.'' I don't know of any Senator or anybody or any observer who would object to that. But it is not entirely clear what these observers will accomplish other than to report on the obvious, and that is, there is a small war in Kosovo and we have been unable to influence its cessation.  This observer group is comprised of about 40 diplomats and ``military experts'' attached to the embassies in Belgrade. Our ``military experts'' are unarmed U.S. military forces from the European Command, and they are specifically trained for this mission.  Here are my concerns: In Kosovo, we are, once again, backing into a military commitment, just as we did in Bosnia--and I hate to use this example but I think it is applicable--and in Vietnam. The term of ``unarmed military observers'' or ``experts'' brings back some pretty sad memories of other wars that we have backed into. We are running a great risk that our military experts or diplomats could be in harm's way. As a matter of fact, in terms of hearings yesterday in the Intelligence Committee, we were talking about the priorities in regard to intelligence assets in certain countries, and force protection, obviously, plays a big role in that. So if we have our intelligence assets certainly supporting our troops in that part of the world, it gives real evidence that this is the case.  NATO is conducting contingency planning that could involve thousands of military troops to separate the warring factions or impose peace--it has been estimated anywhere from 7,000 to 25,000 troops, even more.  The distinguished chairman of the Appropriations Committee, at a briefing when the Secretary of State briefed a bipartisan group of Senators on what was happening in regard to India and Pakistan, actually warned the Secretary of State and said we do not have the personnel, we do not have the means, we do not have the materiel to commit those kinds of troops, that kind of involvement with regard to Kosovo, without emergency funding, without certainly stepping up our support, both in terms of funds and in terms of troops.  The costs of involvement in Kosovo, both in dollars and the impact on an already-stressed military, are potentially devastating. The chairman indicated that in his discussion with the national security team and with the administration.  There are many unanswered questions of how this conflict in Kosovo is in our vital national interest. I think a good case can be made for our involvement in Kosovo. I just came back with the distinguished chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee from taking a look at the three new NATO countries, what our intelligence assets are there and what the situation is there. Every official there, every foreign minister, every president indicated that Kosovo was in the interest of NATO and peace in Europe. But there are some very serious unanswered questions, and there are unexplained scenarios of the conflict in Kosovo leading to a larger war in Europe if this war is not ended now.  But my primary concern is that this whole business has yet to be addressed by the administration or, for that matter, to some degree, the Congress in any substantive way. He cannot, nor will Congress let him, commit the men and women of our Armed Forces without defining our national interests, the objectives, and the exit strategy for any involvement in Kosovo.  In the military, Mr. President, there is a term called a warning order, which is sort of a heads-up that some action is coming your way and, as the commander, you should start planning on how you would handle that action.  The amendment I offer today, which is consistent with the amendment that was accepted on a bipartisan basis during the last defense appropriations bill in regard to Bosnia, is a kind of a ``warning order.'' The intent is to let the administration know that before they decide to deploy the military to the region as a result of the conflict in Kosovo, we need to address some salient points before Congress will fund the deployment. It is that simple.  The Congress and, more importantly, the American people need to understand at least the following information, and information required by the amendment. They are as follows:  No. 1, certification that such a deployment is necessary in the national interests of the United States;  No. 2, to explain the reasons why the deployment is in the national security interests of the United States;  No. 3, to define the number of U.S. military forces to be deployed to each country;  No. 4, to explain the mission and the objectives of the forces to be deployed;  No. 5, to discuss the expected schedule for accomplishing the objectives of the deployment;  No. 6, what is the exit strategy for U.S. forces engaged in deployment, if that is possible;  No. 7, what are the expected costs associated with the deployment and the funding source for paying these costs.  I am going to terminate my remarks very quickly, because I know the time schedule here. Let me point out that when Ambassador Gelbard and General Wesley Clark appeared before the Senate Armed Services Committee and reported again on Bosnia and again said that the mission had changed and again said that the objective or the end game could not be defined, I pointed out that it could be in our national interest that we are in Bosnia and that while it was ill-defined, while the mission was changed, my main complaint--and I think one of the complaints shared by the distinguished chairman--is that the administration didn't fund it and the money is coming out of readiness and procurement and modernization, and that has to stop.  What are the expected costs associated with the deployment and the funding source?  What are the anticipated effects of the deployment on the morale, retention, and effectiveness of U.S. forces?  I think, Mr. President, that Bosnia is the perfect example of why such a ``warning order'' is necessary. We have expended over $10 billion in Bosnia.  We have yet to answer most of the questions contained in this amendment: Why is it in our national interest to continue to be there? How many troops do we need? How and when do we get out? And how are we going to pay for it?  I am a strong believer, Mr. President, that once the U.S. flag--the U.S. credibility--is ``planted,'' that we must support the U.S. position rather than embarrass or put our troops at risk. My intent is simply to go on record now before we get involved in yet another entanglement in yet another region of the Balkans--before the flag is planted and the troops are deployed.  