. 4101, which is being discussed on the floor and has been discussed on the floor by my colleagues from the northern plains.  I also rise today to express my serious concerns with President Clinton's threatened veto of this conference report, the agriculture appropriations bill--the bill that contains the spending for all of the essential programs that are of great benefit to farmers and ranchers. I want to pay, as my colleagues have, very deserved tribute to the distinguished Senator from Mississippi, Mr. Cochran, who down through the years has been a champion on behalf of America's agriculture producers and basically serves as an oversight commissioner in regard to the spending we desperately need for research and development for our farmers to be competitive. He has done another outstanding job under very, very difficult circumstances, because we are going through some tough times in farm country. So I thank the Senator.  Madam President, it is not my intent to get partisan in this debate. Goodness knows we have enough of that going around in this session. But I do think it is time for a little candor. In so doing, I noticed a report from World Perspectives, Inc., which is a publication that comes out every day that provides Members of Congress and subscribers very pertinent information regarding the global marketplace and worldwide agriculture. There is a young man that writes for them by the name of Gregg Doud. Last week, he pretty well summarized, I think, what this debate is all about. He said this:       On the legislative calendar, Christmas doesn't always come      on 25 December. When a sector of the U.S. economy is      faltering or votes are up for grabs, it usually means that      politicians will come bearing gifts sometime before the      November election.  Now, that is a little harsh. I am not too sure I would buy all of that. He went on to say:       This year's low commodity prices, world financial      difficulties, and serious drought means that both U.S.      political parties are currently in a bidding war over how      much to spend in farm country.  Obviously, we are doing that because we think we have severe problems. Those are my words, not his.       In their minds, the votes will eventually go to the highest      bidder. As a result, considerations about an appropriate      strategy for U.S. domestic farm policy could end up last on      the list of a policymaker's priorities.  In other words, if we are going to provide emergency assistance to farmers and ranchers, that is one thing in the short term. But for goodness' sake, let's not turn the firehose on and let it get away and destroy a policy that makes sense over the long term.  Then Mr. Doud pointed out the history of these two proposals that had been discussed on the floor. He said, ``The announcement by congressional Republicans of their package came only 2 days after Agriculture Secretary Glickman''--Mr. Glickman of Kansas, my former colleague, and my good friend--``announced that he was reversing his stance to be in favor of lifting the cap on the nonrecourse marketing loan rate''--that is the basis of the Democrat plan--and then stated, ``This flip-flop was likely an effort to avoid the appearance of conflicting policy positions within the Democratic Party.''  He continues, ``Secretary Glickman's announcement was coordinated with an amendment offered by Senator Tom Harkin''--my colleague and friend in Iowa who is the ranking member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and long a voice in regard to farm program policy advice and counsel to his Iowa constituents and the Nation as well. But, at any rate, that was ``. . . to the Interior Department's appropriations bill.''  By my count, I think we debated this--I don't know how many hours had been devoted on the other side, because in the northern plains the situation is much more severe. I don't know if the Senator from Mississippi has tallied up the hours. There must be 50, 75 or 100 hours on this side. We have spoken to the issue probably not as much as we should have. But this is an issue that has been debated. As a matter of fact, I think we have had five votes. I think this is No. 5 in regard to a vote that we are going to have on this issue. So we have done quite a bit of debating.  I will continue with what I think is a candid assessment, and this is in regard to the Democratic plan to raise the commodity marketing loan rate.  Mr. Doud points out, however: ``It is not well suited to providing disaster relief. How did the Government make a larger loan deficiency payment to a farmer who hasn't raised a crop?''  That is a good question.  ``In addition, this delivery mechanism does not reach livestock producers and other nonprogram commodity producers.''  That certainly is a good quote.  Then he goes on to mention one thing, and this is sort of an aside. I am going to have to skip over here to a point that has been made by some of my good Democrat colleagues, more especially the distinguished Democratic leader, who, to be very candid, has never been too supportive of the current farm bill.  The Senator from North Dakota decried the fact that under the new farm bill, Freedom to Farm, in what he describes as the ``Freedom to Fail'' bill, ``farmers were told to plant fence row to fence row.''  As Mr. Doud pointed out, and others of us would like to point out: ``. . . but WPI thought farmers were told to respond to market signals, rather than Federal programs.''  Let me point out that in regard to wheat, the farmers made the decision. They made that decision. They responded to the market signals, and we haven't gone fence row to fence row. What happened was we had 11 percent fewer acres planted to wheat under the new farm bill than the old farm bill. That means this fence row to fence row business is not accurate.  What happened, of course, is the farmer put the seed in the ground, and it was better seed. And with better farming practices and precision agriculture, we knocked their socks off. We had great yields.  In the northern plains, they have all sorts of problems, wheat scab, weather, unfair trading practices, across the board, border contagion, you name it, they have had it. Quite frankly, a Federal farm program in regard to sugar makes the land prices a little high and raises their price and cost of production. It is high risk up there. Everybody knows that. But not any of these things have anything to do with the farm bill.  The extra production came that drove the market prices lower--from China, 200 million bushels more in regard to wheat production; the European Union was about 300 million bushels more. I don't know of any U.S. farm law that can restrict China, or the European Union, or, for that matter, Australia that has a record crop. It is not all in yet. We don't know yet. But the global supply situation has changed dramatically.  That has nothing to do with the current farm bill. It has everything to do with our export strategy in regard to being competitive and using all of the tools we would like to have in regard to the administration's conducting an aggressive export policy.  As a matter of fact, the president of the Wheat Growers said we have to quit taking a knife to a gun fight. We have to really get tough. And we haven't done that. That is one of the problems. So I guess that would be an accurate statement.  Let me get back to the article. This is by Mr. Doud, again:       Is the term ``crisis'' an appropriate way to describe the      situation in farm country today?  I will tell you one thing. If you are a farmer and you can't get a loan fromyour banker, and the price is about half of what it was several years ago, it sure is a crisis. It is 100 percent.  ``At least one question needs to be answered before deciding how serious this situation really is.'' --I am back to Mr. Doud's comments--``Will prices stay at the current (a 10-20-year low) level into next crop year? If so, next year may bring reopened discussions, leave no stone unturned, on a major overhaul of U.S. farm policy.''  I think that is appropriate.  And I will be right in line with the rest of the people who are privileged to represent agriculture States, if, in fact, that is the case.  We have the unfair trading practice. We can't get our exports cracking. We don't pass the trade legislation that we should pass that the President continues to sort of hunker down in the weeds in regard to fast track and other things.  Then he went on to say: ``In a Congressional election year, the debate isn't about whether or not money should be allocated to farm country. It's about the delivery mechanism itself.''  Then he lists some information that ``. . . suggests that, even in Washington, DC, terms, the amount of Government expenditures in farm country this year is serious money.''  ``The potential direct U.S. Government outlays to U.S. producers are as follows:  No, it is not the $5.3 billion that showed up on the chart over there from my colleagues. But, in September 1998, this year, the second half of the transition payments will come to farmers.  Transition payments, called AMTA payments--that is the Agriculture Marketing Transition Assistance payments.  I see the distinguished Senator from Mississippi raising his head. The reason I wanted to point that out is that it has been ignored in the debate. Hardly any Member on the other side mentions that we even have transition payments. Everybody says, ``The bridge is washed out. I can't swim. My farmers are on the other side.'' That is country western music. It has the wrong notes. We have the transition payments here. They ignore that.  ``In September 1998, the second half of FY 1998 transition . . . payment''--by the way, that transition payment is the highest of any payment during the entire 6-year period of the farm bill. And I know it is the highest as of this year because I helped write the bill. I thought at the end of 2 years that we probably would be going through some kind of a price swing. And I thought that assessment should be the greatest in this particular year, and it is. How much? $5.7 billion is the total with the first half having already been paid in December of 1997, or January of 1998.  ``In October 1998, $5.5 billion will be made available in FY 1999 transition . . . payments.''  That is next year. Farmers probably wouldn't want to accept that. I wouldn't, if I can get by with my lender and I can tighten up, because of the world markets and the situation. I probably wouldn't want to take that. But it is available. And that is $5.5 billion.  ``Emergency assistance programs that are currently being discussed . . .''  That is what this debate is all about here. That is in addition to those two transition payments that many of my colleagues are ignoring. That is going to be about $4.1 billion. You add that up.  Then our Senate Agriculture Committee chairman, the distinguished chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, Dick Lugar, recently put the possible marketing year price tag for the loan deficiency payment.  I am not going to get into a description of that payment. As a matter of fact, I talked about all of these payments. People wonder. My goodness. How many payments are we making to farmers, and what kind and shape and form? But those will be about $2 or $3 billion. And then, finally, crop insurance for the entire marketing year is $2 billion.  According to Mr. Doud, that totals up to $16.4 billion. That is a lot of money. Yes, the farm crisis is very serious. I understand that. But $16.4 billion is quite an investment in regard to agriculture.  Let me see if I can find a closer here. In regard to Mr. Doud's article:       Policymakers should not ignore the message this [debate]      sends to trading partners and the WTO regarding U.S. domestic      farm policy, particularly as it applies to the next round of      trade negotiations. Once again, [we want to emphasize] that      in an even-numbered election year, the debate isn't about      whether or not money should be allocated to farm country. It      is about the delivery mechanism and whether or not ``Freedom      to Farm'' will be maintained. U.S. agricultural trading      partners will be paying [very] close attention to see if      ``Freedom to Farm'' survives.  Now, as the principal author of Freedom to Farm, I have an interest in this, but I said it didn't come down from the mountain on any tablet saying this was the only farm bill; if the farm bill didn't work, you ought to change it. And I think once this emergency assistance is provided, if we can see what happens in 1999--and I hope the global contagion gets better and I hope all the other factors improve--why, perhaps we won't have to do this. And if we can enact some of the promises we made in conjunction with Freedom to Farm, we shouldn't have to do it. But Congress has not done that and the administration has not done that.  I want to now return to the threat of a Presidential veto.  The President has sent a letter to Congress stating he will not support legislation that does not include agricultural relief provisions similar to the plan to uncap loan rates as proposed by Senators Harkin, Daschle, Wellstone, Kerrey, Conrad, Baucus, and Johnson.  He, as a matter of fact, took time out in his Saturday radio address to talk about two things--well, three; one, we have a serious farm crisis. Right. Second, we need to uncap the loan rates. Wrong, because of what it will do that will be counterproductive to long-term policy to farmers and ranchers. Three, we ought to pass IMF. Yes. Yes, I am for that. And I am just as unhappy with Members of my own party in the other body who oppose that. I think we need IMF. So the President was right about two out of three.  Let me talk about the plan that is promoted by the northern plains' Senators--not trying to pick on them; they have a very legitimate point of view--that would uncap the marketing loan rates and provide approximately $1 billion in disaster assistance to the northern plains. But the other side of the story is that their proposal provides less than $500 million for the rest of the United States, from New Mexico to Maryland, which has experienced drought, flooding, or a combination of both.  I really find the President's arguments for his threatened veto rather frustrating and difficult because the administration really threatens to veto this package--I am quoting here.       . . . if the bill presented to the President includes      agriculture disaster provisions that provide inadequate      indemnity assistance or are inconsistent with the Daschle-     Harkin proposal.  It is obvious the President really believes we need to provide assistance to our producers. I believe that as well. Yet he threatens to veto a bill that provides $4.1 billion in assistance to our farmers and ranchers.  And as long as we are mentioning vetoes, he has also threatened to veto a House-passed tax bill that also provides very needed relief to farmers and ranchers.  As to the two vetoes, one on the emergency assistance and the tax bill, let me just list all of the provisions that have been passed by the House of Representatives in its tax bill: 100 percent deductibility of health insurance--every farm association I have ever been associated with has passed this in their resolution; permanent extension of income averaging for farmers--God bless Conrad Burns, the distinguished Senator from Montana, for putting it in originally with a tax bill; an immediate $25,000 expense deduction for small businesses; and an additional net operating loss carryback period.  These are steps that, when combined with the $4.1 billion in income assistance, would immediately put money in the pockets of farmers and ranchers and, most importantly, they are positive answers for the long term as opposed to the Democrat plan which I personally think would be very, very counterproductive.  On several occasions earlier this year Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman made the comment that trade is the ``safety net'' for America's farmersand ranchers, yet I am concerned that the Secretary and the administration refused to support fast-track legislation when it was considered in the House. I said they were AWOL during the debate. And they even asked, as I recall, some of my colleagues across the aisle in the other body to vote against the legislation. ``Not this time,'' ``not the proper time,'' that was the quote, to pass fast track. Meanwhile, our foreign markets for agriculture products have collapsed and we know that. And, Latin American countries are waiting for fast track to pass before entering into agricultural trade with the United States.  I went with Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott to Latin America. Every country we visited asked, ``When are you going to pass fast track? The European Union is knocking on our door. And we need this particular provision.''  I do not know; I would like to ask the President, if now is not the proper time to open up new markets for our producers, when will the proper time be?  I agree with him on IMF. I do not agree with the decision to hunker down in the weeds with regard to fast track. And I must say the failure to pass fast track holds the potential to become one of the most serious U.S. agriculture foreign policy blunders since the shattered glass embargo policy of the late 1970s and early 1980s. When we withdrew, it may have been a mistake. And when it went down to defeat, it was a terrible mistake.  Consequently, I should also add that I am not very happy with my Republican colleagues over in the House of Representatives who decided not to vote for fast track. That was a very bad mistake as well.  So the President apparently has refused to support these trade and tax and income assistance initiatives that I believe will help our farmers and ranchers in both the short and long term, but he continues to support a proposal that will provide virtually no assistance to producers who have suffered losses in 1998.  We can raise the loan rates as high as we want. As a matter of fact, in the six or seven farm bills I have been associated with, there was always the debate, do you use the loan rate as a market clearing device or income support? And several farm bills ago we agreed that when you raise the loan rate to the degree you really interfere with markets, that is not the proper way to do it. And we used to have deficiency payments to assist farmers during the tough times when their markets would decline due to unfair trading practices or some other reason. We changed those to transition payments.  What will raising a loan rate do for producers in Oklahoma, Texas, Louisiana and Maryland who have lost all or most of their crop to some kind of a weather situation? What about the farmer in Louisiana or Mississippi who lost most of his rice crop due to drought and had his cotton crop get hit with 16 inches of rain from a tropical storm earlier this year and then was hit by Hurricane Georges in late September? That was incredible. These producers are facing a serious situation. They will receive virtually no assistance from higher loan rates, and the Harkin-Daschle proposal provides less than $500 million for 1998 losses, but it contains almost $1 billion for multiple year losses in the northern plains. I am not trying to pick on them. But I think it is skewed just a bit. I don't question the problems suffered by producers in the northern plains in recent years, nor do I question that prices are low. We have heard time and time again about the painful crop losses experienced in the northern plains over the past years, but, ``thank goodness, South Dakotans are expecting a good crop this year--that is a welcome change--after the blizzards and flooding of 1996 and 1997, scab disease, and unfair trading practices.'' That quote comes from a September 1998 edition of the National Farmer Union News. Thank goodness they do at least have a crop.  But let me get back to the plan that is within the Ag appropriation bill and why I think it is the proper course. The plan to be included will provide $4.1 billion to producers. Of this amount, $1.65 billion, 29 percent of the transition payments--the infamous transition payments that are ignored and forgotten or somehow have disappeared in the debate on the other side--will be provided to farmers as payments for lost export markets caused by world economic pneumonia, the global contagion, the Asian Flu. Not to mention U.S. sanction policies that shut out our producers, out of world markets, and the inadequate agricultural trade initiatives of this administration--compounded by some in this Congress.  Any farmer who received AMTA payments--the transition payments that do not exist, on the other side of the aisle--in 1998 will receive an additional 29 percent of this amount. Those receiving payments will include southern cotton, wheat, corn and rice farmers who had little or no crop to harvest. The Harkin-Daschle plan leaves them empty-handed. The plan in the agriculture appropriations bill includes $1.5 billion for losses and $675 million for multiple year losses.  The Daschle-Harkin plan provides approximately $1 billion for the northern plains, $500 million for the south. Again, I am not trying to criticize problems in the north. But the plan does not do much for any grower suffering losses in New Mexico, Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia and Maryland--and the list goes on.  Senators from those States, wake up. Here is the real issue that is now being debated. The northern plains Senators, and now the President, have stated repeatedly that we have yanked the rug out from underneath the producer--no safety net.  ``Tough luck,'' I think it was described by my good friend and colleague, the Senator from North Dakota. As they have said, there is no bridge, nothing. But they fail to mention that the Government has provided approximately $17.5 billion--$17.5 billion in transition payments since the inception of the new farm bill in 1996 through 1998. It is estimated the old bill, the old supply/demand bill, the old command and control bill where the USDA would tell the farmer what seed to put in the ground and maybe he would qualify for a subsidy--that bill would have provide only around $10 billion during this time. That is a difference of $7.5 billion. They are getting more money under the new bill, less money under the old bill, but the new bill is the problem? Hello.  It is estimated, as I said, the old bill would have provided only about $10 billion during this time. They forget to mention the estimated $4 billion the producers will receive in loan deficiency payments in 1998. And, what about the $5.5 billion in advance 1999 payments? Again, if I'm a farmer I'd be mighty careful with that. And if you add these together and include the additional $4.1 billion included in the agriculture appropriation bill as put on the floor by the distinguished Senator from Mississippi, total funding provided over the 3-year period is $31 billion. Mr. President $31 billion; that is nothing? That is tough luck? That is a bridge that has been washed out, $31 billion?  Still, the Senators on the other side of the aisle from the northern and great plains argue this is not enough. It may well not be, over the long term. I understand that. If things do not improve, with all the things that have gone wrong it may well not be. They say their producers have been forgotten. They even cited this on the floor in a Congressional Budget Office table. This is going to get a little tricky here. The table that is called the CBO study showing a side-by-side comparison of the two plans--we have all seen it in regard to this debate. In addition, I think the CBO plan was sent with a letter attached to numerous State Governors, certainly trying to gain support for their plan. But there was only one problem with these actions and this CBO study. It is my understanding, and I think I am right, it is not a CBO study. In fact, CBO was not even involved in running these numbers. Rather, they were put together by staff members of the appropriate Senators who have proposed the Democratic plan.  I don't want to play this business of, ``How much is enough?'' I have said before, the problem is very serious in the northern plains, and for that matter all over the country, where we have had these unprecedented problems in regards to farm country. But I thought perhaps we should do some ``truth inspending'' and take a look at the level of payments the States of North Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota, Nebraska and Iowa have actually received under the 1996 farm bill. It may not be enough. But with all of this talk about, ``no bridge, tough luck, you are just out of luck, we are not going to support you''--Here we go: North Dakota in 1996, North Dakota farmers and ranchers received $309.7 million; 1997 $245.1 million and 1998, $245.2 million. Total, $800 million. That is more than nothing.  The yearly State average in Government payments in 1991-1995--the old farm bill which has been defended saying this might be the foundation for the next farm bill, this one is not working--what would have that provided? That average, 1991-1995, $265.4 million.  In 1996 through 1998 the average was $266.6 million. In July, the House Agriculture Committee estimated North Dakota farmers will be eligible to receive $215.1 million in advanced 1999 payments. Again, I am not sure I would take that, but some may have to.  The 29 percent bonus payments for 1998 crops will equal approximately $71 million. Adding the 1998 payments to the 1998 bonus payments and the advanced 1999 payments together, North Dakota farmers could receive up to $531.3 million during the calendar year 1998, this year.  South Dakota, 1996, $161.8 million; 1997, $183.1; 1998, $161.3--total, $506.2 million.  The yearly State average in Government payments in 1991-1995 under the old farm bill, $149.7. The 1996 through 1998 average was 168.76 million--19 million more per year. In July the House Agriculture Committee estimated South Dakota farmers will be eligible to receive $160.7 million in advance 1999 payments. The 29 percent bonus payment for 1998 crops will equal approximately $46.7 million. When you add them all up, South Dakota farmers could receive $368.9 million during calendar year 1998.  I am going to skip Montana. Nothing personal, I just think we ought to shorten it up.  Minnesota, the Democratic Senator from Minnesota has been on the floor indicating that times are tough in Minnesota. They are. It is a crisis. He is entitled to say that. In 1996, $261.5 million; 1997, $383.8 million; 1998, $322.6 million; total, $968.1 million--almost $1 billion. That is not nothing? Is that a double negative?  The yearly State average in Government payments in 1991-1995 under the farm bill--you haven't heard one word on the other side about the failures of the old farm bill and people standing in line waiting on the USDA to issue all the paperwork so they could fill out the paperwork to plant less, not at least respond to market signals but so that they might get a subsidy. Not one word. That was $270.2 million.  In 1996 through 1998, the average was $322.7 million--over $50 million more. In July, the House Agriculture Committee estimated Minnesota farmers will be able to receive $336.8 million in advanced 1999 payments. The 29 percent bonus for 1998 crops will equal approximately $93.5 million. Add them all up, $753.08 million during calendar year 1998. That is a lot of money. It is, perhaps not enough for the dire situation they face and in absentia of other things that we should be doing. The question is not how much is enough, but the claim, again, by the other side, that we are not providing any assistance.  Nebraska: 1996, $303.2 million; 1997, $490.082 million; 1998, approximately $400 million. Total: $1.193 billion.  The yearly State average in government payments in 1991-1995 was $349.9 million. That was back under the old farm bill.  The 1996 through 1998 average was $397 million; $349 million to $397 million, about $50 million more. I am not going to go through the advanced payments and the 29-percent bonus. I will add them all.  Nebraska farmers, as well as being No. 2 in the Nation in football, could receive up to $830 million during the calendar year 1998.  Iowa--Senator Harkin, my good friend on the Ag Committee who has a very honest and sincere difference of opinion about the direction of the farm policy program: 1996, $350.2 million; 1997, $680 million; 1998, $535 million. Total: $1.566 billion.  The yearly State average under the old farm program was about $449 million; under the new farm program, $522 million. Madam President, $522 million is more; $449 million is less.  OK. Advanced payments, the bonus payment, add them all up: Iowa farmers could get about $1.288 billion during calendar year 1998.  Madam President, I apologize to my colleagues for taking this much time and going over all the figures. The facts are clear. The rug has not been yanked out from producers in the northern plains. In fact, these States have fared quite well under the 1996 act's payments. When compared to the old farm bill--I realize we have extenuating and very dire circumstances now--the farmers who need assistance the worst--those without a crop--receive nothing--nothing--from higher loan rates. Yet, this is the situation many southern farmers will face under the proposal that is the alternative to the conference report.  I have made some remarks on the floor on several occasions against the loan rate proposal, uncapping loan rates. I don't disagree with my colleagues across the aisle that we need to provide assistance to farmers; that is a given. But history has shown us that their plan will not work, and I believe several myths should be addressed about their proposal.  Myth No. 1: Higher loan rates will put more money into the pockets of all producers and do not lead to excess stocks and lower prices in the long run. It is also argued that higher loan rates will not eventually lead us back to Government set-asides.  Contrary to these assertions, history has shown us that higher loan rates lead to excess stocks, greater production, a long-run depressing effect on price, and uncompetitiveness in the world market.  In addition, due to the difficulty in predicting budget outlays with marketing loans, it inevitably leads us back to command-and-control policies in an attempt to limit the budget exposure.  Again, some in the House and Senate do not feel we should spend $4.1 billion in emergency funding. How are we going to pay for $7 billion? And, more to the point, if you encourage more Government stocks and a tie-up of the transportation system and more production, you are going to extend that loan beyond the 15 months and you are going to get into more expenditures. We have been down that road before and farmers overwhelmingly tell me they do not want to retrace the journey. I think we should look forward and not backwards.  Myth No. 2: There is no safety net.  I have gone over the payment numbers. I have mentioned previously that there is a safety net. How can an extra $7.5 billion, at a minimum, over the last 3 years, compared to the old program, be hurting farmers and ranchers? I want a safety net that is a trampoline, not a hammock. If we go down this loan rate trail, it will be a hammock--we will sag in the middle.  On the other hand, if we can get our export policy straightened out, our trade policy straightened out, and our tax policy changes and regulatory reform, and get cracking, it may well be a trampoline with this assistance we are providing.  Myth No. 3: New trade markets will not help us get out of this problem.  There are, indeed, some in this body who argue that trade is not the answer to avoiding these problems in the future. How can you discount the importance of trade when we have to export a large proportion of our ag products? We must continue to work toward trade agreements and sanctions reforms that do not continue to shoot our producers in the foot and lock them out of world markets. And we must encourage producers to maintain the flexibility that allows them to plant according to the demands of the world market. Raising loan rates won't achieve these goals.  Several weeks ago, Senator Craig--the distinguished Senator from Idaho, who has been a very aggressive and constant champion of the American farmer and rancher and all the commodities and all the producers of those commodities in his great State of Idaho--and I sat down, along with others, in a small group, and we made a list of what we thought would be appropriate to address this farm crisis.  We decided on lost market payments and disaster payments. That is in thisbill. We decided on crop insurance reform. Got some. Not enough. Need to make it better. First order of priority in the next session. Wish we could have done it this year.  We decided on tax relief. I have already mentioned that. It is in the House bill. The President says he is going to veto it. That will be the best long-term--perhaps not the best--one of the best long-term things we could do for farmers and ranchers in 1999, 2000, and the year beyond.  Trade expansion. I have gone over that. Folks, you have to sell it or you are going to smell it, and we are smelling it right now. We need fast track and normal trading status with China, we need IMF, and we need sanctions reform. As I said before, we have to quit taking a knife to a gunfight.  Full enrollment in the Conservation Reserve Program.  The agriculture appropriations bill contains $4.1 billion in payments and also protects the sanctity of crop insurance. The bill does not include the important reforms that are needed, but I am pleased the protections included in the bill, and we are going to work for that reform next year.  I mentioned tax relief, and Senator Craig, who is on the floor now, and I sent a letter to the Secretary requesting full enrollment in the CRP program. This is an administrative action. The Secretary doesn't need any congressional action. We don't need to debate this and delay it. He can undertake it right now. It will provide an important tool to address the problem of marginally productive land that repeatedly suffers from natural disasters or disease problems, land like the northern plains. One of the things he can do right away is enroll the CRP in that part of the country. He can do it with the stroke of a pen.  Madam President, it appears that we will not be able to achieve all of the goals that Senator Craig and others of us have proposed in this Congress. However, this agriculture appropriations bill, combined with the House tax bill and the trade tools the administration already has available, will provide an important step in addressing the economic problems throughout our rural areas. But the President must be willing to step up and work with us, if he is serious about helping our farmers and ranchers.  Webster's defines a ``statesman'' as one who exercises the political leadership at his disposal wisely and without narrow partisanship. I am hopeful that we will see the President and my colleagues across the aisle act as statesmen on this issue and that we will not prevent farmers and ranchers from receiving this much-needed assistance. This agriculture appropriations bill is too important--too important--for our producers. I urge the President to reconsider his veto threat on this bill.  I thank my colleagues for their patience, and I yield the floor.  