President, I rise today in strong support of the conference report to the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Act of 1998. I would like to associate myself with the remarks of the distinguished chairman. This is going to be the most important bill to be passed in the 105th Congress in relation to agriculture. I commend the chairman, the ranking member, and the members of the conference for their efforts in reaching what I consider to be a good and a very bipartisan bill.  This bill has been in the making for 2 years. Due to time constraints and the need to more thoroughly evaluate the future direction of agricultural research, these programs, the research programs, were not dealt with in the new farm bill back in 1996. But we promised our farmers and our ranchers, all of us involved in agriculture, all of the land grant universities and consumers, that Congress would move to complete this important piece of the ag policy puzzle as soon as possible.  After 2 long years, we will soon vote to ``reform'' our agriculture research programs. We will not only vote to extend these programs and commit funds to feed America, and a very troubled and hungry world, but to reform them as well to make them more competitive. We are also going to provide important funding for crop insurance and rural development and, yes, limited food stamp benefits to a specified group of legal immigrants.  The distinguished chairman, the distinguished ranking minority member, and the distinguished Senator from Texas have talked about that at length. I am going to try to briefly address the importance of funding in each of these areas.  First of all, this bill provides $600 million in new funding for agriculture research. Why is that important? Mr. President, in the last several decades we have seen the population double in this world, and yet we continue to feed this country and, as I have said before, a troubled and hungry world on the same amount of ground. That is a modern miracle. People used to get peace prizes for that. And the main reason is agriculture research. When we passed that new farm bill, producers were promised that funding would be provided to help develop new crops, higher yields and stronger resistance to disease and pests.  In recent weeks, we have heard our colleagues from the northern plains discuss the problems caused by wheat scab. This bill provides funding for research on fighting this disease that has ravaged the wheat crop in many areas of the northern plains.  Let us talk about food safety. We have heard an awful lot of comment in the press and concern--understandable concern--about E. coli. This bill provides funding for research on the implementation of the Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point Systems (HACCP). It addresses the problem of E. coli.  The bill provides funding for important research into discovering and analyzing trade barriers that prohibit the movement of U.S. ag products on the world market. With the Asian flu today, and our markets declining, nothing could be more important. This research will provide important information to help us move toward these goals in regard to becoming much more market oriented and competitive.  Let me talk about the environment. The one thing that agriculture can do through precision agriculture is to contribute to being more and better stewards of the soil and the environment. Precision agriculture will become one of the most important tools available to producers in the future. It allows them to protect the environment by using satellite technology to determine the proper rates of pesticide and fertilizer applications to the square foot. This has implications all over the world.  I am pleased also that this bill will provide important funding for the Federal Crop Insurance Program. The Crop Insurance Program is currently facing a $200 million funding shortfall in each of the coming 5 years.  Let me just say that this lack of funding is a ``train wreck'' waiting to happen for American agriculture. Without full funding of this program, farmers could face cancellation of hundreds of thousands of crop insurance policies. Let me repeat that. Hundreds of thousands of farmers, this spring, are facing the cancellation of their crop insurance. That would be devastating.  Obviously, many farmers are required to maintain their crop insurance coverage in order to obtain loans from their rural banks. Without crop insurance policies backing these loans, many loans would be recalled, and it could send agriculture into a credit and financing crisis. Farmers and ranchers were also promised increased access to viable risk management tools with the passage of the 1996 farm bill. Crop insurance ranks at the top of the list of these important and necessary tools.  This bill provides approximately $500 million in new funding for crop insurance over the next 5 years. It also makes internal changes in the program. This $1 billion in combined funding changes solves the funding shortfall in the program and ensures producers access to adequate crop insurance.  Are all the changes made that we need to make in regard to crop insurance? No. There are changes and reforms that are still needed in the program. With the most important issue facing us--the funding shortfall--now solved, the chairman and I, Senator Kerrey, and others, in a bipartisan way, will confront this, and we will work to achieve the needed crop insurance reform in the next session of Congress.  Rather than going into the food stamp issue, which the chairman has addressed, Senator Gramm expressed his concern, and the distinguished ranking member, Senator Harkin, has addressed, I will go on and point out several other important facts in regard to this bill.  Well, let me say this in regard to food stamps. The very first thing we did in the House Agriculture Committee 3 years ago, when we started to address the farm bill, was take up the issue of food stamps. That is the first hearing we had. Billions and billions of dollars were being spent on food stamps--a program out of control and obviously in need of reform. Working with the distinguished chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, and others, we had hearings. We exposed $3 billion to $5 billion in fraud and abuse and organized crime in the program. We instilled reforms, and we saved $23 billion to $24 billion, plus $10 billion in regard to savings with the farm commodity programs. There isn't any other segment of Government that has gone through that kind of savings. No member of any committee of this Senate or of the House previously has ever achieved those kinds of significant cuts and reform in the Food Stamp Program or any other program. So the chairman is right. We would like to think we know a little bit about it.  The 1996 welfare reforms eliminated benefits from 800,000 to 950,000 to illegal immigrants. I know that. This bill extends the benefits back to children, elderly, and the disabled who were in the country before August 22 of 1996. It also extends benefits to refugees and asylees who may have entered after the August 22 date. Benefits will be returned to approximately 250,000 people--not 900,000, but 250,000 people. The trend line is down in regard to refugees.  I point out that a refugee is defined as ``a person who is fleeing because of persecution or a well-founded fear of persecution on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion, and who is of special humanitarian concern to the United States.''  With all due respect, I don't think that is a beacon. I think they are fleeing, and I think it is certainly within the boundaries of the United States and what the Statue of Liberty is all about that we consider that. There is a cap. Most of the European numbers are used largely for Soviet, religious minorities, and Bosnians. The East Asiannumbers are for former Vietnamese reeducation camp detainees, and Laotians. As I have indicated, these numbers are down. It has gone from 100,000 in 1980 to 75,000 in 1998.  In closing, let me say this. This agriculture research bill and this crop insurance bill will likely be the most important piece of legislation we pass for our farmers and ranchers during the 105th Congress.  During the debate on the 1996 farm bill, we promised our farmers, ranchers, and researchers, who depend on the markets, a more market-oriented agriculture. We promised to get the Government out of our decisionmaking, no longer do you put the seed in the ground as dictated by Washington. In return for less government support, we said we would provide the research and the risk management tools. That was a promise. We will endanger the significant reforms that we made in the new farm bill if this bill is not passed.  Let me make one other observation. The amendment by the distinguished Senator from Texas to recommit is, in fact, a killer amendment; $1.7 billion in regards to the way that States are administering the program, based on the reform we passed, will disappear. We do not have the money in the appropriations bill to pay for the research or the crop insurance, and we will face an agriculture crisis.  Mr. President, during the debate on the 1996 Farm bill, we promised our farmers, ranchers, and researchers that we would pass this bill and provide the tools needed to feed a troubled and hungry world. It is unconscionable that at a time when producers are facing low commodity prices, reduced international markets due to the Asian Crisis, and new crop diseases, this bill has languished. The tools included in this bill allow producers and researchers to directly address these issues.  I applaud and thank the Chairman, ranking member, and the greater majority of the members of the Agriculture Committee for their work on this bill.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sessions). The time of the Senator has expired.  