President, I want to thank my colleague and my good friend from Wyoming for reserving this time and for talking about some of the very crucial issues that affect our Nation's citizens, our daily lives, our pocketbooks, and, quite frankly, the lack of leadership that we see both from the standpoint of the administration and, to be very candid, in this Congress as well.  What I would like to talk about for a few moments is the issue that I think is the first obligation of the Federal Government. That is our national security, our national defense.  In beginning my comments, Mr. President, I would like to refer to a letter that was sent from the distinguished majority leader, Senator Lott, to the President. Senator Lott said this:       I am very concerned about the growing inability of our      country to man the uniformed services. Not only is there      difficulty in recruiting, but also in our ability to retain      key personnel.  Senator Lott then went on in several paragraphs to describe the problem that we have. Then in the last paragraph he said,       Mr. President, while I believe that more money needs to be      allocated to our National Defense, it needs to be done      prudently. We need to get the missions, manning, equipping,      and pay and benefits synchronized to enable us to continue      with a quality force into the 21st century. I urge you to      make this a high priority of your fiscal year 2000 budget      request.  And then in regard to the suggestion by the distinguished chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Senator Stevens, there is an effort by some of us who have the privilege of serving on the Senate Armed Services Committee, and those of us in the Senate Intelligence Committee, to take action as of this appropriations cycle. I think that certainly would be very wise and it is very needed.  The President wrote back and pretty much said that he is committed to ensuring that we have a strong and ready force and indicates--and I am paraphrasing here, and perhaps that is not entirely fair, but the way I read the President's letter is that we will stay the course and that we have a defense system certainly prepared to meet all of our national security interests.  Mr. President, I don't buy that. I rise today to voice my concern with what I think is a very growing and very worrisome problem with our military. And that problem exists right now and today and we should take immediate action to find answers to that problem. The issue is not, it seems to me, do they have enough tanks or fighters or ships or small arms. By the way, I do not think they have the adequate funding support for the modernization and the procurement of essential systems, but I will leave that discussion for a later time. This issue is even more fundamental and, I think, just as important; that is, the basic care of the men and women of our Armed Forces and their families.  Now, we have all heard the concern from the leaders of the military--we have had hearing after hearing--their real growing inability to attract and retain the needed skilled personnel, such as pilots and mechanics and ship drivers or any number of other very critical skills maintained by enlisted and officers of our military. Some say they are perplexed at this talent drain and wonder why they cannot stop the hemorrhaging.  Let me recount some other related topics concerning the care of our military and perhaps we can start to understand what I call this hemorrhaging.  Following the end of the cold war, the United States started a systematic downsizing of our military, consistent with the threat, and that made sense. I think everybody agreed with that. However, many people have not given much thought to how far we have downsized, just how far we have downsized.  Let me summarize what we have removed from the military: 709,000 active duty troops--709,000 active duty troops--293,000 reserve troops; 8 standing Army divisions--8--20 Air Force and Navy wings with 2,000 combat aircraft; 4 aircraft carriers; 121 Navy ships and submarines.  With the end of the cold war and with these very dramatic reductions in our military, we should be able to take great solace in the fact that surely our military commitments and deployments have also taken similar reductions. In other words, if you took dramatic reductions in regard to the active duty troops, the reserve troops, the Army divisions, the Air Force and the Navy wings, 4 aircraft carriers, 121 Navy ships and submarines, you would think that our commitments and our deployments would have been reduced as well. Unfortunately, as also many of us understand, just the opposite has occurred. The military across the board has experienced a many-fold increase in their operational commitments and tempo of their operations. Plainly stated, our significantly ``downsized'' military has been asked to deploy much more often and for longer periods of time than they ever have in our history.  This increased operational commitment has directly impacted the very culture of our military. For example, Mr. President, General Ryan, who is the Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force, has stated that the Air Force has shifted from a garrison force to an expeditionary force during this period--a dramatic change. The bottom-line impact on our people is that they are now away from their families significantly more than they were in the past. And, by the way, as we have shifted to an all-voluntary military, the number or percentage of married service members has also significantly increased--reportedly 63 percent now of our military members are married. So, problem No. 1, Mr. President, we have significantly increased the workload upon a substantially smaller military.  Since the percentage of service members that are married has grown, this increased workload has amplified the negative affect of deployments on the morale of our troops and their families. The reluctance of families to continue to tolerate these separations really contributes to the loss of mid-level personnel, key personnel, mid-career personnel. Asking our military to deploy and endure hardship in their personal lives is not new. Ask any veteran of World War II, Korea, or Vietnam about hardship and long separations. But those situations were drastically different than the involvements the U.S. military is being asked to participate in as of today.  In each of the major conflicts in the past, the mission and importance of the U.S. involvement was clearly articulated by the President, by the administration, understood by the American people, and certainly understood by our men and women in uniform. Those conflicts were founded on the notion that our involvement was in the U.S. vital national interests. The men and women of the military understood that concept, and they and their families were more willing to accept the hardship of military life.  I am convinced that the missions that our military are now participating in today do not meet that fundamental threshold of national interest. I amalso convinced that our military members understand the nature and the motivation of their missions. Although they continue to perform superbly, they understand that their sacrifice and their family's sacrifice today is not for the same noble cause as the defense of the American homeland--the very reason many join the military in the first place.  Problem No. 2: With a significantly increased deployment schedule and a substantially smaller force, the value and importance of today's missions impacts on the willingness of the men and women to join or to commit to the military as a career. Without clearly articulated mission goals and objectives founded in the fundamentals of the U.S. vital national interest, the ability to recruit and retain motivated men and women for our military will remain very difficult.  You only have to look at the deployment of 27,000 men and women in uniform in the Gulf, 37,000 in Korea, approximately 10,000 in Bosnia, with the expectation of what happens in North Korea and Kosovo as an example.  Certainly, if we are putting our military in a position of increased deployments and increased family separation, Mr. President, we must have or are doing a better job of adequate pay, health care, and retirement system. Unfortunately, just the opposite is occurring in today's military.  Let me outline the pay issue with one example that is occurring all too often in the military today. Picture, if you will, a young soldier--in which we have placed a great deal of training and responsibility and trust--commanding the world's best tank, M1A2, a $4 million piece of equipment. At home, this soldier has a wife and three children. They live in a mobile home off post, and because of his low military income, they are on the WIC Program, the Women, Infant and Children Program, which is a form of welfare.  What has happened to reasonable compensation for men and women that are committed to the service of our country? Can't we pay our military enough to keep them off of welfare programs or off of food stamp programs? We, the Congress, cap the raises that the military can receive. The net result of this action is that the military pay differential between a comparable job in the civilian market and the military has grown from 13 to 15 percent. That gap can go to 20 percent in just a few years.  Problem No. 3: Although the skill level required of the men and women of our military does continue to grow, the pay differential between the same skilled civilian and the military simply continues to widen.  The current pay of many of our young military families is so low that it is not adequate to keep them off of welfare programs. The prospect of continued and frequent long deployments coupled, with the opportunity to get better pay on the outside for the same work, contributes to the inability to attract and retain the skills needed for today's military. This is true for both officer and enlisted personnel.  OK, the pay is not great, but surely the housing has kept up with the increased numbers of married military members, and we have provided them with adequate housing--not palatial housing, but certainly adequate. Wrong again. To illustrate this issue, let me quote from an article entitled ``Shoddy Military Housing Need Repair,'' by John Diamond, a writer with the Associated Press. He says this:       ``In reality, we're the biggest slum lords in the      country,'' said Michael J. Haze, chief of Fort Carson's      housing division. ``I have soldiers every day telling me they      live in the projects.''  In the projects.  The article went on:       Behind the bureaucracy, thousands of military families      continue to tolerate what the Pentagon acknowledges is      shoddy, substandard housing because they cannot or will not      pay higher rents for off-base housing.  I don't want to mislead anybody. Some of the base housing is very nice and adequate. But if a serviceman happens to be unlucky enough not to be assigned to nice facilities, or a base that has nice facilities, their pay will not support quality housing in the private sector.  Problem No. 4: We ask our military to deploy at a much higher pace than ever before, we assign missions that do not meet the national interest threshold, we pay them less than they could get for the same or similar skills as a civilian, and in many cases, we ask them to live in substandard housing. It goes without saying that the culmination of these problems really contributes to the dissatisfaction with the military as a career and its attractiveness to potential recruits. How could anybody assume otherwise?  Finally, many of the men and women are able to work with and through all of these issues with their families and make the military a career. Many are still doing that. For many years, the attraction and reward for the tough life in the military was the great benefit of retirement. The deal was that if you would spend at least 20 years in the service of our country, your retirement benefits would be one-half of your base pay. And if you elected to spend 30 years, you would receive 75 percent of your base pay. That retirement program was a major benefit, a major recruiting tool, a major retention draw. Many young men and women have said, ``I can stick with this tough life because I know I am doing a good job for my country and I know that at least I have half of my pay coming to me at the end of 20 years.'' The plan is now that if a service member works for 20 years, the benefit is only 40 percent of the base pay. It is still 75 percent after 30 years, but the big draw has always been the 20 years. This is not popular with the troops. That is probably the understatement of my remarks. The fear is that the retirement program has been so weakened that, coupled with a myriad of other problems that I have described, many service members will leave rather than ``tough it out until 20.''  Problem No. 5: The members of our military are working harder, deploying more, receiving less pay than civilians are for the same job, living in inadequate housing, and are now seeing a reduction in retirement benefits. It is not difficult to understand that with this collection of negatives, and all of our commitments all around the globe--some may or may not be in our national interest--the military is experiencing problems in retention and recruiting.  I didn't mention health care. I don't have prepared remarks regarding health care, but I will come back to the floor and mention that as problem No. 6. That is an additional problem--adequate and affordable health care that is at least accessible. So, in many cases, that is an additional problem.  Mr. President, these are very serious problems that face the men and women of our military. I must admit that they do not have simple or inexpensive solutions. I do plan, with the help of many of my colleagues, to systematically attack these problems as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee. I hope that together we can help restore the faith of our military members that the American people care about the sacrifice they and their families make in the defense of our Nation by providing adequate pay, housing and retirement benefits and health care. We owe this to these men and women and their families that serve our Nation.  In closing, again, I thank my colleague, the distinguished Senator from Wyoming, for the time. I want to come back to the letter sent to the President of the United States by the majority leader, Senator Lott. Senator Lott said in two or three paragraphs, in brief, what I have tried to outline today. Mr. President, we have to do something about this. Mr. President, we have to do something now. We have to do something with the current appropriations bills. The President has sent a letter back to the majority leader saying, in effect, that we do have a military that still stands in the breach to protect our individual freedoms and national security. And we will talk about it in the next budget. That is not good enough. It is not good enough. We need to begin the process now.  I ask the President to reconsider the letter by Senator Lott. I know my colleagues will work in a bipartisan fashion to end what is a growing scandal in the military in terms of retention of the people who we need to maintain our military and maintain our national security.  I thank my colleague and my good friend from Wyoming for the time. I yield the floor.  