 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the amendment offered by the Senator from Iowa and to present what I believe will be an important plan to help our farmers and ranchers get through the current low prices and natural disasters they are experiencing.  Mr. President, there are indeed areas of rural America facing economic hardships caused by drought, flooding, wheat scab, and low prices. The question here is: will raising loan rates provide the cash flow assistance that farmers need? Or, will it create an additional set of issues that simply exacerbate the current problem?  We have consistently heard on this floor that there is no longer a ``safety net'' for America's farmers. Yet, we do not hear that under the 1996 farm bill,farmers have received over $6 billion more in payments than they would have received under the old farm bill. We do not hear about the transition payments producers are receiving on 85 percent of their historical yields. And, we do not hear about the Loan Deficiency Payments (LDPs) producers are receiving under the 1996 legislation. Recent estimates show that producers may obtain up to $3 billion in LDPs on their 1998 crops--in addition to their transition payments.  This is a ``safety-net!''  Let me repeat: We have a ``safety-net!''  Raising and extending loan rates does not improve producer incomes. Extending the loan rate actually results in lower prices in the long-run. Extending the loan for six months simply gives producers another false hope for holding onto the remainder of last year's crop. Farmers will be holding onto a portion of the previous year's crop, while at the same time harvesting another bumper crop in 1998.  As I stated during debate on the Agricultural Appropriations bill, rolling over the loan rate actually increases the amount of grain and soybeans on the market and results in lower prices--not higher prices. Since excess stocks will continue to depress prices, will we then extend the rate again? It will become an endless cycle that costs billions of dollars, and which will eventually lead to a return to planting requirements and set-aside acres in an attempt to control agricultural output and limit the budget effects.  Extending and raising loan rates will only serve to exacerbate the lack of storage associated with the transportation problems in rural America because it causes farmers to hold onto their crops and fill elevator storage spaces. Kansas still has wheat on the ground from this year's near record wheat harvest and we have begun to harvest what are expected to be record or near record corn, sorgham, and soybean crops. Raising loan rates will worsen the storage problems we are already facing.  It is also argued raising loans rates allows farmers to wait for a higher price. However, a study by Kansas State University looked at the years 1981 through 1997 and compared farmers' earnings if they held wheat in storage until mid-November versus selling at harvest. In all but five years, farmers ended up with a net loss as storage and interest costs exceeded grains in prices. Raising rates simply provides a false hope to farmers.  Mr. President, I think we must also ask several important question that have not been addressed by the advocates of this plan.  How do higher loan rates help producers who have suffered crop failures and have no crop to put under loan?  If loan rates will raise prices--as has been argued by the advocates--what will this do to feed prices for livestock producers who are in many instances facing more severe economic situations than grain producers?  How do higher loan rates help wheat producers that have already harvested and marketed their crops?  It is argued this action is needed to raise prices because the 1996 Farm Bill has caused the low prices we are currently experiencing. What about the low prices we experienced under the previous program in the mid-1980s and early 1990s? What was the cause of those programs?  Mr. President, it is obvious this plan will not work and will not assist all producers. Therefore, I am proposing the following five point plan which will be supported by many Republicans and which I believe can also garner bipartisan support.  The plan addresses cash flow concerns, crop insurance, the tax burden on farmers, trade, and the Conservation Reserve Program.  It is obvious we must provide some form of cash flow assistance to all farmers, including those who did not or will not have a crop to harvest. Therefore, I propose a ``Farmer Income Assistance Program'' which will ensure that all farmers receive some form of cash assistance. I know of no other way to address the multiple problems of farmers with one year of crop losses, multi-year crop losses, and those with large crop but no price. This is the fairest method available to us, and it will ensure that no producer slips through the cracks.  Mr. President, we must also take important steps to reform the crop insurance program. One of the most common complaints I hear from my farmers is that cop insurance does not work. They argue the policies available do not address their needs, not do they get adequate coverage for the money they invest in insurance policies.  A large problem with the program is the roadblocks the Risk Management Agency (RMA) has repeatedly put up to halt or slow down the development and expansion of many private policies. At the same time RMA acts as the regulator over these private companies, it is also developing and selling products in direct competition with the insurance companies. I know of no other industry facing these same roadblocks.  Mr. Kerrey and I have long been committed to major reforms of the crop insurance program. And, we are circulating a proposal to pursue these goals. However, it will be difficult to pursue major reforms in the short period of time remaining this session. Therefore, I propose several minor changes this fall to improve the program followed by what I hope will be serious reform next year. The proposed changes include:  Providing a proportional subsidy for all coverage levels up to 75 percent. Farmers often buy only the lowest level of coverage because that is where the highest subsidy levels occur.  Increase the subsidy rate so that it is the same for all revenue insurance contracts as for other all forms of crop insurance.  Mr. President, we must also pursue real tax reform that benefits our farmers and ranchers. We must pursue tax legislation that includes: 100 percent deductibility of self-employed health care; permanent extension of income averaging for farmers; farmer savings accounts; and reductions in the capital gains rates.  I realize some will argue that capital gains reductions do not help farmers. However, I would advise my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that a recent report by the Department of Agriculture recently stated that the greatest level of benefits to farmers from the 1997 Taxpayer Relief Act has come from the reduction in the capital gains rate.  Increased access to world markets is an important step that must be taken. Our farmers and ranchers simply cannot be successful without access to foreign markets. The most important toll to obtaining these markets is to pass fast track trade negotiating authority for the President. Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman has stated on several occasions that trade is the ``safety-net'' for America's farmers and ranchers. Last fall's failure to pass fast track is the single most important foreign policy blunder for agriculture since the shattered glass embargo policies of the late 70s and early 80s. We must pass fast track now.  Finally, Mr. President, USDA should announce a new Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) sign-up sometime this fall. I checked the Farm Service Agency (FSA) website before coming to the floor, and it stated that as of October 1998 there will be just over 30 million acres enrolled in the CRP. The Secretary is allowed to enroll up to 36.4 million acres, and I encourage him to enroll the maximum number of acres during this fall's sign-up. This is an important action which the Secretary does not need additional Congressional approval to undertake, and it will help to take many acres of high risk land out of production--particularly in the Northern Plains.  Mr. President, to summarize the plan is as follows: Income assistance payments; crop insurance reform; tax relief; increased trade; and full enrollment in the CRP.  This is not a plan which is set in stone. It is open to change, and I am happy to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to undertake a plan to assist America's farmers.  I am hopeful my colleagues will work with me in a bipartisan manner. I do not question the desire of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to help our producers. I simply think their approach will do more harm than good.  We tried to increase loan rates in the early and mid-1980s. It led to excess production and excess stocks that brought agriculture to its knees and greatly contributed to the agricultural crisis of the 1980s.  Mr. President, we tell our children that we study history so we will not make the same mistakes of the past. Past history shows us the Senator from Iowa's plan will not work. I hope that we have learned our lesson and will take the steps necessary to help agriculture move into the 21st Century and not mired in the broken policies of the 20th Century.  I yield the floor.  