Because just yesterday the coauthor of the major spending bill indicated if you just took a look at the legislative agenda of those who are dealing with express advocacy or soft money, you would see that the people who vote for that agenda are bought and paid for in regards to that specific agenda.  Obviously, if a person has a different agenda from those who support this bill and it's a little different--whether it be big labor or labor or, say, many of the nonprofits as opposed to, say, the Chamber of Commerce or whatever--why, that is certainly different.  I am wondering if they now understand that since the major broadcast networks are owned by corporations, that this should not apply to them. I mean, that's dreadful, to really figure out that the major broadcasters are corporate entities. Why, we can't give them free speech. My goodness, it has to be pure as wind-driven snow, as described by these other groups you see, because the legislative agenda would be different.  That was amazing to me, absolutely amazing, that if you support the top five issues of Common Cause on one hand, why, that's fine and we want to certainly encourage that free flow of information. But if you supported the Chamber of Commerce, which may or may not agree with Common Cause, that's different and your vote was bought and paid for, even to the point that if you support this legislation, it will result in lower food costs, lower gas prices, better farm income--I don't know--better health care, protecting the environment.  What do we have here? I'll tell you what we have. We have censorship by agenda of the particular group that either favors or does not favor this legislation. I maintain there is not any Senator here who is bought or paid for by that kind of contribution. I don't know anybody here who would do that. That is a very specious commentary; self-serving, condescending, elitist.  I worry about free speech. I am an old newspaper man. My family started a newspaper, the second oldest in the State of Kansas, the Oskaloosa Independent, based on abolition. My great grandfather, John W. Roberts, came to Kansas to make it a free State. I firmly believe in the first amendment and free speech.  This legislation, well-intended, strikes at free speech. It doesn't define what is and is not a newspaper. We are dealing with the same issue that the Founding Fathers spoke to with the Alien and Sedition Act. Senator Gorton is right; it is not a stretch.  As you can see, I get a little worked up about this. But I think it is a point that every editorialist in every newspaper who thinks they are on cloud nine and protected should stop and consider.  I thank the distinguished Senator from Kentucky for being a protector of free speech.  I yield the floor.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  Mr. McCONNELL. I thank the distinguished Senator from Kansas for his important contribution. What he is talking about here is precisely this, that the first amendment applies to everybody, not just to the press, and any misguided effort to make it more difficult for citizens to band together and express themselves without limitation, even though it may be in the neighborhood or proximity of an election, is not going to be upheld by the courts of the United States. So I thank the Senator very much for his contribution.  Mr. President, how much time do I have remaining?  