I would only point out that in 30 years every agricultural group, every farm group, every commodity organization, everybody connected with every hunger organization has been pointing out the insensitivity and the counterproductivity of unilateral sanctions with food and medicine.  I have some figures here from 1995. I don't have them yet for 1996, but they are very similar. U.S. sanctions cost an estimated $15 to $20 billion of lost exports. One way or other, I guess my question to the Senator would be: Would you support a sanction indemnity payments for those industries orthose businesses who have suffered the losses, through no fault of their own, more especially agriculture?  I don't know how we fund--I know how we fund it. We do it. We could declare it an emergency. As a matter of fact, that is one of the proposals that was being talked about, in terms of the package put together by the folks across the aisle, and some of us over here, on down the road.  We can't go on like this. I hope, after 30 years of this debate, I would hope the wheat growers, the corn growers, the barley growers, the cattlemen, the pork producers--the Senator's State of Florida is a tremendous State in regard to agriculture output. I hope these farm groups have met with the Senator.  Would the Senator be in a position to help us support some kind of sanction indemnity payment, given the situation?  I am not even talking about the humanitarian aspects of this. But we have sanctions now on 75 percent of the world's population. We just can't go on like this. So, consequently, I think this is a step in the right direction. Rather than do it piecemeal, each country by country--as the Senator from Connecticut so aptly pointed out, 98 to 0, and we just had a UC bill pass here in regards to India and Pakistan because they were counterproductive.  I think the Senator is obviously concerned about an island not too far from his State and I am concerned about that.  I would just pose the question. Would he support sanction indemnity payments?  