President, I rise in reluctant opposition to the amendment offered by my colleague, the distinguished Senator from Montana. In doing so, let me say I appreciate the efforts by those supporting this approach to provide their farmers appropriate risk management tools and to do what we can to encourage improved farm prices.  And, I also appreciate the unique and difficult times that farmers face where there is great risk, great opportunity and productivity, but great risk as well. My colleagues who are privileged to serve the hard working and productive producers in our northern tier states are going through a difficult time--Asian economic problems have already resulted in at least a 3.5 percent reduction in agriculture trade. This is why we just considered and passed the bill funding the International Monetary Fund with appropriate reforms. Prices at the country elevator in Montana and, for that matter in Dodge City, Kansas, have declined as a result. Add in severe weather and unfair trading practices across the border and you can see the relevance of the effort by my colleagues.  But, with all due respect to their intent, I feel compelled to remind colleagues of the law of unintended effects. Under the banner of providing a so called safety net by extending the loan program what will actually happen?  Is the goal to see increased prices? Today, approximately 20 percent of the nation's wheat crop is under loan, about 191 million bushels. The loan program expires this spring. This amendment would extend that loan to September 30.  Extending the loan rate will not create additional marketing opportunity. Rather it will eliminate to some degree, the incentive for farmers to market their wheat. Extending the loan is an incentive for farmers to hold on to the grain they have under loan for an additional six months. Now, this would not create a big problem except for the fact that we will harvest another wheat crop before September 30. And, all indications are we can expect another bumper crop. We will then have farmers holding a portion of last year's crop while adding a new crop to the market--grain from two crops--not one--on the market. We will have excess supply and my judgment is that will drive prices down even further and we will have just the opposite effect of what is intended.  And, at the same time we are holding our grain under loan and off the world market, other countries such as the EU, Australia and Argentina will again return to the business of taking our market share. This is a repeat of the situation the current farm bill tried to correct. Our current share of the world wheat market is just over 30 percent, the EU 15.4 percent, and Australia 14.8 percent. This amendment could well be called the EU and Australia Market Share Recovery Act.  It is also the first step in putting the government back in the grain business in the form of a reserve and I can still hear the advice of the former chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, Boage of Texas who warned repeatedly, grain reserves are nothing more than government price controls.  The Senator's amendment really takes us back to the age old debate in farm program policy as to whether the loan rate should be a market clearing device or income protection. I don't think it can be both. Under the current farm bill, the loan rate is a marketing clearing device and hopefully a price floor. The transition payments now being paid to farmers represent income protection.  What am I talking about? Well, the price of wheat today at the Dodge City elevator is about $3.10. If you add in the transition payment farmers in Kansas, North Dakota, Montana, Texas, North Carolina are now receiving, approximately 65 cents a bushel, that means the farmer is receiving around $3.75 a bushel. Now, I agree with my colleagues that is certainly not the $4.50 price we were getting months back or even higher on the futures market. We hope to see price improvement and soon.  But, let me point out with 20-20 hindsight, that this loan extension is primarily aimed, at least I hope it is aimed at last year's crop, the grain that farmers have not sold and that farmers did have an opportunity to sell at those previous prices.  Let me mention another possible unintended effect. Will not keeping grain under loan work at cross purposes to our goal of stating to the world and all of our customers that we will be a reliable supplier? Does not encouraging longer loan terms and keeping grain in storage tell our customers they should go elsewhere? Should that be the signal we send just hours after this body agreed the United States remain active and competitive in international trade by approving funding for the IMF with appropriate reforms?  Should we not be pushing for lower trade barriers and conducting a full court press to export our grain, our commodities, to sell wheat? My predecessor in the House, the Honorable and respected Keith Sebelius put it in language every farmer understands: ``We need to sell it, not smell it.''  What should we do? We should encourage the President, when he comes back from Africa, not to toss in the towel on fast track trading authority, to immediately sit down with Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman to explore and aggressively seek bi-lateral trade agreements. There are 370 million hungry people in Latin and Central America alone eager to begin trade negotiations--well sell them bulk commodities, they move to sustainable agriculture and quit tearing up rain forests and its a win, win, win situation.  We should continue the good work of Secretary Glickman and Assistant Secretary Schumacher to fully utilize the GSM export credit program in Asia. Restore the markets that have led to the price decline, don't drive them away. Secretary Glickman has committed $2 billion under the GSM program to assist South Korea and it has resulted in over $600 million in sales of agriculture products. The $2 billion figure is not a ceiling, it is a floor we canand must use more! We can use the Export Enhancement Program. The Administration recommended severe cuts in the very program that could not be of help.  My colleagues, we need to sell the grain, we have the export tools to accomplish that. What happens when this loan extension results in lower prices, we have a bumper crop, our competitors seize the opportunity to steal our market share, and we are faced with this decision again in September? We may be buying time with this amendment but we are also buying into market distortion and problems down the road.  Let us instead convince and support the Administration to aggressively use the export programs we have in place to answer this problem. Let us work on crop insurance reform. Let us recommit to the promises we made during the farm bill debate in regard to tax policy changes, a farmer IRA, regulatory reform, an aggressive and consistent export program.  Again, I commend my colleagues for their concern, for their long record of support for our farmers and ranchers and I look forward to working with them in the future. But, in terms of this amendment, its just that the trail you are recommending leads right into a box canyon.  With that, I reluctantly oppose the Senator's amendment and hope he can work with us and perhaps even withdraw the amendment. I yield the floor.  