President, I want to refer to the statement made by my distinguished colleague and friend from Arizona about the 21-1 vote that happened in committee. I must say that it is my observation over a weekend of deliberations things were changed in that particular bill that we needed to address, and we did. And so the Senate spoke 84 to 16 to endorse the reforms, and they are not passive reforms, that were worked on by a whole group of Senators--Senator Grams, myself, Senator Hagel, Senator Biden, Senator McConnell, and Senator Stevens.  Basically, what are we talking about here? We require consensus in regard to achieving these reforms not only with the G-7 nations but the 37 other nations involved. This isn't just a U.S. IMF program. Under the Kyl amendment, he says that we have to micromanage basically from Congress, from the U.S. standpoint something called a board of executive directors. That process is very slow. We don't have the time in regard to that, with the global contagion, maybe the global pneumonia, that is occurring right now. So the Senate has spoken 84 to 16.  I would point out that the seriousness of this is extremely critical. The Senator from Nebraska has talked about what is happening in agriculture. It is happening in every segment in regard to the economy, not only in this country but all over the world.  We have a package. We have been meeting here with other Senators across the aisle for normal trading status with China, with fast-track legislation, with sanctions reform and now IMF. If this amendment passes, it is a killer amendment. I don't mean to perjure the amendment, but it is a killer amendment. A, it will kill IMF, and, B, IMF cannot work under the circumstances of this amendment. And the testimony to that certainly comes from Chairman Greenspan and many others.  And so I urge the Senate to stick by that early vote. Again, I would mention it was, what, 86 to 14? No, 84 to 16. Well, there were two that were off base, but we will get it back.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  