 I want to thank my distinguished friend and colleague for his contribution. I want to pay particular credit to Senator Hagel for his work in enabling the Senate to move on IMF legislation. The Senator worked extremely hard with leadership of the Congress on both sides to implement serious reforms in the IMF bill, and to move ahead with the IMF bill. I hope the House of Representatives will simply address that legislation.  The Senator mentioned the most-favored-nation status for China, which is simply regular trading status that is exceedingly important. I have already indicated my concern about sanctions reform.  I think we ought to move on fast-track legislation. I was talking to the majority leader yesterday and he agrees with that. There are going to be 12 major farm organizations and commodity groups coming to the Hill to visit with us on Thursday. We would like to change the whole attitude and the whole situation in regard to trade.  It seems to me if we could really recommit to that, it would be most helpful--especially in agriculture. Our whole economy relies on exports. I have never seen this Congress more insular, more protectionist, and more consumed with legislation that tends to be either ideological or attempts to legislate morality. It is just as important to prevent bad legislation from passing as it is to enact good legislation. And I am not trying to point any fingers at any Member who has strong feelings about tobacco legislation. I do. I have youngsters who are teenagers, and I am concerned about this just as much as every Member of the Senate, but this has gone far afield from a bill to really direct itself at real answers to teenage smoking and addiction. And, in the meantime, we have these problems that are extremely serious.  And so I would simply quote again the majority leader who is not trying to perjure the bill. He was right when he said, ``We must end debate. Either pass, defeat, or set the bill aside.'' And let's move and get on with the business that directly affects the livelihood and the pocketbook of virtually every American when things such as world peace are hanging in the balance.  