 President, parents, teachers, and students throughout Washington State and across our entire country are looking for our help today as they try to implement the No Child Left Behind Act.  Unfortunately, the budget before the Senate by the Republicans falls $8.6 billion short of what our schools and our students need this year. It is yet another broken promise to our schools, our students, and our families.  We can do better. That is why I am offering this amendment this morning. I have visited schools in every corner of my State and I know firsthand that our educators everywhere are working harder than ever to help their students to meet these new accountable requirements. They want to do a good job. They want to do what is right. I also know it is not fair for the Federal Government to leave our schools without the funding they need to meet these Federal mandates we place on them.  Today our State and local budgets everywhere are stretched thin. Our local communities cannot afford to make up the difference between what our schools were promised and what this budget actually provides. That is why I am offering this amendment today to fully fund the No Child Left Behind Act. My amendment tells students, teachers, and parents that the Federal Government will be a full partner with our local schools as they carry out the new law we passed.  I am not asking for some unheard of amount of funding. I am simply asking we provide the funding we promised our schools 2 years ago. As everyone knows, the No Child Left Behind Act increased accountability for schools so we can ensure that all of our children will receive a high-quality education. However, accountability is a two-way street. We cannot demand that schools follow all of these new mandates and look the other way when it is time to write a check. If we expect our schools to uphold their part of the bargain, then we have to do our part and fund these requirements.  Let's not forget, the funding levels in the No Child Left Behind Act were based on a bipartisan agreement on what it would take to implement this new law. It is hard to believe we are here 2 years later and the Federal Government is still not doing its part.  This is especially important today because States are now confronting the true cost of implementing this law. The only study that looked at the actual cost to the States of the No Child Left Behind Act was conducted in Ohio. That analysis estimates that the cost to Ohio of complying with the law will reach $1.447 billion annually by fiscal year 2010.  Again, the President's budget request and this Republican budget fail to live up to the promises we made in this Senate just 2 years ago when we passed No Child Left Behind. That is why we need to pass this amendment today. This amendment adds $8.6 billion to function 500 to fully fund the No Child Left Behind Act and to improve overall funding for educational programs.  I am sure we will hear those on the other side saying their budget increases funding for No Child Left Behind by $1.2 billion over last year. It does. But it is still $8.6 billion short of what our schools need. That shortfall is going to have real and painful effects on all of our students unless we fix this budget.  Mr. President, 4.6 million low-income children in this country will not get the help they need under title I unless we pass this amendment. In my home State alone, the difference between the President's request and the promise of No Child Left Behind means 28,000 low-income students will be left behind.  This budget will result in fewer students being served by a number of important programs. That is because the Republican budget freezes funding for programs but those freezes mean real cuts in service when you factor in that we have rising enrollment and costs to our schools. At the end of the day, the Republican budget will mean that fewer students will be served in impact aid, dropout prevention, school counseling, afterschool, teacher quality, migrant education, and rural education.  Let me give one example of what those cuts mean for our students. This budget will leave nearly 20,000 children in Washington State alone and 1.4 million children nationwide without a safe, adult-supervised environmentafter school. We can do better. My amendment shows how.  My amendment will live up to the commitments we made to our students when the No Child Left Behind Act was passed. It fully funds programs such as title I, English language acquisition, afterschool, and rural education. If this amendment passes, more than 2 million additional needy children will be served by title I, as we promised, when we passed No Child Left Behind.  My amendment will mean more than 38,000 children in Washington State and 1.4 million students nationwide will have access to safe, adult-supervised afterschool programs.  My amendment is also fiscally responsible because it also asks for $8.6 billion in deficit reduction, something many of our colleagues have talked about.  Our priority should be educating our students. This amendment reflects that priority because both the education increase and deficit funding reduction are taken by closing tax loopholes. During the debate on my amendment, I suspect we will hear a whole list of reasons why we cannot give our kids the funding we promised them. I want to debunk some of those plans right now.  We will hear some argue that we have already increased funding for education to a high enough level. I say to any one of my colleagues, go to your local schools in your communities and ask them if they agree with that. See what type of reaction you get. Let's remember, we have never fully funded the No Child Left Behind Act--never. How can we ask our schools today to comply with the law when we are not holding up our end of the bargain?  Let's not forget that the only reason we have reached this level of funding is because many in Congress pushed and pushed last year to do better than the President's budget. If we had accepted the President's funding request, there would be at least $10.7 billion less for education than was appropriated by Congress and $6.6 billion less for No Child Left Behind.  Another claim we will hear during this debate is that if my amendment is accepted, we will come back and ask for more funding next year. That is exactly what the law called for when we passed it. The requirements on our schools ratchet up throughout the lifetime of this bill, including requirements to increase test scores and to have an increased number of highly qualified teachers that we require under the law. That is why the funding in the bill was slated to increase annually as well and why we are now falling further and further behind as we fail to live up to that commitment. That is why we are hearing from our teachers in our schools today. As parts of this law become implemented, they have to live up to them.  If my amendment is accepted, the request for fiscal year 2006 will not have to play catchup again as we have done for the past 2 fiscal years.  Finally, we will hear opponents argue that States and schools do not really need all of this funding. I disagree. The bottom line is that our schools do not need more excuses from Washington, DC. They need the funding we promised and my amendment will provide it.  As I conclude, I want to be very clear what is at stake. This amendment will determine whether we keep the funding promises we all made when we voted for No Child Left Behind. Those who vote against this amendment will have to explain to parents and teachers and students and families and communities they represent why they refused to provide the funding we promised in the No Child Left Behind Act.  If any of my colleagues want to argue against fully funding No Child Left Behind, that of course is their right, but I will fight with everything I have to give our schools the funding we promised so this law can work. Our students deserve nothing less.  I urge my colleagues to stand up with all of us who are working hard to make that law work for all of our students. I urge my colleagues to vote for the Murray amendment.  