 We are all concerned about our slow economy. Every day we learn of more American jobs that are being shipped overseas. We worry about American companies losing out in the global marketplace and the impact that has on our workers and on our economy.  Today, we are offering a way to fight back and help our workers and companies continue to lead the world in innovation. Today, I am proud to offer an amendment that will support high-wage jobs for American workers at home and make our products more competitive around the world.  Anyone who wants to support good-paying American jobs, and anyone who wants to help American companies compete and win in the global marketplace should vote for the Hatch-Murray amendment. We all know research and development is a critical part of any business's success, but investing in R is not cheap. Our foreign trade competitors offer substantial tax and financial incentives to encourage American companies to make their research investments elsewhere. But we need those jobs in the United States and this amendment gives us a chance to support American workers in the face of foreign competition.  That is why the R tax credit is so important. It provides a real incentive for companies to increase their investment in U.S.-based research and development. The credit helps stimulate innovation, wages, and exports which all contribute to a stronger economy and a higher standard of living for American workers.  This is about investing in America. Because this tax credit is only available for R performed in the United States, it provides a discount on qualifying expenditures, and it is a proven incentive for U.S. companies to increase their R investment in the United States.  Unfortunately, the existing research and development tax credit will expire this June. Unless we take action, in just a few months we will be throwing away one of the best incentives for spurring investments at home. I have always supported making the R tax credit permanent, but because of budget constraints, we are not in a position to do that today. But we can do the next best thing and extend and strengthen this incentive.  The Hatch-Murray amendment does three things: First, it extends the traditional credit for 18 months through December 31, 2005; second, it increases the alternative incremental credit rate starting in January of 2005; and finally, again starting in January of 2005, it provides an alternative simplified credit to encourage even more research-intensive businesses to spend more on research in the United States.  The R tax credit is a great example of how we make the Tax Code work for American workers and American families right here at home.  I have a letter from the R Tax Credit Coalition, and I ask unanimous consent to have it printed in the Record after my remarks.  