 President, I rise in support of the amendment to fullyfund IDEA offered by Senator Harkin and Senator Hagel.  Nearly 30 years ago the Federal Government made a commitment of equal opportunity to our Nation's children with disabilities. With that commitment, we promised that the Federal Government would uphold its end of the bargain and pay 40 percent of the average per-student cost for every special education student. Today, however, the Federal Government is paying less than 19 percent of that cost.  Over the past couple of years, IDEA has received significant increases but, according to the Congressional Research Service, at increases of $1 billion each year, the Federal Government will never fulfill its promise of funding at 40 percent. Further, if annual increases were $1 billion plus inflation, we would not reach the promised level of 40 percent until 2035, more than 30 years from now.  The Harkin-Hagel amendment increases IDEA funding over 8 years by $2 billion per year through mandatory funding. Mandatory funding is what it is going to take because local schools today are already struggling with the requirements of the No Child Left Behind Act, the lack of promised Federal funding, and the dismal financial picture still facing many of our States and local governments. It is going to take real funding through mandatory spending to make up for all of those gaps.  This gap in special education funding, by the way, doesn't just hurt disabled students; it hurts their classmates as well because we are forcing schools to make difficult decisions with regard to which kids get funding. In order to make up for the Federal funding shortfall, many school districts have been forced to take money from their general education budget, which affects every single student. I know we can do better for America's disabled students. Let us not make them wait another 30 years to fully fund this law.  I urge my colleagues to fulfill the promise of IDEA and support the Hagel-Harkin amendment.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  