 President, I know we are going to have a vote in a few minutes. I will wrap up a few things. There has been a lot of stuff strewn across the floor about this. We need to remember what this amendment is all about. It is about keeping a commitment all of us made when we voted to pass No Child Left Behind.  We told our schools, essentially our children, our communities, our families across this Nation that we were going to put in place accountability; that we wanted our students to learn, we wanted them to achieve, and we wanted them to be able to go on and get the skills they needed to be out in the job market.  The Senator from Iowa talked about Microsoft and Boeing and making sure we can be competitive. The best thing for Microsoft and Boeing to be competitive is to have an educated workforce of young people who have the skills they need to come in and do the kinds of jobs to be competitive in an international marketplace.  When we passed the No Child Left Behind Act, we said we were going to put those standards out there, but that was a two-pronged promise, and the other promise was to fully fund No Child Left Behind.  I have been amazed, sitting on the floor all morning listening to the other side say: We never intended to fully fund No Child Left Behind. I am shocked. I thought during the debate we had an agreement that we would have accountability and that we would have funding. Now to come back 2 years later and say, We never intended to fully fund this act, what kind of promise is that to our children? We are going to make you take tests and meet standards, and every year we are going to increase those standards and we expect you to live up to it. But here in Congress we can get behind some kind of statement that we never intended to fully fund it? That doesn't fly in my home.  I think it is imperative that we face the American people and tell them that when we in the Senate make commitments, we mean it. When we make a promise to fund education, to make sure our students have the skills they need, and they can meet those accountability requirements, we keep it. That is what this amendment is about. It is as simple and as clear as that.  I heard those on the other side argue that this is not a real amendment. Iheard them say that it just sets up language. The language that I use in this amendment is the exact language that the other side has in the budget to set up a reserve fund for transportation, to set up a reserve fund for Iraq and Afghanistan funding, to set up a reserve fund for fire suppression. Are those not real, either? If those are not real, then I accept the argument that mine is not real. But if they want to stand out here and say we are fighting for fire suppression, that their budget covers Iraq and Afghanistan, that their budget covers transportation, then this amendment covers the No Child Left Behind funding.  This amendment is real. It is exactly real. No one can hide behind the fact it is not real. It is real to every child in every classroom across this country.  There is a revolt going on in this country. Any Senator who has been home and been in a school knows it. Any Senator who has talked with legislators at their homes--and I know there have been discussions in Virginia, Utah, and many other States across the country--knows they do not want this mandate anymore and to take off the handcuffs because we have not funded it.  We have not lived up to our obligation to our children, to our communities, to our families, to our States, and to everyone else in this world who cares about education because we have not funded this bill.  My amendment is basic and simple. It says we will follow up on a promise we made 2 years ago to fully fund No Child Left Behind. I am more than at ease to go home and tell my constituents that I am fighting to make sure their children get a good education and we follow up on a promise. That is the decision every Senator is going to have to make when they vote on this amendment. Whose side are you on, on the side of making sure we keep our promises, making sure our children have the ability to learn and we do not just tell them they have to live up to standards, or on the side of hiding behind smoke and mirrors?  I intend to go home and tell my families in every community across the State that I am going to fight every single day I am here to make sure their children have quality teachers, their children have quality classrooms, their children have the ability to have good curriculum, their children are able to learn the skills they need from highly qualified teachers because that is what we promised them in this bill.  This amendment is about keeping promises. I urge my colleagues to vote for the Murray-Kennedy amendment. I ask for the yeas and nays.  