 President, the Senator from New Hampshire has strewn a number of arguments across the floor that need to be responded to. Every one of them has a very legitimate, responsible answer.  I used to teach preschool, and I am reminded of the kids who came in and threw all their toys on the floor and then trying to figure out which one to pick up first to try to make it look better. Frankly, there are so many arguments out here that I want to respond to--and I know the Senator from Louisiana wants to respond to--but every one of these arguments can legitimately and clearly be denied.  First, let me respond that this amendment does not raise taxes despite the rhetoric from the other side. This amendment closes loopholes, just as the Republican budget requires within itself in order to pay for this. That is legitimate. It is not raising taxes. It is closing loopholes. I think it is an argument all of us in the Chamber understand.  Senator Landrieu has been listening carefully to the Senator from New Hampshire on his argument about funding and funding increases, and she is going to respond to that. I will yield her time to do that.  But let me point out, when President Clinton came into office in 1993 and 1994--and the Republican chart that was up only talked about 1993 and 1994; it did not talk about the tremendous increases later--the President's No. 1 priority at that time was to balance the budget, which was extremely out of whack. President Bush, when he came into office--and that chart was showing us the numbers of increases at that time--his No. 1 priority was to cut taxes. That is the difference.  I remind my colleagues on the other side, the reason the budgets for education were increased is because Democrats demanded it. I know they have forgotten this, but Democrats were in control in the Senate from about June of 2001 until January of 2003, when much of those increases were in place, because we came to the floor and said it needed to be done.  I know my colleague, Senator Landrieu from Louisiana, is here. I yield to her such time as she needs to respond.  