 President, I rise today to discuss my ongoing work to protect taxpayers and help students by finally ending a special interest subsidy.  As my colleagues know, I have been working to close a loophole that allows some banks to issue new students loans at outrageously inflated rates. These subsides were supposed to have ended more than ten years ago, but they continue today, and taxpayers are footing the bill.  Just last year, this wasteful subsidy cost taxpayers $1 billion. Imagine how many students we could have helped if that money went to Pell Grants instead of the special interests. I believe we should close this loophole--immediately and permanently--and use the savings to help more students afford a college education.  It is outrageous that taxpayers are paying 30 times what they should for these student loans. Interest rates haven't been at 9.5 percent in years, but new loans--at that inflated rate--are being written every day because of this loophole.  On September 15, in the Appropriations Committee, I offered an amendment to close the loophole. My amendment would have used those savings--about $370 million--to increase grants to college students. My amendment had the support of every Democrat on the Appropriations Committee, but unfortunately the chairman and every Republican opposed it. They said they wanted to deal with it later.  So Senator Kennedy and I came here to the Senate floor and called on the Department of Education to take action, since our colleagues were not ready to act. Unfortunately, the Department of Education refused. As the Government Accountability Office noted, the Department could have closed this loophole with the stoke of a pen. Last week--seeing that neither the Republican Congress nor the administration--were willing to act, I introduced my own bill to permanently and fully close this loophole and help our students.  My bill is called the Student Loan Abuse Prevention Act S. 2861, and I thank Senators Kennedy, Mikulski, Durbin, Reed, Dodd, and Clinton for cosponsoring it.  My bill would use all of the savings to increase Pell Grants for students. The day after I introduced my bill, Senator Gregg offered his own bill, which we are considering today. I am pleased that the Republican leaders have finally offered a proposal. I am disappointed, however, that their plan does not fully close the loophole, expires after 1 year, and will not help today's student afford college.  Let me say a word about each of those shortcomings. First, the Gregg bill does not fully close the loophole. This subsidy would still live on. My bill says that lenders cannot create new loans at 9.5 percent. No new subsidies--period. And that is important because in the past 2 years lenders have used tricks to extend these outrageous subsidiaries, and we need to put an end to it. But the Republican bill is not a real fix. It does not stop these gimmicks entirely. In many cases, lenders could keep writing new loans at 9.5 percent for decades. Under the Republican bill, the outrageous subsidy will live on. So the first problem with the Republican bill is that it does not fully close the loophole and will still overcharge taxpayers for this lender subsidy.  The second problem with the Gregg bill is that it expires after 1 year. My bill will stop the subsidy forever. The Republican bill would expire in a year. I want my colleagues to know that when we work on the Higher Education Act, I will again work for a permanent fix that protects taxpayers--not just for 1 year--but forever.  The third problem with the Gregg bill is that it does nothing to help students who are trying to pay for college today. While there are a lot of good uses for this money, I would also like to see those dollars go straight into the pockets of our students so they can pay for college.  So the Gregg bill before us has three big problems--it doesn't fully close the loophole, it expires after a year, and it doesn't help today's college student. But--after all the work it has taken to get the Republicans to finally address this--the Gregg bill is a step forward and one we should take while we can.  I believe that our students and taxpayers deserve better. They deserve a real fix that is permanent and that helps today's students. But, given the reluctance we have seen so far, given the votes against my amendment last month, and the Bush administration's refusal to act, we should pass this first step and stay on the job until it is done and done right.  And I remind my colleagues that we will revisit the Higher Education Act next year, and I will fight to close this loophole fully and permanently. From coast to coast, the price of college education is soaring and parents and students are struggling. I will continue to fight for policies that put students above special interests and that protect taxpayers from these wasteful subsidies.  