Chairman, I rise to oppose the gentlelady's amendment, and I do so for several reasons.  First of all, the renewable energy accounts, where the funds are taken from, have already been reduced by $113 million from the prior fiscal year.  Frankly, those accounts are part of our future--of our future energy security for the country and, as I said in my opening statement, of the preservation of our liberty.  With over 40 percent of our energy resources being imported, there is no higher priority than for us to diversify our energy portfolio and to reclaim our own economic and energy security. Further reduction in those accounts will have a detrimental impact not just in Montana, but across this country.  In addition, the amendment, as I understand it, reduces Departmental administration by $6 million. Given my colleague's frustration with the Department's pace on many activities, including on the approval of our LNG export efforts, this seems to be a case of, really, making it much more difficult for the Department to do its job.  Let me put on the record again that, just since 2003, in the last decade, our country has spent $2.3 trillion on importing foreign petroleum. This is a vast shift of wealth, and thousands upon thousands--literally millions of jobs--are evaporating from our country.  Bloomberg New Energy Finance reports for 2030 that the market outlook estimates that renewables will command over 60 percent of the $7.7 trillion of power investment that is going to be made someplace.  When we think about our country's future, we must be vigilant, and we must be smart. We must be engaged in those markets because, if we aren't, we see what China is doing and we see what Russia is doing.  We have to pay attention. We can't rob Peter to try to pay Paul. Any water project, whether it is in Montana or whether it is in Ohio, is largely a public project, and you have to make money in the market to pay for it.  Reasserting ourselves and becoming leaders in energy, rather than importers of energy, is where America needs to head. I think this takes us in the wrong direction.  We should be leading investment in these technologies, not further eroding their capacity for our country, because other countries will displace us, and they are doing so.  Now, in terms of rural water projects in the Bureau of Reclamation, those water projects already will receive $21 million above the administration's request, so it is not like our subcommittee isn't doing its job.  Frankly, our part of America gets much less attention than the West does, in terms of rural water investment. We have a 50-50 match in our part of the country.  We don't have anything like the Bureau of Reclamation, and we have to compete in the Midwest for those precious dollars. We don't have enough, but we manage to move along as best we can.  I think that we have done what we can in our bill for rural water, and I really would take objection to the gentlelady's efforts to try to further cripple those renewable energy accounts that are going to help to create America's new future and to lead us toward energy independence and toward a reassumption of our liberties. I would hope that she would find another way to achieve her objectives.  I think I must also offer the comment that, as we look toward the West and its water needs, because of what is happening in the environment, we may be at a point in America's history at which we have to put our dollars where it makes the most sense, and if development is occurring in areas that are already water short or that are becoming desert--where the desert is growing and where literally nature can't provide what it did, maybe, 100 years ago--I think we have to manage the public dollars more wisely.  I oppose the gentlelady's amendment. I hope that we can find a different way to meet her genuine concerns.  I yield back the balance of my time.  