 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the fiscal year 2014 omnibus appropriations measure, a critical, critical step in the direction of regular order.  My hat is off to Chairman Rogers and to Ranking Member Lowey for their diligent efforts to bring this important agreement to the floor.  I also want to thank Chairman Simpson, our subcommittee members, our Senate counterparts, as well as our exceptional staff, Rob Blair and Taunja Berquam, for their dedication and hard work, especially over the holidays, crafting this legislation.  The Energy and Water bill makes America work. For example, it keeps the West alive, funding critical water projects across 17 States. We support science activities necessary to American manufacturing and our future competitiveness, and it contributes to our national defense importantly.  Over the last 10 years, our country has spent $2.3 trillion importing foreign petroleum rather than being energy-independent here at home. In fact, those imports are a chief strategic vulnerability. We must have the wisdom, the will and the fortitude to invest in the solution for our people.  This agreement restores an all-of-the-above energy strategy, including renewable energy programs and help on sustainable energy programs for the next generation.  The bill also increases funding for the Corps of Engineers, one of the most important jobs programs that we could support in this country to improve our Nation's waterways that provide the foundation for economic growth.  In terms of job creation, this bill makes critical investments in this country from coast to coast. You can't really move cargo unless you have open harbors.  The compromise bill that we will vote on today is an important step in that direction and, even more importantly, a step toward regular order, which this Member certainly welcomes.  Again, I rise in support of this legislation, and urge my colleagues to joinme in voting for the entire measure, but certainly on the energy and water portion of this bill, so vital to America's future.  