Chairman, this amendment tells the Department of Energy to deny the latest climate change science.  The amendment denies that carbon pollution is harmful and, according to this amendment, the cost of carbon pollution is zero. That is science denial at its worst.  You don't have to look too far to discover the damage already caused by climate change. In fact, in the State that I live in, what used to be Tennessee's ecosytem and climate zone is no more. It has been moved up. If you plant any seed in the ground, you look at the back of the packet, it has all been changed.  We see very unusual weather patterns developing all across our Nation and the world.  We can't put our heads in the sand and deny reality. There is a reality out there.  There was a book written called, ``Last Child in the Woods,'' and it talks about how most Americans now don't spend enough time outdoors. In fact, a lot of them are even afraid to be out there. So a lot of people spend their life in air-conditioned situations or well-heated situations and don't really look at what is happening to our ecosytem.  In May, our Nation's leading climate scientists released the National Climate Assessment, which confirmed that climate change is real, it is caused by humans, and it is already harming communities across America. The assessment explains that scientific evidence is ``unequivocal.'' This amendment tells the Department to ignore these scientific findings.  The latest science shows that climate change is expected to exacerbate heat waves. Has anybody noticed the erratic nature of what is happening in the places you live?  Droughts. I heard Senator Feinstein say the other day that California is become a desert State. Interesting statement.  Wildfires. Who can deny those?  Floods and water- and vector-borne diseases will pose greater risk to human health, to animal life, and any living creatures around us.  It is interesting to me that, in my own State, the pork industry is undergoing an incredible implosion because of something that is infecting the hog population and they are being lost, not by the tens or the hundreds or the thousands, but by the millions. There is something wrong.  Wheat and corn yields are already experiencing negative impact due to climate change. After 2050, the risk of overall declining crop yields increases substantially.  Federal agencies have a responsibility to calculate the cost of climate change and take them into account.  Unfortunately, what this amendment would require is that the government assume zero harm and zero cost from carbon pollution and carbon change.  The truth is that unchecked climate change would have catastrophic economic impacts here in the United States and across the globe. Those who are less fortunate will bear the heaviest burdens.  I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. Don't be a science denier. Pretending that climate change doesn't exist won't make it go away. Maybe every single Member of this Chamber should have to enroll in some STEM classes so that science and technology and engineering and math are a part of our DNA and it might be easier to really evaluate the world around us with more objectivity.  I reserve the balance of my time.  