                             {time}  1300  We rise as colleagues in support of H. Res. 726 as we continue to strongly support the right of the people of Ukraine to freely determine their own futures, their sovereignty, without outside interference and, God forbid, further bloodshed or loss of life.  The brave people of Ukraine continue to face incredible challenges, not only an assault on their borders by Russia, but reforming their own government and their judiciary to develop a rich civil society with the rule of law.  The task that lies ahead for Ukraine is daunting but beckons liberty forward. This is Ukraine's moment in modern history. I expect her to become one of the greatest nations in Europe.  While the situation remains unstable, there are clear signs of hope, the ultimate reflection of the intrepid soul of the Ukrainian people who have endured history's raw edge. Just yesterday, Ukraine's President, Petro Poroshenko, signed the landmark and long-awaited European Union Association Agreement, a brave step forward. We recall it was this desire for a closer association with Europe and the West on the part of the Ukrainian people that was ultimately responsible for the start of the crisis which persists today.  As a great nation--the name Ukraine means ``borderland''--Ukraine should reach west and east and north and south. It is just that vast a land and its potential unlimited.  But in trying to accomplish that effort with Europe, what began as a peaceful protest in Kyiv, the capital, ended in bloodshed, first at the hands of the former corrupt Yanukovych regime, and now at the hands of Russian agitators under the directives and support of Russia's President, Vladimir Putin.  Still, we look forward to tomorrow's historic joint meeting of our Congress here in this House in honor of President Petro Poroshenko's first official visit to the United States. We must heed President Poroshenko's words and take into great consideration any request he makes of us, a vital friend and ally.  We continue to stand in solidarity with Ukraine and her people, and the passage of this bill, H. Res. 726, on the eve of President Poroshenko's visit aims to further illustrate the special friendship and bond our two countries share.  Were it not for Ukrainian Americans in our country and other Americans who had endured under the Soviet mantle for some generations, the visit here would not have as deep a meaning. We share Ukraine's struggle.  Mr. Speaker, I urge this bill's passage. I thank all of those--Ranking Member Engel; Chairman Royce; my colleague as cochair of the Ukrainian Caucus, Jim Gerlach; Sander Levin and Bill Pascrell--for making this moment possible.  