 The CHAIR. A point of order is reserved.  Pursuant to House Resolution 641, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California.  Mr. LaMALFA. Madam Chair, this language in this amendment will hold the Sacramento River settlement contracts in place until issues associated with the litigation or renewal of the contracts are settled. Maintaining these contracts is critically important to the effective operation of the Central Valley Project and efficient delivery of water north and south of the delta.  The settlement contracts are foundational to the CVP and provide vital stability that benefits the Bureau of Reclamation, agricultural and municipal and industrial water users, the environment, the California State water project and its beneficiaries.  The language does not prejudice the disposition of the ongoing litigation; it simply ensures stability until such issues are resolved.  The settlement contracts, originally entered into by the Bureau in 1964 and renewed in 2005, allowed the United States to properly distribute the Sacramento River water rights and provide operational stability for the CVP. Without these contracts in place and full compliance with their terms, the underlying right to divert water from the Sacramento River will be called into question, potentially creating instability statewide. The settlement contractors would continue to divert water under their historic rights, but will begin to do so earlier in the year and during critical months. In addition, they would not be required to compensate the United States for any of the water they divert. This would cost the Treasury approximately $12 million in lost revenue.  Moreover, the settlement contractors would no longer be obligated to schedule their water diversions with the U.S. This would result, at a minimum, in an inability to operate the CVP in an efficient manner, causing uncertainty and instability throughout the Central Valley Project and the State water project, which serve a combined 23 million people.  Finally, the contract supplies available for diversion under the existing SRS contracts were assumed in all base and future studies used in the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service 2008 biological opinion pertaining to the delta smelt.  The Ninth Circuit recently confirmed the validity of that biological opinion, as urged by the U.S. and NRDC. Accordingly, continuing these contracts under their existing terms pending the final outcome of the NRDC v. Jewell litigation would have no adverse effect on delta smelt.  I reserve the balance of my time.  The CHAIR. Does the gentlewoman from Ohio continue to reserve her point of order?  