Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman's amendment. It flies in the face of 97 percent of the world's scientists who agree that climate-warming trends over the past century are very likely due to human activities and could impose significanthuman and economic costs on societies, including ours.  This amendment requires the Department of Energy to assume that carbon pollution isn't harmful and that climate change won't cost a thing. That is nothing but fantasy.  The Republicans, in general, don't seem to trust the scientists, and I would hope that they would listen to the economists and business leaders ringing alarm bells about the potential costs of unmitigated climate change.  Standard & Poor's rating services recently released a report warning that climate change will put downward pressure on the sovereign credit ratings of countries around the world. They wrote:       Climate change is likely to be one of the global megatrends      impacting sovereign creditworthiness, in most cases,      negatively.  For example, Standard & Poor's concludes that:       Extreme weather events, especially floods, can be expected      to increasingly take a toll on a country's infrastructure      and, thus, productivity.  Standard & Poor's also warned that fiscal performance will decline as government budgets come under increased stress from climate-induced emergency support and infrastructure reconstruction costs. We have had a little bit of that in our country already.  Last month, three former Secretaries of Treasury released a report on the economic costs of inaction on climate change. Henry M. Paulson, Treasury Secretary under President George Bush said:       Our economy is vulnerable to an overwhelming number of      risks from climate change.  The report identifies numerous economic risks, including large-scale losses of coastal property and infrastructure, extreme heat across the Nation that threatens labor productivity, human health and energy systems, and shifting agricultural patterns and crop yields.  Secretary Paulson wrote that:       These risks include the potential for significant Federal      budget liabilities, since many businesses and property owners      turn to the Federal Government as the insurer of last resort.  The economic impacts of climate change will be felt globally, particularly by the poorest countries. Last year, the World Economic Forum released its annual global risks report, which was based on a survey of 1,000 experts from industry, government, academia, and nonprofits around the world on the global risks most likely to manifest over the next 10 years and those that could have the greatest impacts.  The report found that rising greenhouse gas emissions posed one of the biggest global risks in the coming decade and that failure to adapt to climate change could have a tremendous socioeconomic impact across the globe.  This is not just a looming threat. We are suffering, in our country, the cost of climate change today--the skyrocketing costs of fighting wildfires, for example; the mounting costs to farmers of losing their crops and their livestock to more frequent and severe droughts; the enormous costs of rebuilding infrastructure swept away by more intense storms or threatened by steadily rising seas. Ask the people in Louisiana or New Jersey or New York.  This amendment ignores everything that is already happening and all of the warnings that it is going to get a lot worse. This amendment denies economic reality and decrees that climate change imposes no costs at all. Of course, ignoring the costs won't make them go away.  In fact, all evidence shows that the longer we wait, the more we will allow the risks to compound and accumulate, the more costly it will be to solve the problem in the end. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. McKinley).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it.  