 Mr. Speaker, I would say that Congressman Howard Coble represents the values of gentlemanly behavior, affability, cordiality, some might say--those of us from the North would call it--a bit of a courtly manner, which I always associated with the South. He is not just a man of character, but he is a character, and his personality and demeanor represent the type of collegiality that is so important to bring this institution together. I have no doubt he has well represented the constituents of his North Carolina district these many years--the Sixth District--and they probably share my great affection for this wonderful man.  Now, I say that knowing that we disagree, issue-wise, on almost everything; but I think Howard Coble is the kind of person who represents what Congress should be--individuals who may disagree on issues but who become friends through their years of service. That is really remarkable because many people who go to work every day in this country go to work with people who think just like they do. They are in the same business or they teach a course in something or they are surrounded by those who agree, but what makes Howard Coble special is he can be friends with people who disagree. Now, those who disagree with him even might come from his own party. One comes to mind in particular, someone he has kindly called the ``lady of the harbor.'' I don't know if former Congresswoman Helen Bentley is listening tonight or not, but she has a few remembrances of Howard as well.  Though we might have disagreed, we became great friends, and it makes the service bearable. It makes it bearable. Howard is also my neighbor over in the Rayburn Building, and there isn't a time that we pass in the hall that he always doesn't say, ``Hey, good morning.'' ``Hey, good afternoon. How are you doing?'' His compassionate nature and his Mr. Cordiality, really, are extraordinary qualities in an institution where people come with very, very strongly held views. So I want to pay tribute to Howard Coble's service. I didn't know he was the longest-serving Republican in North Carolina history. He has served honorably, and he has helped this institution to hold together.  Thank you, Howard Coble, for teaching all of us how to behave and how to be effective in our service. May God bless you in the days and years ahead. You know you always have family here. We appreciate your service, and we thank the people of North Carolina for sending you here these many years. Godspeed.  