Speaker, it is an understatement to say dean and Chairman John Dingell is a gentleman of this House and a respected man of the law. He has served our Republic his entire life, beginning as a page for this House at the age of 12, followed by his enlistment in the United States Army and his service during World War II. He is a bona fide representative of the Greatest Generation's dedication and enduring legacy.  He is a Member's Member, always available for counsel and always with an encouraging word. How many of us have benefited from his astute advice? This Chamber says thank you to a man who knows how to negotiate, who knows how to legislate, and knows how to foster great change. He is a master of the art of compromise.  His service has been honorable for over half a century. He has been indefatigable. John has walked forthrightly in the shoes of his beloved father before him, and he served our Nation nobly in this House and the people of Michigan who reelected him 30 times. His service has established a historical record 59 years long of consistent dedication to liberty and to the people of our country.  Historically, he has assumed his place as one of the House's strongest timbers, truly a foundational Member, a master of the rules and decorum that should attend to our privileged service here. He is a champion of the dignity of the House.  Generations to come would be well-advised to emulate his service. He understands and treasures this House, its centrality in steering progress for our democratic Republic.  He is a champion of civil rights, of living wage jobs in America and labor rights here and abroad, of American manufacturing and the auto industry, of energy independence for America, of Medicare and Social Security as his father was before him, of our natural environment and the legal basis for respecting it--our Great Lakes, the fish, fauna, and creatures that form the wild kingdom, the park systems and wildlife refuges, the river and ocean ecosystems that maintain and sustain the stunning beauty and bounty of our land and frankly sustain us. He is the heartbeat of Motown.  I personally will always treasure the moments we spent working on legislation to refinance the U.S. auto industry and our tours of the auto giants' manufacturing platforms, of the times we spent together creating the first international wildlife refuge in our country in the Great Lakes region spanning our shared Michigan-Ohio border with Canada, the clean water and clean air achievements, the tours of the La-Z-Boy company and that firm's stellar involvement in environmental stewardship of our Ohio-Michigan region.  Mr. Speaker, I shall always treasure our encounters, countless as they are, along the Ohio-Michigan border that we shared, the hundreds of plane rides together, often with Deborah along, with dear colleagues like John Conyers, Billy Ford, as well as our car ride back to Michigan together after 9/11.  We have shared the priceless opportunity to guard liberty and extend her welcoming arms to the people of Poland, our shared ancestral heritage, as Poland cast off the shackles of Communist oppression. Though each of us dreamed of the day when that incredible moment might transpire, its achievement remains one of world history's most glorious moments.  So the patriotic gentleman from Michigan, House seniority rank number one, our dean, you have not only earned your title as ``Man of the House,'' you have inspired millions of people and ably met the call of Daniel Webster in your time and generation to perform something worthy to be remembered. You have met that test.  My colleague, may God bless you and Deborah and hold you and your loved ones dearly. America thanks you, and so do I, as dean of Ohio's delegation. Godspeed.  