Smith, for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, the resolution before us is a fateful one. If operations planning is not executed properly, it will result in the United States becoming embroiled in a modern version of the Hundred Years' War.  Over the past decade, and indeed since the bombing of our Marine barracks in Lebanon three decades ago, our Nation's blood and treasure have been expended in growing numbers to influence Middle East foreign policy. Most recently, the result has shifted Iraq from a Sunni-led dictatorship under Saddam Hussein to be replaced by a corrupt, unrepresentative Shi'a-leaning regime led by Nouri al-Maliki. Both corrupt regimes thwarted democratic advancement, and now a new, untested government has been set in place in Baghdad, but its effectiveness is unknown. Its connectivity to its own people across its provinces is uneven and undemocratic.  Meanwhile, we witness the rise of ISIL, a barbaric Sunni force largely composed of foreign fighters from other nations that manifests the discontent of the Sunnis. ISIL's leader had been a leader inside al Qaeda Iraq.  Recognize for the most part, Iraq's huge Sunni population has been vastly ignored and purposefully excluded in Iraq's al-Maliki-led government. There is a huge chasm between Baghdad's politically unrepresentative government and the reality of the Sunni tribes not affiliated with ISIL that have dug in for the long haul and exist in key provinces in Iraq.  It is to America's peril if we miscalculate and fail to understand their importance. It is to America's peril if we underestimate who the enemy is, what ISIL is fighting for and against, and what it will take to defeat ISIL.  America must stand at liberty's side but never place our military between two warring factions whose hatred for one another is legendary and lethal. If America is pulled into a civil war on the lands of Iraq and Syria, perceived as having taken sides with the Shi'a against the Sunnis, we will be on the wrong side of history.  Our military has already lost over 6,000 valorous Americans, with 50,000 more brave wounded or incapacitated. Our Nation has spent over a trillion dollars, including training over 800,000 Iraqis to defend their own nation.  But legions of Iraq's Army that our government trained, at the first test of their mettle against ISIL, tore off their uniforms and fled. It is not disputed that an important reason for this is that the former Prime Minister of Iraq, Maliki, purposefully weakened his own Iraqi Army by putting his incompetent cronies in charge of units that ultimately were underequipped and could not fight.  To win, America cannot and must not make the mistake of ignoring the legitimate concerns of Sunni native tribal leaders in Iraq who have been summarily cut out of the decisions being made by a Baghdad government so unrepresentative and so utterly calculated against Sunni representation. This exclusion will imperil success in any coalition effort to rid the regime of ISIL's barbarism.  It has come to my attention that the exclusion of Iraq's four main Sunni-Arab tribal groups from contact with decisionmakers in Baghdad and elsewhere continues. The current government in Baghdad, led by Prime Minister Haider Abadi, does not engender nor seek their confidence. There is no contact between, for example, historic Sunni tribes and the Iraqi Government nor our government. What a gaping omission. The four main tribes are the Al-bu Khalifah, Al-bu Mar'i, the Al-bu Fahd, and the Al Sulayman. It has also come to my attention that if any Iraqi claims to speak for them in Baghdad, he does not, or he does so fraudulently.  Before I can vote on any resolution that might potentially embroil our military in taking sides in a major Shi'a-Sunni civil war across that vast region, I would seek assurances that our government has been in direct contact with the native Sunni tribes in Iraq whose mettle was proven in the first awakening.  