Speaker, I thank the ranking member for allowing me this time.  I want to commend the committee of jurisdiction for bringing this bill before our body in a very timely manner. I am very proud of our country, the standard bearer for liberty across this world.  We as a Congress, in this House in particular, are in the leadership role of standing up for people in another sovereign nation who seek to have the same freedoms that we enjoy. These freedoms are hard earned.  This resolution today, H.R. 499, allows Congress to take the next steps to our firm and continued commitment to Ukrainian sovereignty, territorial integrity, and democratic advancement so Ukraine can become the great borderland nation she is destined to be.  Additionally, H.R. 499 accompanies H. Res. 447, which this House passed on January 29 and on which those of us here on the floor today were original cosponsors.  The Russian Federation's military invasion of Crimea is a clear violation of every treaty and agreement to which she is a part, including her membership in the United Nations and its 5-member permanent Security Council.  Russia's action is not only a violation of Ukraine's territorial integrity, but also the 1994 Budapest Accord and a complete breach of obligations under the United Nations charter.  The United States continues to condemn those violations. We call on Russia to immediately withdraw all military forces from Crimea. No two nations should shed bloodshed anymore that have the histories of Ukraine and Russia.  We call on the Obama administration and our European allies to impose financial, trade, and visa sanctions in increasing severity on those in Russia responsible for this travesty.  I urge my colleagues to fully support House Resolution 499, and I wish to thank the Ukrainian Caucus founded by Members here today, especially Congressman Sander Levin of Michigan, who has fought at our side for so many decades in word and deed for the freedom of Ukraine.  I want to thank the chairman of the committee, Mr. Ed Royce of California, for his continued leadership and vigilance, and Congressman  Bill Keating of Massachusetts for allowing me the time today.  Most Americans and people in the world don't know the full history of Ukraine, but no place suffered more in the 20th century than that place, through forced starvation of its own people by the then Soviet Union, by the Great Terror of elimination of millions of minority groups in its borders, by then the invasion of the Nazis and the German government a while later.  Over 14 million people were slaughtered or starved to death or assassinated or buried alive inside the boundaries of what we call greater Ukraine and Belarus. There is no greater moral obligation for the world community than to stand at Ukraine's side now in her fateful hour.  I am so very proud of our country for being a positive force to get a diplomatic resolution and a peaceful settlement so the world community can muster full strength to stop any further bloodshed. What a shame that would be in this 21st century, a century that should be one of democratic advancement and liberty for all.  