 I just wanted to rise in opposition to the gentleman's amendment and to say that one of the reasons we have a budget deficit is because we have an energy deficit. We have had an energy deficit for over a quarter century--well over three decades now--and every year, the average family in our country puts out over $2,800 now, just for gasoline for their automobiles.  There were those who said we shouldn't incentivize the ethanol industry. Now, about 10 percent of every tank full of gasoline has ethanol in it, and that has reduced our imports. If you look at the hemorrhage from this country of over $10 trillion over the next quarter century with oil being $100 a barrel and you look at what is happening to the middle class in our country because we aren't energy independent, we had better be serious about changing the composition of energy production in this country because it is part of the major problem we face in lack of robust economic growth.  You can't import economic growth; you have to produce economic growth. One of the major ways we can produce economic growth in this country is to invent a future different from the past, so I completely oppose the gentleman's amendment because you are going to increase the Federal deficit because economic growth will not increase at the level that it should be.  It has been slowly creeping forward with the weight of two wars on our backs over the last decade or so, but you can't kill the future.  In Alabama especially, you have that major Huntsville operation with all those NASA facilities and all those subcontractors, and there are parts of Alabama that are doing very well as a result of Federal investment, but don't hurt the rest of the country on the energy front because you have some perspective about why we might have a deficit.  We have a deficit because we are not inventing the future fast enough, and we are importing too much of what we should be making here at home.  So I appreciate the courtesy in allowing me to place this on the Record. We can't kill renewable energy. We can't kill the future. We have got to be able to invent it and to cut off these imports and to begin to produce our way forward again in this country. I view it as our chief strategic vulnerability.  So I appreciate the gentleman wants to do something good in terms of reducing the deficit. The best thing we can do is to invent our way forward and create new energy sources for this country, including the renewables.  Don't kill the future. Oppose the gentleman's amendment, and I would respectfully yield the time that has been yielded to me back to the gentleman.  