Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  I think the gentleman's amendment, including some vagueness of his language, will likely have many unintended consequences. For example, one of the projects, the Enbridge corporation, which constructed the Montana-Alberta power line, has already repaid our government $161 million of its borrowed authority--its loan--decades ahead of schedule, showing that transmission projects, when vetted properly, are sound investments.  Essentially, his proposal would repeal the Western Area Power Administration's borrowing authority for the construction of transmission lines that would bring renewable energy to market.  The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act provided $3.25 billion in borrowing authority for WAPA. This authority allowed for the construction of new transmission lines to deliver power from renewable energy sources.  By repealing their authority, it is just another example of, unfortunately, the Republican Party's anti-renewable energy strategy.  The borrowing authority has already led to the financing of two much-needed transmission lines out West--not even in my own part of the country--the one that I mentioned, the Montana-Alberta transmission line, which brings wind power to markets in our country, and the Palo Verde Electrical District 5 in Arizona. The Tohono O'odham Nation is already looking to utilize the PV-ED5 line to bring solar power generated on to their reservation.  Mr. Chairman, if adopted, the amendment would have the following impacts: for the Palo Verde project, which is customer driven, it is 92 percent complete, and it could be brought to a halt.  It supports mostly rural customers and Native American tribes and is a model of public-private partnership for which this program was created.  It will also allow those customers--and potentially others--to add renewable energy to the grid, while strengthening the transmission system in an area which is seeking growth and actually has more demand.  If that project is totally completed, something that is jeopardized by this amendment, the benefits of the project include providing customer access to the Palo Verde trading hub and also providing 300 megawatts of unconstrained transfer capability from ED5 to Palo Verde, to support and enhance the viability of renewable resources in development in southern Arizona.  Jobs and transmission investment capability would be negatively impacted, and it could impact how--on behalf of the ED5 project--how it reimburses staff for work in support of the project.  Now, I mentioned that there are projects already underway that this amendment would bring to a halt. What sense does that make? I mean, we have already got issues in our country.  We need jobs in this country. We need affordable energy in this country. We need diversified energy in this country. I really don't understand why the gentleman is offering this amendment, but I can tell you the attorneys who looked at this language continue to find there will be additional impacts due to the vagueness of the language you have proposed.  I would guess your amendment will likely have many other unintended consequences, such as impacts on the preference power customers.  Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.  