 President, I have spoken many times in recent months on my concerns for the growing threat to our kids from drug use. All of our early warning systems are sounding the alarm. All our major national reviews of drug trends indicate the emerging pattern. What they show is that month by month, day by day, minute by minute, drug use among our young people is on the rise. They also make clear that attitudes among young people about the dangers of drugs are changing--for the worse. More and more kids, some as young as 10 and 11, are seeing drug use as OK, as no big deal.  Let's stop for a minute and reflect on just what these facts mean. For those of us who remember how the last drug epidemic in this country got started, the present trend is truly disturbing. Think for a moment on what happened and how it happened. In the late 1970's and early 1980's, we saw the streets of our inner cities become battlegrounds. We saw many of our communities, our schools our public and private spaces overwhelmed with violence, addiction, and abuse. We saw families destroyed and individual lives shattered. The problem became so serious that the public demanded action. The Congress responded with comprehensive drug legislation in 1986 and 1988. We supported massive increases in public funding to fight back. We still do. To the tune of some $16 billion annually at the Federal level alone.  That problem, the one we spend all this money on, began with our kids. It began because we as a country allowed people to sell us on the idea that drugs were OK. We bought the idea that individuals could use dangerous drugs responsibly.  The consequence was the drug epidemic of the 1970's and 1980's. An epidemic whose long-term effects we are still coping with. Let's remind ourselves who the principal audience was that was listening to all the talk about responsible drug use. It was kids. It was the baby boom generation in their teens who heard the message and took it to heart. It was a generation of young people who bought the message. It did not take them long to translate the idea that they could use drugs responsibility into the notion that they had a responsibility to use drugs.  As a result, today, a large percentage of baby boomers have tried drugs. Many of those are today's drug addicts and dealers. Many of them are today's parents who feel disarmed in talking to their own kids about drug use.  Today, we are on the verge of making the same mistake again. After years of progress in reducing drug use among kids, it is this very population that is at risk. Once again, we are seeing the glorification of drug use. Increasingly the music our kids are listening to conveys a drugs-are-okay message. The normalization of drug use is creeping back into movies, advertising, and TV. And who do you think is listening? The answer is in the numbers.  Teenage drug use is now in its fifth year of increases. And the age of onset of use is dropping. Our last epidemic started with 16 and 17 year olds. Today's ``at-risk'' population, the age of onset, is 12 and 13 year olds.  One of the major reasons for this is that we have lost our message. We have in recent years been inconsistent. And, we are seeing a more sophisticated effort by some to once again promote the idea that drug use is okay. And they are targeting our young people.  Nothing brings this home better than an item in the Washington Post on 27 April.  The Sunday's Outlook section had a piece by a young woman in a New York City high school. She wrote about a recent drug lecture in her health science class. The article, entitled ``Lessons You Didn't Mean to Teach Us,'' is arresting. I invite all my colleagues to read the piece. I ask unanimous consent that the article be printed in the Record at the conclusion or of my remarks.  The Article official without objection, it is so ordered.  (See Exhibit.)  