 That commission functioned for approximately 12 months. The success of the commission is a result of the leadership of Senator Kerrey and Congressman Rob Portman of Ohio.  As a member of the Commission on Restructuring the IRS, also as a current senior member of the IRS Oversight Subcommittee on the Finance Committee, and as the chief Senate sponsor of previous legislation that has been called the Taxpayers Bill of Rights I and the Taxpayers Bill of Rights II--and of course I am a taxpayer myself--I have been involved in several ways for many years in an effort to finally reach this point that we will make substantial changes, hopefully passing legislation, that will make substantial changes in the IRS and how it functions.  Congress is on the verge of a very major shift in power from the Federal Government to the people. The recommendations of this commission are a blueprint for the transfer of power. Understandably, there is much anxiety within the Federal Government at this moment. It is in anticipation of this loss of power. The anxiety is at the highest levels in the executive branch that I have seen it.  The American taxpayers have waited a long time for this to happen. They have suffered through decades of encounters with an agency that has been unaccountable, unresponsive, misleading, arrogant, and even abusive. The IRS has been granted enormous powers that at times seems to disrespect, even to undermine, civil liberties. The responsibilities to our citizens that go along with such power was not exercised by that agency.  Furthermore, IRS management seemed to have taken a vacation. Billions of dollars have been wasted. Performance failures were not met with discipline. Questionable activities were covered up by secrecy, mostly by abusing the authority of what we would all recognize as section 6103, the so-called privacy provisions. Congressional oversight of the IRS has been rendered all but impotent because of absurd 6103 restrictions. These restrictions make the Pentagon's highly secret and highly restrictive Joint Chiefs of Staff vault seem like a Freedom of Information office.  I urge my colleagues to seize the moment. IRS reform is long overdue and is very vital.  Mr. President, I want to highlight just a few important issues recommended by the commission.  To restore accountability to the taxpayers, the commission has made several recommendations.  The one attracting the greatest attention has been the commission's proposal for an independent board to oversee the IRS. The commission's belief is that an independent board will provide an infusion of talent from the private sector to set appropriate performance measurements and reward or discipline managers who either meet or fail to meet these performance measures.  In private meetings, the administration appears to be divided on another proposal, the proposal for an independent board to run the IRS. But it appears unfortunate that some who oppose this proposal are doing so only because it signifies a monumental power struggle that they stand to lose.  Treasury officials, who years ago could not find the IRS even if they were standing at the corner of 11th and Constitution, are suddenly in fits about losing some control over part of their budget and their bureaucracy.  They must be reminded that the IRS is one of the few Government agencies that has a significant impact on almost every American. The American taxpayer deserves a modern IRS that provides taxpayer customer service on a level equal to that provided by private financial institutions throughout this country.  We have seen a lot of promises of reform coming from the Treasury of late, wholly in response to the work of this commission. Treasury assures us that IRS reform is their top priority and their best people are on it. But if Congress turns its back now on reforming the IRS and listens to the siren song of the Treasury Department, I predict that a year from now Congress will face the justified wrath of the American taxpayer.  Treasury officials who are locked in this power struggle trying to preserve their bureaucratic empire would do well to remember the quote of the first Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton, who said, ``Here, sir, the people govern.'' That is the essence of what this commission would do, return power from the Federal Government to the people of this country.  I am also pleased that the commission did not call for the easy solution. The easy solution around Washington is just to give more money to some Federal bureaucracy. And the plea was made to us: More money is what is needed at the IRS. One Treasury official privately admitted recently that the IRS never would be serious about embracing reform as long as Congress kept throwing money at the bureaucracy.  Until 2 years ago, the IRS had seen continued increases in its budget for 40 years. This commission uncovered that hundreds of millions of taxpayers' dollars were being wasted. Clearly, the problem at the IRS is management, not money.  The commission made several findings and recommendations about protecting taxpayers and strengthening taxpayers' rights. I note that in the past, the Congress has focused its energies on giving rights to taxpayers who are in dispute with the IRS. The commission's recommendations build on this. We recommend a strengthening of taxpayers' rights in a number of areas, but I think of equal importance is the emphasis the commission has placed on protecting taxpayers, that is, preventing problems even before they ever happen by emphasizing quality of work and customer service by our IRS employees.  We all know the story of the small business owner who gets a notice from the IRS that he owes maybe $2,000 in additional taxes. The business owner goes to his accountant, who says he does not owe the IRS $2,000, but it is going to cost $5,000 to fight the IRS. So what does the small businessperson do? He pays the $2,000.  Why does this happen? Because the IRS puts such little emphasis upon quality control and upon taxpayers' rights. The IRS still measures its managers on dollars assessed, whether or not it is a proper tax owed.  Is it any surprise then that when a taxpayer does appeal, the IRS loses 72 cents on the dollar? It is wrong that many taxpayers have to spend millions of dollars fighting the IRS because there is no quality control.  I am pleased that the commission also emphasized the need for customer service. We recommend that taxpayers who are subject to examination or collection efforts or who simply try to contact the IRS to resolve a problem are provided a chance to comment on the service given. While revolutionary to the IRS, this is old hat for many State tax collection agencies as well as for business in the private sector. By measuring managers on customer service, we hope to begin to change the culture of the IRS and its employees.  Emphasizing quality service and customer service are ways to protect the taxpayers in the first place. It is also a way to measure the performance in an appropriate manner that will hold managers and employees at the IRS accountable for their action.  I suggest that the emphasis upon quality service and customer service is in keeping with what many saw as a mandate given to the Congress in 1994--moving power from Government to the people. The reforms suggested by the commission certainly emphasize that it is the taxpayer who comes first and it is serving the taxpayer as a customer that must be a top priority at the IRS.  Mr. President, I want to just briefly touch on a third point, the need for greater openness at the IRS. The commission found that the IRS was a very closed and insular organization. The commission put forward a first step to make the IRS more open to the Congress, more importantly, to the press as a policing agency within our process of Government. If we are going to be at all successful in changing the culture of the IRS, a key ingredient must be greater openness at the organization.  To encourage openness and also ensure accountability, there are three areas.  One, the IRS must be timely in responding to Freedom of Information Act requests.  Two, the IRS should not abuse its authority under section 6103 to cover up embarrassing information about management mistakes. For example, the commission highlighted that the IRS had abused its 6103 authority to hide from the press the fact that the IRS had provided Congress false information.  Three, the IRS must maintain and preserve documents. The commission itself discovered first hand several times that the former IRS historian Shelly Davis is right--that the IRS doesn't preserve records. Many requests by the commission for documents and data were met with the response that the data no longer existed or the documents could not be found.  Addressing these three areas of openness may not be headline grabbing, but my experience has shown me that they will go far in bringing accountability at the IRS and changing its culture.  My final point is to emphasize the commission's findings on the need to simplify the Tax Code. We heard from countless witnesses, as well as hundreds of IRS employees and thousands of taxpayers that the complexity of the code is crippling to IRS management.  While I've spent a lot of my time here criticizing IRS, let me make clear that the complex code is not the fault of the IRS, it is a burden placed on IRS management by Congress and the White House. It is clear that if we wish to see improvements at the IRS in customer service and relations with taxpayers, steps must be taken to simplify the code.  This IRS Restructuring Act will lead to better management of the IRS and better customer service in the field. I encourage all of may colleagues to cosponsor it.  Mr. President, before I yield the floor, my colleague is responsible for the tremendous product of this commission. It is not me. It is because he gave it the time it needed, the expert leadership it needed. I speak of Senator Kerrey of Nebraska.  