 President, I rise in support of the Rural Health Improvement Act of 1997, which I joined in introducing today with Senators Baucus, Rockefeller, and Thomas.  We've heard a lot lately, Mr. President, about how hospitals are doing better financially than they have in years. ProPAC's recent report to the Congress indicated that the average prospective payment margins for hospitals are becoming healthy again. In 1995, the average PPS margin was 7.9 percent; only 3 years before, the average PPS margins were negative.  This has truly been a remarkable turnaround, and I applaud hospitals for their success at improving their efficiency. We must remember, however, that anytime we use average statistics, there are those which are below the average, as well as those are above it.  In my State of Iowa, as in many areas of the United States, small rural hospitals are essential links in the chain of health care access. For these small hospitals, however, economic survival is a constant struggle.  There are limits to what we here in Congress can do to help these hospitals survive. But I believe that we have an obligation to do our best to give rural Americans a fighting chance at access to health care. And at the very least, we must not hinder small rural hospitals as they try to serve their essential role.  Unfortunately, our Medicare policies have often been an obstacle, rather than a help. Our inflexible rules and reimbursement policies have made it even harder for small, rural hospitals to survive. I am pleased to report that the legislation we have introduced today is an important step toward making the Medicare Program a true partner with these hospitals.  This bill expands two successful demonstration projects: the Montana Medical Assistance Facility project, and the Essential Access Community Hospital, and Rural Primary Care Hospital projects. These projects have been limited to eight States, with Iowa not among them. Mr. President, I believe that the purpose of demonstration projects is to see what works. Well, the results from the eight States have been very good. It is high time to make the same help available to hospitals in all 50 States. That is what this bill will do.  This legislation allows the designation of certain hospitals as critical access hospitals. To qualify, hospitals must have average lengths of stay of not more than 96 hours, referral relationships with larger hospitals, and 15 or fewer beds, which may be used either for inpatient care or as swing beds. The bill also imposes a general distance requirement of 35 miles from another hospital, but this requirement need not be met if the State certifies that the hospital is a necessary provider of services to residents in the area. The ability of States to waive the 35-mile rule is crucial to hospitals in Iowa, where the distances between communities are not as vast as in some Western states.  Critical access hospitals will be given greater flexibility in meeting Medicare regulations that were designed for larger hospitals. Most important, the legislation will help these hospitals to make their transition from acute care to less expensive primary care. This is why the General Accounting Office has found that the demonstration project has not only assisted the hospitals, and the rural Americans they serve, but that it has actually saved money for the Medicare Program.  Mr. President, as you might expect, this bill will make a big difference in Iowa. In 1995, 43 Iowa hospitals had six or fewer inpatients per day. Of these 43, 15 had negative operating margins. Many of these are not county hospitals, and thus are not subsidized by county tax revenues. These hospitals are in a real bind, and many will benefit from this legislation. Some of the small towns which are likely to be helped are Hawarden, Primghar, Eldora, Rock Valley, Corning, and Rock Rapids. For these Iowa communities, and for many others across America, the Rural Health Improvement Act of 1997 could be a lifesaver. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  