 President, I rise today to offer a bankruptcy amendment to resolve an important question which has been raised regarding S. 4. This is a bill which will provide America's working families with some much-needed relief from the demands of balancing family and work. But some have questioned whether workers' rights to be paid by companies that declare bankruptcy might inadvertently be affected by S. 4. My amendment will make sure that this will not happen and that workers will be fully protected.  S. 4 is a very important bill. We all know the story. Over the past decade or so, wages have been flat and the tax burden seems to just grow and grow. As both mothers and fathers around the country have had to work outside the home and have had to work longer and longer hours, they have less time to spend with each other and with their families. This leads to a decrease in the quality of family life.  And with all the assaults we have on families these days--increased drug use by teens, excessive violence and sex coming from Hollywood to name a few--Congress needs to give serious consideration to finding ways to protect and stabilize families. The Senator from Missouri is to be commended for taking such a progressive stance on this important issue.  S. 4 will give employers the chance to offer families the choice of working harder and earning overtime pay or getting some time off in exchange for working more. That makes good common sense and will expand the range of choices that working families can make.  Now, I chair the Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts, which has primary responsibility for bankruptcy policy in the Senate. I am offering an amendment today to make sure that unused comptime and unused flexible credit time will be protected when an employer declares bankruptcy. Under current law, unpaid wages up to $4,000 are given a preferred status if earned within 90 days prior to a company declaring bankruptucy. Under the Bankruptcy Code, secured creditors are paid and then the costs of administering the bankruptcy estate will be paid. After that--ahead of all the other creditors--workers' wages will be paid subject to those limitations I just described.  I believe that comptime and flexible credit time should be protected in the same way as unpaid wages because unused comptime and unused flexible credit time are essentially unpaid wages.  So, my amendment does two things. First, my amendment provides that all unused comptime and unused flexible credit time will be deemed to have been earned within 90 days prior to the employer filing for bankruptcy. This will prevent a dishonest employer who wants to cheat workers from arguing that he doesn't have to pay the value of unused comptime or unused flexible credit time because they might have been earned over a period of a year or even longer. In other words, by having the law deem all unused comptime and unused flexible credit time as having been earned within 90 days prior to the employer's bankruptcy, the worker's right to be paid will be protected. That's pro-worker and pro-family and it's just plain fair.  The second thing that my amendment will do is insert comptime and flexible credit time in the list of preferred debts alongside unpaid wages. That means that unused comptime and unused flexible credit time will have the same preferred status as unpaid wages.  Mr. President, I hope that every Member of this body will support my amendment. It is pro-worker and it makes sure that the promise of comptime and flexible credit time will not turn into an empty promise. As we all know, most employers are honest and law abiding and will go into bankruptcy only as a last resort. But when a company has to go into bankruptcy, we should take extra care here in Congress to see to it that workers are treated fairly. We should also make sure that workers are protected from the small number of dishonest companies that might try to use a loophole to cheat workers out of what they've earned.  My amendment simply ensures that unused comptime and unused flexible credit time will be as protected as unpaid wages. Workers who choose to take the time to be with their families should not be disadvantaged should their company have to declare bankruptcy.  Mr. President, I hope this amendment passes overwhelmingly.  I would like to also suggest that as a concession to the Members of the other side of the aisle, I have also raised the dollar amount referred to earlier from $4,000 up to $6,000 as well.  I yield the floor.  