  With Mr. Rossotti, we hope to capture the benefit of a superior organizational leader. The risk is that a nonlawyer could not handle the legal side of the Commissioner job. At the Finance Committee hearing on Mr. Rossotti's nomination, I asked Mr. Rossotti how he intends to perform legal analysis as a Commissioner of the tax law agency when he does not have that background. He responded that he would do it exactly the same way he would do it as a private-sector business leader. He would hire good advisers, consult the experts, and make clear decisions based upon all the information supplied to him.  The Nation has a great opportunity with a person like Charles Rossotti. When coupled with legislative reform at the IRS, a nontax practitioner as IRS Commissioner represents a sea change at the IRS. The IRS is moving away from being a law enforcement agency and toward becoming a customer service agency. Of course, it is about time. Most people pay their taxes voluntarily and pay them honestly.  Therefore, I encourage all my colleagues to support Mr. Rossotti's nomination and then we can take up the matters of legislative reform of the IRS with him as an ally.  I think I need to speak for a moment in support of the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act, the Kerrey-Grassley legislation. Our bill, S. 1096, is the product of 1-year's work in the National Commission to Restructure the Internal Revenue Service. Senator Kerrey and I participated in the commission as four congressional Members of this 17-member commission. The other 13 members were non-Congress-oriented, and 10 of those were from the private sector. So I think we had a broad range of expertise on this commission to study how can we make the IRS more consumer friendly and more efficient in its operation.  The House might pass this same legislation as early as tomorrow. Our legislation is maybe the only thing more important to the IRS and the taxpayers than who the next Commissioner might be. If that Commissioner is dedicated, as I think Mr. Rossotti is, to change at the IRS, then he needs our legislation in order to succeed.  I introduced S. 1096 with Senator Kerrey last July. However, the Senate seems to be on track to address this legislation next year rather than this year. There are arguments to wait--and I think our distinguished chairman, Senator Roth, is very sincere in his expression of these reservations. But, speaking for myself, delaying IRS reform is a mistake. The Senate should pass our legislation yet this year. The House is prepared to pass the companion bill. We can make IRS reform the law of the land before the 1997 holidays. If we did, the Senate would create a new reason for Americans to be thankful this November.  There are two reasons for the Senate to join the House in supporting the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act. First, troubled taxpayers literally can't wait for the relief that we provide in our bill. Second, the Senate will hopefully confirm the next IRS Commissioner nomination. Mr. Rossotti needs the tools that are in our bill in order for him to fully succeed in his job. Let's not require him to spin his wheels for another half-year. When you are dealing with the Internal Revenue Service, every day counts. If you are a taxpaying family and you are being hunted by the IRS, you need relief right away. If the Senate does not pass relief until 5 or 6 months from now, individual taxpayers will continue to suffer. At best, they may lose their life's assets. At worse, they may lose that which holds the family together. If you are in trouble with the IRS, 6 months is an eternity.  The IRS Restructuring and Reform Act would provide immediate relief to taxpayers in trouble. We would extend to taxpayers a greater ability to recover costs and fees incurred to defend the family against the aggressive tax man. In the Senate hearings where we had these sort of horror stories about how the IRS can treat the taxpayer, we found that many taxpayers simply pay an unlawful tax assessment. Often it is cheaper than a legal defense against the IRS.  When there is a tax due, our legislation sets standards and sets allowances within which we would require the IRS to make offers in compromise of a disputed claim. In other words, taxpayers get to pay their bill and go on with their lives. When a disputed claim includes both an IRS debt to the taxpayers and a taxpayer debt, we once and for all eliminate the IRS interest rate preference over taxpayers.  Currently, when you owe the IRS money you pay a higher percentage than when the IRS doesn't make your refund and the Government owes you money. So if we wait another 6 months, we continue to give the Government the monetary advantage over the taxpayer. The Government earns a higher rate of interest from taxpayers than what the taxpayer get in return. It is a matter of equity that we would not charge the taxpayer more than we are willing to pay the taxpayer for money not refunded.  Indeed, fundamental fairness is what finding a new breed of IRS Commissioner is all about. We are about ready to confirm Mr. Rossotti to be this person. I think he will be a fundamentallynew sort of IRS Commissioner. He is experienced in leading large multistate organizations. He is experienced in organizing state-of-the-art information systems. That is his business. He is experienced in providing customer service or he would not be the head of a very successful private-sector organization.  However, when he takes office, he is going to need all of the tools that we can think to provide him in order to succeed. It seems to me that Congress needs to pass legislation to knock down the legal barriers to his success on behalf of the taxpayer. Charles Rossotti needs the tools of reform on his very first day, not 6 months from now, and the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act provides those tools.  For example, our legislation provides that the incoming IRS Commissioners would sit for a single 5-year term. The revolving door between the Commissioner's office and the tax industry will be closed. We will require Commissioners to stick around long enough to reap what they sow. More important, we will provide the Commissioner with an independent board of nine persons who will be his strategic leaders. The board will provide guidance on long-term goals and investments. The Commissioner will implement the corresponding day-to-day leadership at the IRS.  Our legislation provides that the new Commissioner need not operate as a team of one. Our legislation offers the opportunity for the new Commissioner to bring in his or her own team of senior managers, because currently at the IRS and over decades of time, high-level bureaucrats at the IRS know they can always outlive any new IRS Commissioner. Previous IRS Commissioners have gone into those positions with high-level management there in a place frustrating what the Commissioner wants to accomplish.  So it seems to me that the taxpayers deserve the best. Our legislation allows the next Commissioner to recruit the best and then to retain the best. We make it clear as the intent of the law. Mr. Rossotti hopes that even under existing law he can bring people in from other agencies of Government, through the Senior Executive Service, to accomplish a team that he wants. However, it is not clear if he can bring in people from outside of Government. He will need such new faces in order to get the job done. We ought to give him the best team that he sees necessary to accomplish his goal.  However, I would say, having the right personnel is not enough because much of the trouble at the IRS stems from the IRS information system debacle. Currently, the IRS gets poor information from its computers and then makes it worse. In this age of information and technology, most persons are still filing paper tax returns. Then employees of the IRS input that data by hand at the IRS processing centers. This is where mistakes happen most often. Each mistake translates into an expense of time, money and, most importantly, hardships for the taxpayers. In our legislation, the Senate offers some strategic direction.  We will direct the IRS and the next Commissioner to reach a target electronic tax filing rate of 80 percent by the year 2007. That 10 years starts right now, and it ought to start right now; it ought to not start 6 months from now when the Senate gets around to acting on this legislation. The Commissioner nominee recently told the Finance Committee that, once he can begin his job, it will take him 10 years to design and implement a state of the art information system at the IRS. We need to get that 10-year clock ticking right now, not 6 months from now. And the 10-year clock will not tick until the taxpayers get this legislation, the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act.  For example, our IRS Restructuring and Reform Act would provide and set standards for security and access to taxpayers' electronic accounts. If we are going to have electronic filing, we will need electronic payment. Otherwise, we would still have people out there licking stamps and going to the post office on April 15. Our legislation accomplishes these things and many more.  In short, waiting until next year to pass IRS reform is bad for taxpayers, and it's going to be lengthening the period of time that Mr. Rossotti will be the most effective Commissioner we have had for a long time.  I yield the floor.  