 President, what we are proposing in the Wyden-Grassley amendment is not going to hurt anybody. Senator Wyden and I experimented with this so the other 98 Members of the Senate would not have to be hurt if it didn't work. Well over a year ago, we voluntarily, on our own, without any instigation from the rules or anything or anybody else, we publicly stated that we were going to follow the practice of our amendment, even though we didn't have to, and when we put a hold on a bill or a nomination, we would put it in the Congressional Record. We did that. I can speak for myself and say that there are no bruises, there is no harm, there is no retaliation. Nothing happened as a result of the whole world knowing why Senator Grassley or Senator Wyden were holding up a particular action.  I think that ought to tell everybody else that they can likewise do whatever they need to do in the Senate to adequately represent the interests of their constituents through the use of a hold and freely tell everybody, and the end result can still be accomplished without anybody being hurt as a result of it. I hope that we will now institutionalize what I have found to be a very effective way of doing the job of U.S. Senator and, yet, at the same time, being open and aboveboard about it.  This amendment requires simply disclosure by Senators of the holds that they place on legislation. As we all know, the current Senate practice allows Senators to block consideration of any measure without disclosing their actions just by notifying Senate leaders of their objection. Our amendment does not stop this practice. Rather, we seek to put an end to the secrecy surrounding the practice. If any Senator objects to legislation, that Senator should have the courage and conviction to express openly the reasons for opposition. It is critical to preserve the right of every Senator to represent the views of his constituents, but we cannot fully earn the trust of our constituents if we do not shed the brightest possible light on what we do here in the people's assembly.  It is important for the Senators to remember that their right to place holds on initiatives about which they have objection, then, is very much preserved in the tradition of the Senate, but everything is out in the open. The only thing untraditional about it is, if you want to hold up legislation, you should state your reason in the Record and let people know. All we are requiring is that Senators make their objections known in one of two ways--either stating their objections on the floor, or publishing their objections in the Congressional Record within 48 hours of placing such a hold.  It is a simple amendment that sends a very powerful message that the U.S. Senate is willing to operate in an open manner, according to the principles of representative democracy. I believe this amendment can only increase our constituents' belief that we are willing to be open and honest about the legislative process and what our legislative agenda is. It should help reduce some of the cynicism toward the processes of representative Government here at the Federal level.  I thank Senator Wyden for his work on this amendment and the majority leader for accommodating this issue. It will go to conference. I would expect comity between the House and Senate because this is just a Senate issue, and that there will not be any objection on the part of the House because of comity. In the case of the Senate, since this is being adopted by the Senate, I would expect that our Senate conferees would uphold the amendment and it would become a part of the traditional process.  I urge my colleagues to continue to work toward reform that makes Congress more open and straightforward in how we do the people's business. I thank you for your consideration.  