 President, I also want to congratulate this body for the passage of the adoption bill. It is a good step forward. I hope when we work out the differences between the House and Senate, they can be worked out amicably. I hope there is not a watering down of the Senate provisions.  I would also like to have legislation passed yet this year. If it can't be worked out that way, obviously it is going to have to be put off until next year until it can be conferenced, but I hope we can work out these differences yet this year.  A pioneer in the adoption field wrote ``when a child of the streets stands before you in rags, with tear-stained face, you cannot easily forget him, and yet you are perplexed what to do. The human soul is difficult to interfere with. You hesitate how far you should go.''  Congress has been considering adoption and foster care reform this year that has caused all of us involved to ask, how far should we go?'' But after extensive research into the failure of the foster care system, I ask how far can we go?  Confronting the issues for children in foster care is uncomfortable--almost painful. But the foster care system is in crisis and children are suffering. We are compelled to confront these problems.  Foster care is a complicated entitlement program. Meaningful reform can only happen when Congress recognizes the seriousness of the problem and begins taking the measured steps toward reform.  While the issues are complex, so are the solutions.  Today we are getting what we pay for, long-term foster care. Twenty-one States are under consent decrees because they failed to take proper care of their children who had been abused or neglected by their parents.  Set up to serve as a temporary, emergency situation for children, the foster care system is now a lifestyle for many kids.  The Federal Government continues to pour billions of dollars into a system that lacks genuine accountability.  Instead of encouraging States to increase adoptions, the current system rewards long-term foster care arrangements.  Jennifer Toth described in her book ``Orphans of the Living,'' children are ``consigned to the substitute child care system, a chaotic, prison-like system intended to raise children whose parents and relatives cannot or will not care for them.''  She also wrote, ``the children in substitute child care today have all suffered trauma. They are all at greater risk than the general child population. Yet they are given less care, when they need more care. Many thousands of children are lost and millions of dollars are wasted each year because no one--not the caseworker, not the foster home--takes full responsibility for them. Instead, each is passed from one caseload and placement to another, with too many kids and too little attention to go around. When these children look to adults for help, no one is there. Only when their situation becomes desperate, when they also fail, are they awarded the attention they crave.''  One organization said that ``foster care has been a black hole for many of America's neediest and most neglected children.''  ``I have a poster in my office that inspires me to work for real reform. The Iowa Citizen Foster Care Review Board asked children who were waiting to be adopted what they would like to tell us and this is what the children said: ``Don't leave us in foster care so long.'' ``It is scary to move from home to home, find us one good family where we can feel like a real member of the family.'' ``Check on us frequently while we're in foster care to ask us how we're doing and make sure we are safe.'' ``Tell us what's going on so we don't have to guess. Tell us how long it will be before we're adopted and why things seem to take so long.''  Dave Thomas of Wendy's challenged me and others to make sure kids have a happy childhood. For those who have had a happy childhood it is hard to understand why. For those who did not have a happy childhood--you know why, he said.  Children need to know that they have a permanency--which means successful, healthy reunification with their birth families or permanency in an adoptive home.  My wife, Barbara, and I, have been blessed as the parents of five children. Today, we get to watch our sons and daughters enjoy their own families and the happiness found through parenthood. These experiences have made me appreciate the importance of a family unit. A happy, permanent home life provides more than a safe haven for kids. It gives children confidence to grow into positive contributors in our society.  In the United States, at least a half million children are not living in permanent homes. While waiting for adoption or a safe return to their natural families, many kids may live out their childhoods in the foster care system. Sadly, it often turns into a lonely, even futile transition. If the ``window of opportunity'' is missed, a child can leave the system a legal orphan, as an adult.  These children leave foster care and enter onto the welfare rolls or into prison. Only 17 percent of those who emancipate from the system become completely self-supporting. Barely half finish high school, a little less than half are gainfully employed as adults. And, almost 60 percent of the girls give birth within a few years of leaving the system.  Since 1982, about 20,000 children a year are adopted from foster care. Obviously, that leaves tens of thousands of kids in limbo every year.  Reform is needed to help place more children in a safe, permanent home. Improvements should limit the time a child legally can spend in foster care;remove financial incentives to keep kids in foster care; and, provide incentives for successful family reunifications or adoptions, not attempts.  More needs to be done to dispel the myth that some kids are unadoptable. I say that no child is unadoptable, we just havent't found a home for them yet. And, most children want the permanency provided through adoption.  I support the promotion of adoption, safety, and support for the Abused and Neglected Children Act, or Pass Act, because it takes the initial, necessary steps toward real reform.  For the first time, in 17 years, this body has strived to address the pain and suffering of these children. A cornerstone is laid upon which future reforms can be built.  The Pass Act will ensure health care coverage for adopted special needs children; break down geographic restrictions facing adoptive families; and, encourage creative adoptive efforts and outreach.  Thanks to Senator DeWine's vision and efforts we have strengthened the reasonable efforts statute. Senator DeWine raised our awareness on this issue and has been a champion for these children.  One of the problems we as legislators have experienced has been the inadequate statistics to understand the performance of the States. The data is sparse and many States can't tell us how many children they actually have in their care or how long they have been there. The Pass Act will require States to report critical statistics. No longer will children languish without being identified, their lives will be personalized to those responsible for them. We will know who they are, where they are, and how long they have been in the system. And, the status quo will not be able to hide behind the lack of information excuse.  Currently, the Federal Government does not require that States actively seek adoptive homes for all free-to-be-adopted children, who often are assigned to long-term foster care. This bill, however, will compel States to make reasonable efforts to place a child in an adoptive home. Long-term foster care should never be a solution for a child.  The Federal Government plays a significant role in child welfare, by providing funds to States and attaching conditions to these funds. The single largest category of Federal expenditure under the child welfare programs is for maintaining low-income children in foster care.  To receive Federal funds, States must comply with requirements designed so that children can remain safely with their families or return home after they have been placed in foster care. States will be penalized for not complying with the Pass Act.  In most States, children are being denied permanency because of the artificial barrier of geography. The Senate bill contains a provision that will break down the geographic barriers to adoption.  An adoption organization in a northeastern State shared with me a real life example of why this provision is necessary.  Allison, Beth, Jimmy, and Jarod are siblings, ages 6, 8, 10, and 11. They were freed for adoption in October 1996.  Because the siblings had regular visits and a close relationship with each other, their caseworker hoped to find a family that could adopt all four children. Our agency was able to send the caseworker the home studies of four out-of-State families who were interested in, and had space to adopt, all four children. However, the State child welfare agency pressured the worker to select in-State families for the children.  Over a period of 6 months, there were no appropriate in-State families who could adopt all four children, so it was decided to split the sibling group. Jimmy and Jarod were placed with one family, and a different family has been identified for Allison and Beth.  It is the intent of this legislation to remove the geographic barriers that keep children from appropriate adoptive families.  I recognize the Members for their efforts on this issue and congratulate the authors of this monumental piece of legislation.  They understood the complexity of this issue and pushed for reform. It was a very unique coalition, and I was glad to be part of it.  Under Senator Craig's leadership, a successful consensus was formed and bipartisan, incremental steps were taken.  Senator Roth was also instrumental in forging an agreement with Members so that this bill could pass with an overwhelming majority. His guidance and insight were critical to the bill's success.  Today we begin to change the culture surrounding adoption. Children deserve permanent homes. All children are valuable and adoptable.  I have been impressed by the compassion of those who adopt these special children. They are gifted and should inspire us all.  We know that more families are willing to adopt children, including those with the most challenging of circumstances.  We have always had a class of children considered unadoptable.  Several decades ago many said that minority children were unadoptable. We know now that is not true.  Many once thought that children with AIDS were unadoptable. We know now that is not true.  Adoption organizations are finding homes for children and have waiting lists of parents all over the country anxious to adopt children despite their special circumstances. One adoption agency has a waiting list of a hundred families, willing to adopt a child with Down's syndrome.  A family in Texas adopted 8 drug-exposed siblings ranging in age from 2 to 10.  Susan Badeau, a witness before the Senate Finance Committee, shared her story about adopting 19 children out of the foster care system--virtually rescuing them from a lifetime in foster care.  The Pass Act will encourage permanency for the children who cannot return to their original homes.  To ensure that these new adoptive families are healthy and stay together they will need postadoption services and respite care.  Postadoptive services are crucial for the success of these families because many of these children will have long-term service needs.  In States where postadoption services are offered, the number of adoptive families that disrupt is significantly lower.  According to the Congressional Research Service the following Federal programs could be used to provide postadoption services to adoptive families. Although none of these programs is exclusively intended to provide such services, they are among a number of allowable activities. They include the following: The Adoption Opportunities Program; the Family Preservation Program; Child Welfare Services; Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act; Community-Based Family Resource and Support; Child Care and Development Block Grant; and the Social Services Block Grant.  I was pleased with the provision in the Pass Act which emphasizes adoption promotion and support services in the Family Preservation and Support Service Act.  I ask unanimous consent to print in the Record an explanation of the services provided under these programs.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       1. The Adoption Opportunities Program authorizes      appropriations for the Department of Health and Human      Services to conduct a number of adoption-related activities,      including provision of post-legal adoption services for      families that have adopted special needs children. These      services may be provided either directly or by grant or      contract with States, local governments, public or private      nonprofit licensed child welfare or adoption agencies, or      adoptive family groups. Services must supplement, and not      supplant, activities funded through other sources with the      same general purpose, including individual, group or family      counseling, case management, training, assistance to adoptive      parent organizations, and assistance to support groups for      adoptive parents, adopted children or siblings of adopted      children.       2. Family Preservation Program. The Social Security Act      authorizes entitlement grants to States, which are used for      two types of services: family preservation, and community-     based family support. ``Family preservation'' services are      intended for children and families (including adoptive      families) that are at risk or in crisis, and may include      respite care of children to provide temporary relief for      parents or other care givers,     and services designed to improve parenting skills in such      areas as child development, family budgeting, coping with      stress, health and nutrition.       3. Child Welfare Services. Under subpart 1 of title IV-B,      the Social Security Act also authorizes appropriations for      grants to states for child welfare services, which are      defined broadly to include public social services directed      toward protection and promotion of the welfare of children.      These funds are typically used to support State children      protective service and child welfare systems. However, while      post-adoption services are not specifically identified in the      statute, they could be allowable activities at State option.       4. Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act. Title I of the      Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (CAPTA) authorizes      funds for HHS to conduct a variety of discretionary      activities, including grants to mutual support and self-help      groups for strengthening families, respite and crisis nursery      programs provided by community-based organizations, and      hospital-based information and referral services for parents      of children with disabilities and children who have been      victims of abuse or neglect.       5. Community-Based Family Resource and Support. Title II of      CAPTA authorizes HHS to make grants to Stats to develop,      operate, and expand statewide networks of community-based      family resource and support programs. These programs provide      various forms of support for families, including respite care      for adoptive families.       6. Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG). This      program authorizes both discretionary and mandatory funding      for States to help subsidize the cost of child care for low-     income families, including both working families and families      receiving welfare. Adoptive families in need of child care      could potentially receive assistance under this program,      assuming they met income and other eligibility criteria.       7. Social Services Block Grant (SSBG). Title XX of the      Social Security Act authorizes entitlement grants to States      that may be used for a wide variety of social services at the      states' discretion. Although services for adoptive families      are not specified in the law, States could opt to use SSBG      funds for this purpose.  