S. Senate, I periodically report to the Senate on trends in the use of drugs and the dangers thereof that go on in our society.  This month of October in my State of Iowa is called Drug-Free Month. I want to bring my colleagues' attention to this fact and the reason for it. Iowa has only 2.8 million people. As you know, it is largely a rural State. Des Moines, our largest city, numbers fewer citizens than one of the suburbs of some of our Nation's big cities. There are more people in the Los Angeles area or Chicago than in all of my State of Iowa. We are a closely knit community, proud of our commitment to families and the virtues of self-reliance, hard work and personal responsibilities.  These facts, however, do not mean that Iowa is isolated from the mainstream or provincial in its thinking. This also does not mean that Iowa is free of the problems that beset States with larger cities and more people. We, in Iowa, unfortunately, see our share of gang violence and teen drug use. Indeed, Iowa shares in the growing drug problems among the young, the same that troubles the rest of the Nation. The fact that this problem reaches beyond our larger States and beyond our big cities into our rural heartland should tell us something about the far-reaching nature of our national--and I emphasize national--drug problem.  According to recent numbers from my State of Iowa, as many as 11 percent of our high school seniors are regular users of marijuana. This number is up dramatically from just a few years ago. This number is growing as more kids at even younger ages no longer see using heroin as risky or dangerous. In the last few years, the number of regular users has grown steadily, whether it is in Iowa or across the country. In addition, we know from experience and research that as marijuana use goes up, so does drug use of other varieties.  We now have a major problem in my State of Iowa in methamphetamine. This problem has exploded in just the last few years, paralleling the trend in the West and the rest of the Midwest. Reports of treatment episodes for meth problems in my State of Iowa soared over 300 percent between 1994 and 1995. The trend continues. Just as troubling is the effort by the criminal gangs to site the labs that produce and sell this poison to our kids in Iowa. This is something that we are seeing through the West and Midwest, and the problem is moving eastward.  The lab problem is a double whammy. The labs produce a dangerous drug that poisons the hearts and souls of our kids and then they create a very dangerous environmental hazard requiring cleanup wherever the labs are found. Cleanup is risky, dangerous, costly. Many of our local fire and police departments lack the resources or the training to deal with the problem of cleaning up meth labs.  This problem and the trends that I have noted are not unique to Iowa. They are indicative of what is happening across the country. They are happening because we have lost our fear of drugs. We have let our guard down. Into that environment drug pushers and drug legalizers have stepped in to do their own song and dance. They are making gains; we are losing ground. And it is the kids who are paying the price.  Two very important concerns are being missed. The first is the serious nature of the growing drug use among kids. The second is the growing tendency to regard this trend with complacency, or worse, to go along with the drift into a de facto legalization of dangerous drugs. The last time we as a country did this we landed ourselves into the midst of a major drug epidemic. We were just beginning to dig ourselves out from the 1970's and 1980's. Now it seems the earlier lessons are forgotten.  There is no way to put a happy face on what is happening. It is not hard to describe. It is not difficult to understand. It is not beyond our power to do something about it. Yet what is happening is happening right under our very noses, and to date what we are doing about it is not working. This is what is happening:  Between 1992 and 1995, marijuana use among kids aged 12 to 17 has more than doubled--from 1.4 million to 3.1 million. More than 50 percent of the high school seniors have used drugs before graduation; 22 percent of the class of 1996 were current users of marijuana. LSD use by teens has reached record levels. Evidence indicates that the current hard-core addict population is not declining.  Hospital emergency room admissions for cocaine-related episodes in 1995, the last year for which there is complete information, were 19 percent above the 1992 levels. Heroin admissions increased almost 60 percent. Drugs of every sort remain available and of high quality at cheap prices while the social disapproval has declined, especially among policy leaders and opinion makers.  Hollywood and the entertainment industry are back in the business of glorifying drug use in movies and on TV. There is a well-funded legalization effort that seeks to exploit public concerns about health care issues to push drug legalization, most often under the guise of medical marijuana.  Opinion polls among kids indicate that drugs and drug-related violence are their main concerns. They also make it clear that drugs are readily available in schools, and the kids as young as 9 and 10 years are being approached by drug pushers in school or on the way to school.  This is only part of what is happening. Taken together, what these things indicate is that we are experiencing a rapid increase in teenage drug use and abuse. This comes after years of progress and decline in use. These changes are undoing all of the progressthat we had made during the 1980's. If the trend continues, our next drug epidemic will be worse than the last one. We will not only have the walking wounded from our last epidemic--there are over 3 million hard-core addicts--we will also have a new generation of substance-dependent kids moving into adulthood. As we learned, or as we should have learned during the last time that we went through this, this dependence is not a short-term problem. For many addicts, it is a lifetime sentence.  For the communities, families, and the Nation that must deal with these people and with the problems associated with it, it is also often an open-ended commitment.  Along with this comes all the associated violence that has made many of our inner cities and suburban neighborhoods dangerous places. Not to mention the medical and related costs in the tens of billions of dollars annually. And all of this for something that advocates reassure us is purely a personal choice without serious consequences. This is one of those remarks that should not survive the laugh test.  The fact that it does, however, and people can somehow make light that personal choice of drug use is not something to worry about and doesn't have serious consequences is an indicator of our problem in coming to terms with the drug use.  In the last 5 years, the record on drugs has gotten worse. Pure and simple. It's not because we are spending any less on the effort. Indeed, the drug budget has grown every year. One of the first acts of the Republican Congress was to increase the money devoted to combat drugs. Yet, the numbers on drug use grow worse.  One of the leading causes of that is a lack of leadership at the top. The President and First Lady in previous administrations were visible on the drug issue. That is not now the case. The present occupant of the White House has put a great deal of emphasis on tobacco but he has been the Man Who Never Was on illegal drugs. More than this, the message about both the harmfulness and, just as important the wrongfulness of illegal drug use has been allowed to disappear. I leave to others to determine if the President's absence is because his advisors believe he has no credibility on the issue or simply do not care. Whatever the explanation, the result is an ambiguous message or no message.  If we could have the same message coming out of the White House on illegal drugs as we do on tobacco, I think we would be much further along on the road to victory on the war against drugs.  We need to be consistent in our no-use message on illegal drugs. To be ambiguous or complacent or indifferent sends the wrong message. The recipients of that muddled message are kids. The consequences of garbled messages can be seen in changes in attitudes about drugs, and in drug use numbers among kids at earlier and earlier ages. We cannot afford this type of unmindfulness.  That is why we are having Drug-Free Iowa Month. We need to come together as a community to recognize the threat and deal with it. We need community leaders involved. We need our schools, politicians, business, entertainment, sports, and religious figures to be aware of the problem and engaged to deal with it. We can make a difference, but that begins with awareness. It requires an effort. It requires sustaining that effort.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  