 Con. Res. 10       Whereas Mexico is one of the major source countries for      narcotic and psychotropic drugs and other controlled      substances entering the United States;       Whereas Mexico is a major transit country for cocaine;       Whereas 70 percent to 80 percent of all foreign-grown      marijuana in the United States originates in Mexico;       Whereas criminal organizations in Mexico are involved in      smuggling across the United States border;       Whereas criminal organizations in Mexico are engaged in the      routine corruption of Mexican officials;       Whereas Mexico has not taken adequate steps to prevent or      punish bribery and other forms of corruption;       Whereas Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo has stated his      commitment to ``create a nation of law,'' combat drug      trafficking, investigate assassinations, and punish official      corruption at all levels;       Whereas Mexico has not taken adequate steps to arrest or      extradite major drug cartel leaders;       Whereas the continued, large-scale transportation of      narcotic and psychotropic drugs and other controlled      substances from Mexico to the United States is detrimental to      the vital national interests of the United States;       Whereas the Government of Mexico has not taken sufficient      steps to control its borders against airborne and seaborne      smuggling or to implement a promise by President Ernesto      Zedillo to develop a radar network along Mexico's border and      to take adequate steps to arrest or extradite major drug      cartel leaders; and       Whereas the President determined and reported to Congress      pursuant to section 490(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of      1961 (22 U.S.C. 2291j(b)) that Mexico had taken sufficient      steps to combat international narcotics trafficking: Now,      therefore, be it       Resolved by the Senate (the House of Representatives      concurring), That it is the sense of the Congress that the      President should not certify Mexico pursuant to section      490(b)(1) of the Foreign Assistance Act (22 U.S.C.      2291j(b)(1)) on March 1, 1998, unless the Government of      Mexico demonstrates clear progress in the following matters:       (1) Taking steps to develop and deploy a southern tier of      radars to monitor aircraft flying into Mexico and to deploy      interception capability to close the air bridge into Mexico.       (2) Arresting or extraditing major drug trafficking      kingpins and taking adequate steps to disrupt the operations      of major criminal organizations operating in and through      Mexico.       (3) Taking adequate steps to stop the corruption of Mexican      officials at all levels of government and investigating      accusations against State governors and public officials.       (4) Taking swift action to implement recent money-     laundering and anti-crime legislation.       (5) Permitting United States law enforcement officials on      the United States-Mexico border to cross the border with      their weapons and reaching agreement to allow United States      law enforcement personnel to continue into Mexico while in      ``hot pursuit'' of suspects.       (7) Reaching an agreement to allow refueling for maritime      and air interdiction assets.       (8) Reaching an agreement to permit adequate cooperation      with United States law enforcement personnel for intercepting      maritime smugglers.       (9) Developing and implementing measures to control and      monitor maritime smuggling through major ports and container      facilities.       (10) Deploying and using vetted units of specially selected      and trained law enforcement personnel to disrupt drug      trafficking organizations.       Sec. 2. The Secretary of the Senate shall transmit a copy      of this concurrent resolution to the President.  