 President, I rise in support of this legislation. There is--and the public knows this better than we do--a lot of legislation we debate on the floor of this body that might make sense in Washington, but does not make sense outside of Washington. We spend a lot of time debating legislation that does not make a difference in people's lives. This bill, S. 543, not only expresses American common sense--at least from my part of the country, Midwestern common sense--but it also says no to Washington nonsense.  This bill gives me an opportunity, at the same time, to compliment the Senator from Georgia for the outstanding work that he is doing in this area.  Debate of legislation that solidly promotes voluntarism is an example of Congress spending some of its time to get something done where there is a real reward. It is an example of the taxpayers' money well spent, to pay us to write legislation that will encourage Americans to do what we have a tradition of doing in this country--volunteering.  I am sure Alexis de Tocqueville has been quoted on the floor of the Senate often during the debate of this bill. One observation that the French nobleman made when he came to this country in the 1830's to study our new system of government, was the American tradition of voluntarism that he saw in our churches and in our volunteer societies--or as he termed them ``societies of cooperation.'' He believed that one of the wonderful and unique aspects of our society was that neighbor helps neighbor. Yet, now our society has impediments to this tradition of voluntarism, to this neighbor helping neighbor.  Our good friend from Georgia has a solution that restores the voluntarism that de Tocqueville observed. This very important legislation will remove one impediment to voluntarism in America. This bill will lessen the threat of a lawsuit for volunteers and their organizations. So here we are today discussing some legislation that is common sense. We are wisely spending our time and energy debating legislation that would provide to the taxpayer, in volunteer hours, more return on the taxpayers' dollars than anything we do.  I come here to support the Volunteer Protection Act of 1997 and to compliment Senator Coverdell. This legislation has two important benefits. First, it promotes voluntarism. It promotes voluntarism at the time of the big volunteer crusade in Philadelphia. Praise the Lord for the people that were involved in that because that was a very worthwhile project and it was bipartisan. The Congress can do something through this legislation that will help that effort as well. So this legislation promotes voluntarism, and it also enacts much needed tort reform.  Volunteers are vital to the health and welfare of our communities, States, and our Nation. We all rely on the kindness of friends and strangers. Volunteers are often these people, whether we see them or not, who bring meals to the homebound; who clean up trash along our highways; who respond to natural disasters. I will point out just a few recent examples.  The United Way of Central Iowa rallied 2,500 volunteers--nearly twice as many as in 1995--to complete 97 projects. Among these volunteers was a troop of Brownies who baked brownies for the children and families at the local Ronald McDonald House.  At the American Red Cross homeless shelter in Rockford, VT, 47 volunteers, including 15 shelter residents, painted and cleaned the shelter, dug a new pathway in its yard, and picked up litter in the neighborhood.  The George Washington High School swim team in Danville, VA, gave an hour of free swimming lessons to 60 nonswimmers in grades 2 through 4.  In Detroit, MI, kids from University CAMP and Detroit Country Day School painted, cleaned, and removed graffiti and boarded up vacant homes.  The Men's Club of Oakland Methodist Church in Maryville, TN, installed carpeting and built a wheelchair ramp for a needy family whose 8-year-old daughter is in a wheelchair.  These are only a few of the volunteers whose efforts have come to my attention. This is just a sampling of what volunteers give to our communities. We have an obligation to these volunteers and to their organizations beyond the casual ``thank you.'' If they are going to make these efforts, we must do everything in our power to enable and encourage them. We owe it to them to make their burden lighter and their jobs easier. We owe it to the organizations to make it as easy as possible for them to recruit volunteers. We must lower the risk incurred by volunteers and their organizations.  This bill lowers the risk. It limits potential liability for volunteers and their organizations. It is only fitting that we pass this legislation for all of the volunteers and their organizations who put forth the sweat and the labor to accomplish so many good deeds. It is simply fair and equitable. That is what this legislation is all about.  I am a senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee and chairman of the subcommittee with jurisdiction over this issue. I can tell you from my experience in this position that this is badly needed reform. The purpose of our civil court system is to establish liability and to compensate the injured. It does not always accomplish this now. I believe that our court system needs reform, including punitive damage reform. Punitive damages are an unpredictable risk for companies and volunteer organizations. They are sometimes a windfall to those less injured, while the truly injured do not receive the same financial amount. Our court system should not be a lottery but, instead, should award all who are similarly injured with similar compensation. Likewise, those punished should be punished equally for similar transgressions.  This bill does not accomplish all of the needed reforms for the system. However, it is a solid first step. It will give the volunteer community some certainty of the risks that it faces. It does not relieve anyone of liability for conduct that is criminal, grossly negligent or reckless. It continues to hold those who intentionally commit wrongdoing liable for such acts. It is a good, fair bill that will boost the volunteer community and volunteers.  So I strongly urge all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to think of the volunteers that they know, the people represented by the President and ex-Presidents and by Colin Powell in Philadelphia, the people they have met along the way, as well, and perhaps even volunteers who personally helped them. That is what this bill is all about. It is about volunteers and not about trial lawyers.  As everyone on this floor knows, the highly paid trial lawyers have set out to stop this bill. Of course, too many in this body, particularly a large majority on the other side of the aisle, are doing the trial lawyers' bidding, as you can see from the opposition to this bill. The trial lawyers want to stop this bill because it will cost them money. It will reduce their legal fees in most cases when they are suing a volunteer or volunteer organization. But this bill is not and should not be about trial lawyers and not about trial lawyers' compensation. This is a bill about what America is about, about volunteering and about volunteers. It is about the people who do things that they do not even want to be thanked for; it is about selfless people who give of their time and give it freely to those in need.  It is to these people that we owe something. That is what the Philadelphia conference was all about. We owe it to the volunteers to make their jobs easier. That is what this bill does. I ask my colleagues to put volunteers ahead of trial lawyers and to support this bill.  I yield the floor.  