 President, I rise today in support of S. 717. I support this bill because it has become clear to me that the status quo in special education is not acceptable.  Even though Iowans have done a good job under existing law, it is time to make changes. These changes are necessary in order to keep pace with the challenges facing educators today. Students with a variety of special needs are now in the schools. They have needs we couldn't even imagine when the first special education law was passed.  At this time I will address only two aspects of S. 717 that are sufficient reasons for supporting it. First of all, this bill would give schools and parents additional tools to improve education for all children.  In response to school complaints, clearer guidance is given for actions to assure the safety of all students in the classroom. I believe all of us here today recognize the need to do this.  For parents, the right to participate in decisions about their child's education is given more support. This is done through attendance at evaluation and assessment meetings and at any meeting at which the placement of their child might be decided.  And for students, in this bill we send a clear message that we have high expectations for all students--including students in special education. More accountability for progress on IEP's would be required. Participation in statewide and districtwide measures of school performance would be required. Stronger linkages to the regular education curriculum would be required for these students. We expect success from special education programs under this bill, and we expect that success to be measurable.  The second aspect of S. 717 I want to address is this. This bill clarifies that schools are not the only agencies that should pay for the services special education students need. This proposal does not retreat from the principle that all children have the right to an education, no matter what their needs are. What this bill does is require that Governors work to assure that all sources of funding for services are used to support these students.  This will be of particular importance to schools and families in Iowa.  Last week, I had a visit from a school superintendent in Iowa. His district has about 15,000 students; 2,000 of those students are in special education. Of those students there are about six or seven kids a year who require substantial medical support in order to attend school.  The school district hires nurses and other professionals in order to assure that these students can get an education. But this superintendent has been unable to get other agencies and programs to contribute to the costs of providing health services to these students. And this school year approximately $2 million will be spent by this school system on health services for these few students, some of whom are eligible for Medicaid.  Clearly these costs are beyond what we should be asking schools to pay. And that is one reason why S. 717 is important. It provides clear direction that these costs are not the primary responsibility of educators. They are instead the responsibility of other programs that have been created to support students and families. I am happy to provide such support to that school superintendent in his efforts to secure all the services his students need.  That superintendent represents a strong tradition in Iowa.  Education for students with disabilities in Iowa was mandated 6 years before the predecessor to IDEA was passed by Congress in the 1970's. At that time, when I chaired the Education Committee in the Iowa House, a State mandate for special education was passed. Following that, we developed a system of area education agencies that still serves Iowans today. It took us 2 years to get the area agency legislation passed; we were successful in 1974. That system is still the basis for delivering special education services to students all over Iowa, particularly in rural areas.  Regarding this bill, S. 717, my colleagues have enumerated positive aspects of this compromise proposal other than those I have mentioned. I have followed the progress of the work group closely and now provide my support for this landmark legislation.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, since 1966, the Federal Government has supported special education services for America's disabled children. Today, school districts depend on the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act [IDEA] for assistance in assuring that children with special needs receive a comprehensive education in a supportive environment. In Kentucky alone, over 85,000 children benefitted from IDEA during the 1996-97 school year.  Today, the U.S. Senate takes a historic step forward in its consideration of S. 717, a bicameral, bipartisan bill to reauthorize IDEA. Over the last two decades, changes in educational resources and the needs of students have impaired the ability of schools to meet IDEA's goal of a free, appropriate education for disabled students. This measure seeks to ensure that the Federal statute effectively addresses the special education issues of today's classrooms and is prepared for the future needs of educators, parents, and students involved in special education.  This bipartisan, bicameral legislation achieves these objectives by building upon three primary goals: To focus on the successful education of children with disabilities, instead of rote completion of paperwork; to assure increased parental participation; and to give teachers the tools they need in order to teach all children.  S. 717 helps schools improve the delivery of special education services by eliminating unnecessary paperwork, streamlining data collection, and enhancing program flexibility and service integration. Schools also assume greater accountability for the educational progress of special education students through their inclusion in States and district-wide assessments.  S. 717 reduces the financial strain on school districts and parents by including mediation as an option for resolving disputes. The revised funding formula delivers more IDEA dollars directly to local education agencies, and the bill also requires interagency agreements so other responsible agencies pay their fair share of the service delivery costs for disabled students. As a cosponsor of S. 1, I look forward to working with my colleagues in fulfilling its promise of an additional $10 billion for IDEA over the next 7 years.  Further, S. 717 expands the ability of parents to participate in the planning of special education services for their child. The bill seeks to provide parents with the information they need to effectively work with their local school system by improving the preparation and dissemination of school notices and requiring student progress reports.  Teacher preparation for the successful delivery of special education services is also a priority in this legislation. Educators also receive greater freedom to coordinate instruction between special and regular education students. Finally, S. 717 offers a sound compromise solution for managing the disciplinary concerns of educators, parents, and students with disabilities.  I am also pleased that the bicameral, bipartisan working group responded to my request and the request of other committee members that this reauthorization include reforms specifically focused on the braille literacy needs of blind and visually impaired children. Since 1968, the percentage of blind students who lack reading or writing skills grew from 9 to 40 percent. This measure takes a two-pronged approach to this serious educational need by focusing on the importance of including appropriate braille instruction in a qualified student's individual education plan and emphasizing the need to enhance teacher preparation in the use and instruction of braille. I want to thank the Members of the working group for their leadership in addressing this key educational issue for our Nation's blind and visually impaired children.  IDEA's guarantee of a free, appropriate public education for children with disabilities remains one of our Nation's greatest accomplishments in civil rights. After 2\1/2\ years of work,this final legislative proposal demonstrates the firm commitment of America's educators, parents, disability advocates, and this Congress to provide every child with an opportunity for educational success. Mr. President, I am proud to join as an original cosponsor of S. 717, and I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of this worthwhile education measure.  