 President, since the Senator from Indiana is in the chair, I want to compliment Senator Coats for his involvement in this legislation. He had a very important role in this adoption and foster care legislation. I know the bill contains key parts in which he was interested. Senator Coats was very much a part of this being a successful product.  Confronting the issues for children in foster care, is uncomfortable, almost painful. But the foster care system is in crisis and children are suffering. We are compelled to confront these problems.  Foster care is a complicated entitlement program. While the issues are complex, so are the solutions. Today we are getting what we are paying for. It is not such a good situation, because what we are getting is long-term foster care--not permanency for these kids.  Foster care was set up to be a temporary emergency situation for kids. The foster care system now is a lifestyle for so many of them. The Federal Government continues to pour billions of dollars into a system that lacks genuine accountability. Instead of encouraging States to increase adoptions, the current system rewards long-term foster care arrangements.  Jennifer Toth described in her book ``Orphans of the Living,'' that children are ``consigned to the substitute child care system, a chaotic prison-like system intended to raise children whose parents and relatives cannot or will not care for them.'' She also wrote, ``The children in substitute child care today have all suffered trauma. They are all at greater risk than the general child population. Yet they are given less care, when they need more care.''  In Iowa, we have an organization called the Iowa Citizens Foster Care Review Board. They had a project of asking children in foster care and kids who were waiting to be adopted what they would like to tell us and the rest of the world. I could give lots of quotes, but these are examples from two of the children. ``Don't leave us in foster care so long.'' ``Check on us frequently while we're in foster care to ask us how we're doing and make sure we are safe.'' ``Tell us what's going on so we don't have to guess. Tell us how long it will be before we're adopted and why things seem to take so long.''  Children need to know that they have permanency, which means successful, healthy reunification with their birth families or permanency in an adoptive home.  A happy, permanent home life provides more than just a safe haven for kids; it gives kids confidence to grow into positive contributors to our society.  In the United States, at least a half million children are not living in permanent homes. While waiting for adoption or a safe return to their natural families, too many kids live out their entire childhoods in the foster care system.  Sadly, it often turns into an lonely, even futile transition. There is a short window of opportunity to do something about this with each and every kid, and each and every kid is a little different in this regard. If this window of opportunity is missed, a child can leave the foster care system a legal orphan--as an adult--having gone through their entire childhood never having permanency--never having a place that they can call home.  More needs to be done to dispel the myth that some kids are unadoptable. I have had people right here in Washington, DC, tell me that some kids are not adoptable. No kid is unadoptable. The only problem is that we just haven't found a home for them yet.  I support the Adoption and Safe Families Act because it takes the initial, necessary steps toward real reform. For the first time in 17 years, this body has strived to address the pain and suffering of these children. A cornerstone has been laid upon which future adjustments can be made and reforms can be built.  The bill will ensure health care coverage for adopted special needs children, break down geographic restrictions facing adoptive families, and encourage creative adoptive efforts and outreach.  One of the problems we as legislators have experienced has been that inadequate statistics are not kept; we don't have good enough statistics to understand how States are performing with their child care system. The data is too sparse and States can't tell us how many children they actually have in their care, or how long they have been there. When the situation is that way, Mr. President, some children can be lost in the system. So our bill is requiring States to report critical statistics. Children will be identified and their lives will be personalized to those responsible for them. The status quo will not be able to hide behind the lack of information excuse. We have run into that when dealing with this legislation.  Currently, the Federal Government does not require that States actively seek adoptive homes for all ``free-to-be-adopted'' children, who often are assigned to long-term foster care. This bill, however, compels States to make reasonable efforts to place a child in a permanent adoptive home. Long-term foster care should never be a solution for any kid.  In most States, children are being denied permanency because of the artificial barrier of geography. This bill will break down the geographic barriers to adoption--prohibiting discrimination against out-of-State adoptive families--allowing more children to find permanent families.  There is a mismatch between the location of children free to be adopted and families willing to adopt. Above all, these children need loving homes, and no State line should get in the way of their well-being.  The bill establishes for foster and pre-adoptive parents the right to be given notice of hearings and the right to testify on behalf of the children in their care. How could anyone ever want to leave these people out of the process?  These parents have been in charge of the children 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. They are the ones in the best position to know the problems that these children might have and can represent the children's concerns. It is an important change to make as we seek to better represent the children's best interests.  The Federal Government plays a significant role in child welfare by providing funds to States and attaching conditions to those funds. The single largest category of Federal expenditure under the child welfare programs is for maintaining low-income foster care children. To receive Federal funds, States must comply with the requirements of this bill, and States will be penalized for noncompliance. We are sick and tired of kids being kept in the foster care system because there is money that comes from the Federal Government for those kids. There is anincentive--a monetary incentive--not to move these children toward permanency.  I am pleased with the provisions in this bill which emphasizes adoption promotion and support services in the Family Preservation and Support Services Act.  To help ensure that new adoptive families are healthy and stay together, the bill provides post-adoptive services and respite care. It is a proven approach.  In States where post-adoption services are offered, the number of adoptive families that have trouble staying together is significantly lower.  I congratulate the Members for their efforts on this issue and commend the authors of this monumental piece of legislation. One person that hasn't gotten much attention--and he played a very important role in this process--is Senator Roth, the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee. He was instrumental in forging an agreement with members so that this bill could pass, as it will tonight. His guidance and insight were critical to the bill's success.  Today, we begin to dramatically change the culture surrounding adoption. We begin the education process. We begin by dismissing the dehumanizing myth surrounding special-needs children. These children deserve permanent homes, too. These children are precious, and all children in need of permanent homes are adoptable.  I have been impressed by the compassion of those who adopt these special children. They are gifted and they ought to inspire all of us to be more concerned about kids in need. We know that more families are willing to adopt children, including those with the most challenging of circumstances.  Let's build upon the cornerstone of this monumental bill. Even though we will have passed this legislation, some children will still remain hostages in an inefficient system. More reform is needed to help place more children in a safe, permanent home.  I am looking toward future years to do more in the following areas. People should know that Chuck Grassley, the Senator from Iowa, is not done with changes in foster care and adoption at the Federal level.  First, we need to dramatically limit the time a child can legally spend in foster care. The national average length of stay in foster care is 3 years. That is three birthdays, three Christmases, and that is going through the first, second, and third grades, without having a mom and dad.  Second, we need to remove financial incentives to keep children in foster care, and provide incentives for success, not just for attempts to adopt. Currently, the system pays the same rate per child per month without limitation. The Federal Government must pay for performance.  These children are the most vulnerable of all; their lives begin with abuse and neglect by their own parents and, for many, they experience systemic abuse by languishing in long-term foster care.  The Congressional Research Service stated, ``Children are vulnerable, and their well-being is affected by conditions beyond their control.'' But their well-being is not beyond our control. These children depend on sound Federal policy that promotes permanency. Together with those on the front lines, we can make this policy work.  Congress has said that long-term foster care should never be a solution for a child who needs a home. It takes the critical first steps toward complete reform of a broken-down system, and it lays the cornerstone for continued improvement on behalf of tens of thousand of children left in limbo each year in the foster care system.  Foster care is a poor parent. A loving, committed family is the best gift that we can give to any child.  I yield the floor.  