 President, I rise today to introduce important tax legislation for myself, Senator Jeffords, Senator Murkowski, Senator Conrad, Senator Kerrey, Senator Harkin, Senator Feinstein, Senator Boxer, and Senator Johnson.  Our legislation extends the production tax credit for energy produced from wind. This legislation is similar to that which passed the Senate as part of the Senate's tax bill attached to the balanced budget reconciliation bill this summer. Unfortunately, it was dropped in conference between the House and the Senate, and did not become part of the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997.  Since the Senate has acted favorably on this wind energy production tax credit legislation in the past, I would like to ask Senators to consider it again next year. I am introducing it this year because I want to make sure that it gets an opportunity for cosponsorship.  As we all know, our Nation's energy supply is both limited and controversial. However, energy produced fromwind is clean, renewable and homegrown. There is nothing limited or controversial about this source of energy, the wind. Americans need only to make the necessary investments in order to capture it for power.  Our legislation extends the production tax credit and the focus on energy produced from wind through the month of June, 2004. Scientists blame excessive carbon dioxide for global warming. The chief sources of environmentally dangerous carbon dioxide are emissions from the burning of fossil fuels. Obviously, we need other safer sources. Wind energy is clean, abundant, and a U.S. resource that produces electricity with virtually no carbon dioxide emissions.  Every 10,000 megawatts of wind energy can reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 33 million metric tons. Today, our Nation produces only 1,700 megawatts of wind energy. However, the American Wind Energy Association estimates that U.S. wind capacity can reach 30,000 megawatts by the year 2010. This is enough electricity to meet the needs of 10 million homes, while reducing pollution in every State in the Nation.  Americans naturally find abundant wind in every State in the Union. Wind is a homegrown energy. No foreign powers can control our source of wind energy. No American soldiers or sailors will ever need to fight in foreign wars to protect our supply of wind energy, as they must in the case of oil. For example, consider the Persian Gulf war. No supertankers will ever crack up in the sea and pollute our beaches because of energy produced from wind.  In short, wind energy is a good investment in the present and the future. Our legislation extends the successful wind energy production tax credit. It is a very successful way of promoting this source of energy. It is a cheap investment with high returns for ourselves, our children, our grandchildren and their grandchildren. The Senate needs to again pass this important legislation to ensure the wind energy production tax credit into the next century. I encourage all of my colleagues to cosponsor.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be printed in the Record.  