 President, I rise to express my disappointment at the fact that during conference negotiations on the District of Columbia appropriations bill, there have been efforts to drop a provision offered by Senator Wyden and myself, and which was accepted by the Senate. This provision was the antisecret holds provision which would have put an end to the practice of putting holds on legislation or nomination in secret.  My colleagues are all aware of the practice of placing holds on a variety of measures. Any Member of the Senate who objects to a measure can place a hold to prevent further action from taking place until that Senator's objections can be resolved.  I want to be clear about one thing. This provision would not have prevented Senators from placing holds. But it would have required them to be open and acknowledge when they have placed holds. Our provision would have simply required Senators to either announce on the floor or place notice in the Congressional Record within 2 working days that they have placed a hold. It is very disappointing that the D.C. approps conferees sought not to allow this provision to remain in the conference report. More, not less, openness is needed in this institution. It is regrettable that conferees seek to maintain the status quo.  However, I want my colleagues to know that, should this provision not be included in the final conference report, Senator Wyden and I will not consider this matter closed.  We have had to work long and persistently before to achieve legislative goals and we are prepared to do so again. We will continue to pursue this matter until we achieve the openness that is necessary to regain the public trust in Congress that it once had. I know that is a goal that we all want to reach.  Senators should remember that simply because the provision is not in the conference report, does not mean that Senators cannot take the initiative on their own and declare their desire, to place a hold on legislative activity. I call on all Senators to declare their action when they place a hold on legislation. Senator Wyden and I have already pledged to be open about any such actions we take.  I firmly believe that shedding more light on the work that we do here can only help make Congress more effective and accountable. It will inspire greater confidence by our constituents, without which we cannot effectively do our jobs. There has to be a fundamental trust among our constituents that we will strive to represent their interests and views. I know I've never had a constituent tell me that Congress needs to be less open, less straightforward or less honest about what we do. That's why I want my colleagues to know this is not the last they have heard of this issue. They can be in step with the American people's wishes by making their actions public and by making the holds process more open. I appeal to my colleagues to not allow this provision to be killed in the secrecy that we need to eliminate.  I also want to thank my friend, Senator Wyden, for his hard work on this matter. It has been a pleasure to work with him on this matter and I look forward to our continued efforts together.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Coats). The Senator from New Mexico.  