 President, I would like to bring to the attention of the Senate a typographical error contained in the statement of managers to accompany the conference report on the fiscal year 1998 budget resolution. During the course of the conference some language was worked out to include in the statement of managers with respect to the section 8 housing allowance--which is set out in section 203 of the conference report. This language was mistakenly included in the description of section 203 of the Senate amendment rather than in the description of section 203 of the conference agreement. The language at issue reads as follows:       The agreement creates an allowance of $9.2 billion in      budget authority with an associated, but unspecified, amount      of outlays to be released by the Budget committees when the      Appropriations committees report bills that provide for      renewal of Section 8 housing assistance contracts that expire      in 1998. The conference agreement assumes that the amount of      the allowance to be released (estimated to be $3.436 billion      for outlays) will not be reduced to the extent that the      appropriations and authorizing committees produce Section 8      savings that were proposed in the President's 1998 budget.  Mr. President, the conference report on the concurrent budget resolution of the budget for fiscal year 1998 now before the Senate, represents the first major legislative step--in what will be a number of steps--to implement the bipartisan budget agreement announced by President Clinton and the bipartisan congressional leadership almost exactly 1 month ago today.  As those in this Chamber will understand, but maybe not as obvious to those watching this debate, this conference agreement is the blueprint that will guide the building and enforce the adjustments to legislation throughout the summer. When the legislation is finished following this blueprint, and when it is sent to the President and signed, we will have built a house that is fiscally strong for the future.  So today's vote on this conference agreement should be identical to the 78 to 22 vote taken in this Chamber just before the Memorial Day recess. And that is as it should be, because the conference agreement is based on the Senate-passed budget resolution and the House-passed budget resolution which both followed the agreed on budget levels of the announced bipartisan budget agreement. In other words the aggregate numbers in the two Chambers' resolutions were almost identical, resulting in hardly any need for a conference.  In fact, it wad initially felt that since both resolutions followed the agreement, there was not even a need or a conference. It was held by our joint leadership that merging the two resolutions--because of the normal differences in House and Senate committees of jurisdiction under the reconciliation instructions--that this could have been done by simply adopting a House amendment to the Senate amendment, a procedure clearly authorized under the Budget Act. However, this procedure would have put us in the posture of possibly having amendments to that House amendment, the leadership concluded we should expedite the process by simply having a conference meeting and avoiding possible amendments.  So on Tuesday afternoon when the House returned from the Memorial Dayrecess, they appointed conferees and Tuesday evening the conference met. As I indicated, since the two resolutions were almost identical in the numbers, the only issues to conference were related to some procedural reserve fund mechanisms, and nonbinding sense-of-the-Senate, sense-of-the-House, and sense of-the-Congress resolutions.  Yesterday these minor issue were resolved and last evening the conference agreement and accompanying statement of managers was filed. The House of Representatives just acted on the budget resolution conference agreement by a vote of 327 to 97, almost identical to the vote when it first passed the House on May 20. The House-passed budget resolution passed on a vote of 333 to 99. Today, nearly 90 percent of the House Republicans voted for his conference agreement, and almost two thirds of the House Democrats voted for it. Clearly this is a bipartisan budget agreement as reaffirmed in this vote today in the House.  And now the Senate is about to follow suit. If you voted for the Senate-passed budget resolution on May 23, then you have no reason not to vote for this conference agreement on June 5.  For the record, through it is probably unnecessary, I might remind the Senators and those watching what this blueprint for a balanced budget means. It means that when our fiscal house is finished following this blueprint, the Federal deficit, which would have topped $150 billion in 2002 if nothing was done, will be balanced. And if the policies that get us to balance in 2002 are continued unchanged beyond 2002, we will reduce spending over the next 10 years almost $1.1 trillion.  The blueprint for the balanced budget agreement before us this afternoon means that spending which would have grown at 4.4 percent annually over the next 5 years will now grow at slightly over 3 percent, about the rate of growth in the overall economy.  The blueprint for the balanced budget agreement means that the size of the Federal Government will decline. Federal spending which today represents 20.8 percent of the economy today, will decline to 18.9 percent in 2002.  The blueprint for the balanced budget agreement means that the Medicare part A program will remain solvent for nearly a decade and that the spending on all of Medicare that is now projected to grow at nearly 9 percent annually over the next five years, will be reduced to a more manageable growth rate of about 7.5 percent annually.  The blueprint for the balanced budget agreement means that Federal taxes will be reduced on hard working American families with children and on small business and farms. Taxes will be reduced by $85 billion over the next 5 years, and if these tax cuts are extended over a 10-year period, total tax reductions not exceeding $250 billion will be given to the American public.  We are going to let them keep their money. It is their money.  Finally, the blueprint does assume that some additional resources are needed for high priority Federal programs in education, environment, justice, transportation, children's health, work welfare reform, and some safety net programs. But I would remind the blueprint critics that the some $33.6 billion in additional resources spent on these priority programs represent less than 0.37 percent of the total $9.0 trillion in total Federal spending we expect over the next 5 years.  This is a good blueprint. Like all blueprints, as the building actually begins in the committees of jurisdiction these next few weeks, it will require some adjustments in the actual building phase and from time to time, as has already begun, there will be disputes as to how to read the blueprint. In those cases, I am long with my ranking member and the bipartisan leadership will work with the committee chairman to insure that we are making a good faith effort to stick to the agreement. But today the design is clear and the builders can go to work.  In closing let me say that the passions of the Federal budget debate lie at the very essence of our free, democratic governmental system. The questions of the role of the Federal Government, how much of our national wealth should be spent on the public good and who should pay for it, are questions that date back to the beginning of this great republic.  In recent years, however, the obstacles to the Federal budget have been primarily a question of finding a working consensus between the executive and the Congress. Today we have a consensus on this issue. Of course, each of us alone might have designed the plan differently, but then we might not have had a consensus. Yes, I personally think we should have done more in entitlement spending programs that still threaten the foundation of this house we build today, but for today we must do what we can. And I ask you to vote as you did on May 23 and adopt this conference agreement. Then we will be one step further on the road to the future of restoring the American dream for the young people of our country.  I yield the floor.  