 President, I rise today to offer a very important amendment. This amendment applies the provisions of this bill, S. 4, to Congress.  As most Senators know, I pushed for the adoption of the original Congressional Accountability Act for many years before it was enacted. Finally, in the last Congress, with my sponsorship, we enacted the Congressional Accountability Act into law. With this act we said that we in Congress are no better than the business men and women in our States. We are not different and we, too, must live under the laws that we pass. We no longer sit in Washington and look down upon the people and tell them how to run their businesses. This is a democracy, and therefore we make laws for the people, and we, too, are the people.  This amendment is offered for the same purpose. It is a continuation of the spirit and intent of the Congressional Accountability Act.  In the Federalist Papers, Federalist 57, James Madison wrote that:       [Members of Congress] can make no law which will not have      its full operation on themselves and their friends, as well      as on the great mass of society . . . it creates between them      that communion of interests and sympathy of sentiments of      which few governments have furnished examples, but without      which every government degenerates into tyranny.  The bill before us gives important options to the private workplace that Government--with exceptions including Congress--has enjoyed for years. It is only fair that if these options--compensatory time, bi-weekly schedules and flextime--apply to the private sector, then they must also apply to Congress. A rationale of the Congressional Accountability Act was that by requiring us to live under the same laws as the private sector, we will understand the challenges created by the laws that we pass. If we apply compensatory time, bi-weekly schedules and flextime to the private sector, we must also apply it to Congress. Otherwise, we will not get an accurate understanding of what our labor laws do to our businesses and workers.  The language in this amendment is carefully crafted to complement the Congressional Accountability Act. The drafting of this language was a long and careful process. I drafted it in consultation with the Office of Compliance and the Senate Employment Counsel. I thank both of these offices for their efforts to craft this language and make it the most effective and fair language possible.  I ask my colleagues to support this amendment and to join me once again in saying that we are not above the laws that we make.  I yield the floor.  