 President, I am privileged to be in the Senate today to support passage of this historic legislation. In my career as a Senator, a Congressman, and a State legislator, I have participated in thousands of bills. Posterity will probably remember only a select few of them. Of all, I expect, and hope, those who keep apprised of Congress will remember this tax freedom reconciliation bill among those remembered most fondly and most often.  This bill is not only about the Government living within the Nation's means, but about the Constitution itself. Two years ago, the Congress proved that it could pass a balanced budget. It also learned that the Constitution anticipates a third participant in the legislative process, the executive branch. So, we arrive here today not only having anticipated the needs of the President, we have included the executive branch as an active participant throughout the legislative process.  The words of the Constitution do not proscribe that Congress and the President should enter into an agreement defining legislation before it is actually written. Furthermore, the Constitution does not proscribe that the Congress should advance legislation with the continued advice of the Office of the President, the Treasury Department, and the Office of Management and Budget. The words themselves simply allow the President the express authority to either enact or veto the bills that we in the Congress produce.  However, the partnership forged between the President and Congress prove that the President can, and should, make his intentions known throughout the legislative process. Since the President can veto any bill that is sent to him, the process should allow that their contents of bills should not come as a surprise. But, it is not the President's reaction that should be avoided. It is the surprise of taxpayers. As the legislative process has evolved, too much progress occurs behind the closed doors of committees and caucuses. The people of the Nation have come to think of the legislative process as a black box. The good intentions go in one side, but something wholly unknown can come out the other. The President has always had the authority to veto and the Congress the power to reconsider.  But, in modern times, our legislative processes have become so cumbersome that Congress leaves itself without the days necessary to reconsider huge reconciliation bills. Therefore, we have effectively revamped the legislative process by allowing the President to play an earlier role.  Some might say that this is a significant change. Since the Constitution does not direct such a partnership, it must be implied therein. Our Constitution intends that we pass laws, not only bills.  Therefore, I turn to the product of this new process: The tax freedom reconciliation bill of 1997. Earlier today, we passed the balanced budget reconciliation bill. The latter is the first spending bill that anticipates a balance in almost 30 years of gridlock. The former is the first tax bill in 16 years that actually cuts taxes. Together, they are the first omnibus reconciliation legislation in 4 years that will become law.  Presently we are considering the tax freedom reconciliation bill. I am particularly proud of several provisions contained in this bill. Some of these sections have national perspectives like both the renewed income tax deduction for interest on student loans and estate tax relief. Others have a more regional effect such as the law turning back the unauthorized IRS expansion of the alternative minimum tax against farmers. All, however, provide relief to hard-working families in the areas of education and income security.  For education, this tax-relief bill renews the deductibility of interest incurred on student loans. I have introduced that particular bill in every Congress since it was repealed in 1986. In the last two Congresses I was accompanied by my friend from Illinois, Senator Moseley-Braun. Today, I am happy to announce our success.  When Americans think of investing money, we think of investing in things--machines, natural resources or businesses. This student loan provision is an investment in human capabilities and talents. I would like to do even more than what is offered in this provision. But restoring the deductibility on the interest paid on student loans sends a message to college students across the country. Their talents are worth the investment of dollars.  Students need to know the Federal Government and the Nation value their contributions. Understanding this, I believe they will have a greater appreciation of the effort necessary to successfully complete a higher education. We are clearly sending the message that the Congress recognizes the financial responsibility students undertake, and we are willing to do what we can to ease that burden.  For farmers, I am pleased to announce that another of these new laws will forever repeal the unauthorized IRS advancement of the alternative minimum tax against traditional farmer deferred commodity contracts. The President may offer his views on legislation, but the IRS does not have unilateral power to legislate on its own. This is good news for family farmers and rural America. It reaffirms the intent of Congress that family farmers should be able to continue receiving the use of the cash method of accounting not limited by the AMT. The IRS decision last fall to unilaterally change a 16-year-old tax policy for these deferred payments. The IRS was dead-wrong. Sixty-three of my colleagues joined my legislation with Senator Dorgan as solid proof.  In addition to setting the record straight, turning back the AMT for farmers highlights the larger problem we face when the IRS disregards the intent and the will of Congress. Here, we had a tax policy in place for 16 years, and suddenly, the IRS decides to make a 180 degree turn, which caused a great deal of havoc and concern for thousands of taxpayers. But, in order to return the law to its original intent, we had to come up with hundreds of millions of dollars as an offset, because of the upside-down way we do revenue estimates around here. So, I hope the Joint Committee on Taxation will be addressing the revenue estimation problem in the near future.  I am also proud of the future for estate tax relief for families. When thinking about estate taxes, you have to always keep your eye on the ball. Estates do not pay estate taxes, surviving families pay estate taxes. In this bill we do a number of things for death tax reform. All of these new laws are based on legislation that I introduced with my friend from Montana, Senator Baucus. Twenty cosponsors joined in our bill S. 479, the Estate Tax Relief for the American Family Act. It became the estate tax relief legislation embodied in this reconciliation bill providing over $675,000 of new relief.  In current law, the general estate tax exemption is $600,000, but that number is more than $200,000 behind the rate of inflation. In nearly every area of my State and the Nation, we saw in the past decade estate tax ultimately confiscate many family farms. Estate tax reform is simply about fairness and equity for families.  We've heard some make the faulty argument that the estate tax only affects a small percentage of taxpayers. Well, the point they leave out is that many other thousands of taxpayers have to waste a great deal of money in order to plan their estate so it will remain operational and in the family.  In addition, without the relief under this bill, the number of those affected by the estate tax would increase substantially in the next 5 to 10 years.  Let me also add that I strongly support estate tax relief because it directly helps preserve our natural land. Our estate tax relief is very pro-environment simply because it helps keep family farms operational and defers the danger of over-development by urban activities.  In this bill, capital gains tax relief is the partner of estate tax reform. Capital gains tax relief is similarly vital to my State of Iowa. A disproportionate amount of farmland is held by older landowners. To illustrate, studies in my state of Iowa show that 42 percent of farmland is held by taxpayers over the age of 65. Last year, Iowa State University conducted its annual farm life survey. It found that in the next 5 years, 21 percent of Iowa farmers are planning to retire. This high rate of those leaving farming raises important questions about who will be the next generation of Iowa farmers.  Some of those farmers who retire will want to hold onto the land and maybe rent it out. Many others want to sell the land, move to town, and be fully retired. Unfortunately, the capital gains tax has locked them on the farm. I support an even larger reduction in the capital gains rate. But, the reduction in the bill is certainly a very positive step in the right direction.  Finally, I want to talk about the expanded availability of tax supported individual retirement accounts. With the constraints of the Tax Code reduced, we will have more people saving for their retirements. Homemakers will be able to save $2000 per year tax-free regardless of the tax free retirement program offered to the working spouse. These new pro-saving laws will reduce the strain on the Social Security system.  This Congress produced all of this relief for families by using bipartisanship and cooperation with the executive branch. This cooperation was not expressed in so many words of the Constitution, but it must certainly have been implied.  Thank you Mr. President. I yield the floor.  