 As chairman of the Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts, I have closely studied the D.C. circuit for over a year now. And I can confidently conclude that the D.C. circuit does not need 12 judges or even 11 judges. Filling either of these two seats would just be a waste of taxpayer money--to the tune of about $1 million per year for each seat. The total price tag for funding an article III judge over the life of that judges is an average of $18 million.  Madam President, $18 million is a whole lot of money that we would be wasting if we fill the vacancies on the D.C. circuit.  In 1995, I chaired a hearing before the Judiciary Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts on the D.C. circuit. At the hearing, Judge Lawrence Silberman--who sits on that court--testified that 12 judges were just too many. According to Judge Silberman, when the D.C. circuit has too many judges there just isn't enough work to go around.  In fact, as for the 12th seat, the main courtroom in the D.C. courthouse does not even fit 12 judges. When there are 12 judges, special arrangements have to be made when the court sits in an en banc capacity.  I would ask my colleagues to consider the steady decrease in new cases filed in the D.C. circuit. Since 1985, the number of new case filings in the D.C. circuit has declined precipitously. And it continues to decline, even those who support filling the vacancies have to admit this. At most, the D.C. circuit is only entitled to a maximum of 10 judges under the judicial conference's formula for determining how many judges should be allotted to each court.  Judge Silberman recently wrote to the entire Judiciary Committee to say that filling the 12th seat would be--in his words--``frivolous.'' According to the latest statistics, complex cases in the D.C. circuit declined by another 23 percent, continuing the steady decline in cases in the D.C. circuit. With fewer and fewer cases per year, it doesn't make sense to put more and more judges on the D.C. circuit. That would be throwing taxpayer dollars down a rat hole.  So the case against filling the current vacancies is compelling. I believe that Congress has a unique opportunity here. I believe that we should abolish the 12th seat and at least the 11th seat should not be filled at this time. I believe that a majority of the Juidicary Committee agrees the case has been made against filling the 12th seat and Chairman Hatch has agreed not to fill it. So, no matter what happens today, at least we know that the totally unnecessary 12th seat will not be filled. At least the taxpayers can rest a little easier on that score.  Abolishing judicial seats is completely nonpartisan. If a judicial seat is abolished, no President-- Democrat or Republican--could fill it. As long as any judgeship exists, the temptation to nominate someone to fill the seat will be overwhelming--even with the outrageous cost to the American taxpayer.  Again, according to the Federal judges themselves, the total cost to the American taxpayer for a single article III judge is about $18 million. That's not chump change. That's something to look at. That's real money we can save.  Here in Congress, we have downsized committees and eliminated important support agencies like the Office of Technology Assessment. The same is true of the executive branch. Congress has considered the elimination of whole Cabinet posts. It is against this backdrop that we need to consider abolishing judgeships where appropriate--like in the D.C. circuit or elsewhere.  While some may incorrectly question Congress' authority to look into these matters, we are in fact on firm constitutional ground. Article III of the Constitution gives Congress broad authority over the lower Federal courts. Also, the Constitution gives Congress the ``power of the purse.'' Throughout my career, I have taken this responsibility very seriously. I, too, am a taxpayer, and I want to make sure that taxpayer funds aren't wasted.  Some may say that Congress should simply let judges decide how many judgeships should exist and how they should be allocated. I agree that we should defer to the judicial conference to some degree. However, there have been numerous occasions in the past where Congress has added judgeships without the approval of the Judicial Conference in 1990, the last time we created judgeships, the Congress created judgeships in Delaware, the District of Columbia and Washington State without the approval of the Judicial Conference. In 1984, when the 12th judgeship at issue in this hearing was created--Congress created 10 judgeships without the prior approval of the Judicial Conference. It is clear that if Congress can create judgeships without judicial approval, then Congress can leave existing judgeships vacant or abolish judgeships without judicial approval. It would be illogical for the Constitution to give Congress broad authority over the lower Federal courts and yet constrain Congress from acting unless the lower Federal courts first gave prior approval.  Madam President, I ask my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the current nomination and strike a blow for fiscal responsibility. Spending $18 million on an unnecessary judge is wrong. I have nothing against the nominee. Mr. Garland seems to be well qualified and would probably make a good judge--in some other court. Now, I've been around here long enough to know where the votes are. I assume Mr. Garland will be confirmed. But, I hope that by having this vote--and we've only had four judicial votes in the last 4 years--a clear message will be sent that these nominations will no longer be taken for granted.  Let's be honest--filling the current vacancies in the D.C. circuit is about political patronage and not about improving the quality of judicial decision making. And who gets stuck with the tab for this? The American taxpayer. I think it's time that we stand up for hardworking Americans and say no to this nomination.  I would like to make a few comments about the Judicial nomination process in general. Just about every day or so we hear the political hue and cry about how slow the process has been. This is even though we confirmed a record number of 202 judges in President Clinton's first term--more than we did in either President Reagan's or President Bush's first term.  I have heard the other side try to make the argument that not filling vacancies is the same as delaying justice. Well, when you have Clinton nominees or judges who are lenient on murderers because their female victim did not suffer enough, or you have a judge that tries to exclude bags of drug evidence against drug dealers, or a judge that says a bomb is not really a bomb because it did not go off and kill somebody--then I think that's when justice is denied.  The American people have caught on to this. And, I think the American people would just as soon leave some of these seats unfilled rather than filling them with judges who are soft on criminals or who want to create their own laws.  We have heard repeatedly from the other side that a number of judicial emergency vacancies exist. We are told that not filling these vacancies is causing terrible strife across the country. Now, to hear the term ``judicial emergency'' sounds like we are in dire straits. But, in fact, a judicial emergency not only means that the seat has been open for 18 months. It does not mean anything more than that, despite the rhetoric we hear.  In fact, it is more than interesting to note that out of the 24 so-called judicial emergencies, the administration has not even bothered to make a nomination to half them. That is right, Mr. President. After all we have heard about Republicans not filling these so-called judicial emergencies which are not really emergencies, we find that the administration has not even sent up nominees for half of them after having over a year and a half to do so.  But, we continue to hear about this so-called caseload crisis. My office even got a timely fax from the judicial conference yesterday bemoaning the increase in caseload. Well, Mr. President, I sent out the first time ever national survey to article III judges last year. I learned many things from the responses. Among them, I learned that while caseloads are rising in many jurisdictions, the majority of judges believed the caseloads were manageable with the current number of judges. A number of judges would even like to see a reduction in their ranks.  We know that much of the increased caseload is due to prisoner petitions, which are dealt with very quickly and easily, despite the hue and cry we hear. As a matter of fact the judicial conference even admits some of the increase is due to prisoners filing in order to beat the deadline for the new filing fees we imposed. So, there may be isolated problems, but there is no national crisis--period.  On February 5, I had the opportunity to chair a judiciary subcommittee hearing on judicial resources, concentrating on the fourth circuit. My efforts in regard to judgeship allocations are based upon need and whether the taxpayers should be paying for judgeships that just are not needed. We heard from the chief judge that filling the current two vacancies would actually make the court's work more difficult for a number of reasons. He argued that justice can actually be delayed with more judges because of the added uncertainty in the law with the increased number of differing panel decisions. I am sorry that only three Senators were there to hear this very enlightening testimony.  We in the majority have been criticized for not moving fast enough on nominations. However, we know there was a higher vacancy rate in the judiciary at the end of the 103d Democrat Congress than there was at the end of the 104th Republican Congress. Even though there were 65 vacancies at the end of last year, there were only 28 nominees that were not confirmed. All of them had some kind of problem or concern attached to them. The big story here is how the administration sat on its rights and responsibilities and did not make nominations for more than half of the vacancies. And some of the 28 nominations that were not confirmed were only sent to us near the end of the Congress. Yet, the administration has the gall to blame others for their failings.  I think it is also important to remember the great deal of deference we on this side gave to the President in his first term. As I said, we have confirmed over 200 nominees. All but four, including two Supreme Court nominees, were approved by voice vote. That is a great deal of cooperation. Some would say too much cooperation.  But now, after 4 years of a checkered track record, it is clear to me that we need to start paying a lot more attention to whom we're confirming. Because like it or not, we are being held responsible for them.  I cannot help but remember last year when some of us criticized a ridiculous decision by a Federal judge in New York who tried to exclude overwhelming evidence in a drug case. What was one of the first things we heard from the administration? After they also attacked the decision, they turned around and attacked the Republican Members who criticized the decision. They said, you Republicans voted for the nominee, so you share any of the blame.  Well, the vote on Judge Baer was a voice vote. But, I think many of us woke up to the fact that the American people are going to hold us accountable for some of these judges and their bad decisions. So, there is no question the scrutiny is going to increase, thanks to this administration, and more time andeffort is going to be put into these nominees. And, yes, we will continue to criticize bad decisions. If a judge that has life tenure cannot withstand criticism, then maybe he or she should not be on the bench.  Now, having said all of this, we have before us a nominee who we're ready to vote on. I had been one of those holding up the nominee for the D.C. circuit, the nomination before us. I believe I have made the case that the 12th seat should not be filled because there is not enough work for 12 judges, or even 11 judges for that matter. My argument has always been with filling the seat--not the nominee. Now that we have two open seats--even though the caseload continues to decline--I'm willing to make a good faith effort in allowing the Garland nomination to move forward.  But, given the continued caseload decline, and the judicial conference's own formula giving the circuit only 9.5 judges, I cannot support filling even the 11th seat. So, I will vote ``no.'' I assume I will be in the minority here and the nominee will be confirmed, but I think the point has to be made. I very much appreciate Chairman Hatch's efforts in regard to my concerns, and his decision to not fill the unnecessary 12th seat.  So, there have been a lot of personal attacks lately. Motives are questioned and misrepresented. This is really beneath the Senate. And I hope it will not continue.  Despite the attacks that have been launched against those of us who want to be responsible, all we are saying is send us qualified nominees who will interpret the law and not try to create it. Send us nominees who will not favor defendants over victims, and who will be tough on crime. Send us nominees who will uphold the Constitution and not try to change it. As long as the judgeships are actually needed, if the administration sends us these kinds of nominees, they will be confirmed.  I thank the Chair.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Faircloth). The Chair recognizes the Senator from South Carolina.  