 Hamre's letters tell me that he may not understand this issue. He seems confused. It is confusion like this that dictates more fiscal discipline in this town, and that can only come from a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget.  His letter of January 29, I think, contains two contradictory statements. In one breath he says that payments and appropriations are in sync. In the next breath, he admits that payments and appropriations are out of sync.  But then he goes on to say that the cost of getting them in sync would just be too high, that we cannot worry about whether payments are matched with a particular product or a particular invoice or appropriation account. He says, ``that would not be good business sense.'' It would place an unfair burden on the contractors.  Just think, when it comes to matching disbursements of money with an invoice, it might also place an unfair burden on contractors and government accountants.  So just what is the thinking of the chief financial officer? Clearly, there is a problem in the Department of Defense's payment process. There is a major disconnect. On the one hand, we have a whole body of law governing the use of appropriations; on the other, we have payments for factory work that are supposed to be matched with corresponding appropriations.  Unfortunately, the law and the payments just don't mesh. They can't be reconciled. So long as the two are notin sync, the Pentagon is operating outside the law, and it doesn't reflect the fiscal discipline that we need in this town and that we would get with a constitutional amendment.  Unfortunately, the new policy in this draft language that is floating around the Pentagon does not put them back in sync. It will keep them out of sync permanently.  To understand the root cause of this problem, we need to step back in time. Bureaucrats do not like it when congressional overseers revisit history, but that is what we need to do. We need to revisit an old IG report, the inspector General's audit report dated March 31, 1992. That is number 92-064. It is on the Titan IV Missile Program.  That is where the problem was first detected and exposed, and that is the problem the bureaucrats are trying to cover up in this new policy.  The Titan IV was not an isolated case. Unfortunately, the practices uncovered on Titan IV typified common practices throughout the Department. This report showed the Defense Department regularly violates the laws that the draft language would undo. Instead of fixing the problem, this proposed language would legalize the crime.  Mr. President, the laws that were violated were designed to protect Congress' constitutional control over the purse strings. Progress payments to Martin Marietta on the Titan IV contract were made in violation of those laws. Those payments were made on a predetermined sequence of appropriations. Those are words that mean the money was drawn from available appropriation accounts using a random selection process.  What a way--random selection to justify the expenditures of the taxpayers' money. That is a blatant violation of the law. That is the inspector general talking, Mr. President, not the Senator from Iowa.  Yet, as difficult as it may be to comprehend, this unlawful procedure was sanctified by Air Force Regulation 177-120, starting February 15, 1988. In other words, that is an outlaw decree.  Congress appropriates money for specific purposes. Those purposes are specified in law, and that is how the money must be spent. That's what the law says. The Pentagon bureaucrats promise to straighten up this mess after the fact, down the road, after the money goes out the door. They try to retroactively adjust--that's their language--adjust the ledgers--to make it look like the payments and the appropriations were in sync.  That is fine and dandy, Mr. President. It makes the books look nice and neat, but the books then do not reflect the reality of how the taxpayers' money was spent or what the appropriators intended. The books do not tell you how the money was really spent. If they don't do that, then they are inaccurate, and that's what I call cooking the books.  Back in 1992, the inspector general tried to shut down the Defense Department's unlawful payment process. Mr. President, the inspector general told the Department to get on the stick, obey the law, fix the problem.  Well, guess what? The big wheels over at the Pentagon nonconcurred with the IG. That means, take a hike, in other words. They said the payment process was working just fine; it doesn't need any fixing; don't mess with it.  We should be thankful that the IG had courage and did not back down.  This dispute came to a head, after years of talk, in March of 1993. There was a high-level powwow at that time. The financial wizards in the Pentagon got together and signed a peace treaty. They said, basically, obey the law.  They were given 120 days to do it.  The treaty was signed by: Ms. Eleanor Spector, Director of Defense Procurement; Mr. Al Tucker, Deputy Comptroller; and Mr. Bob Lieberman, assistant IG for auditing.  Mr. President, 4 years have passed since that agreement was signed. Those same officials are still in the same place. But nothing has been fixed.  Now, we have the DOD CFO telling us that nothing will be fixed. The status quo will be institutionalized and legalized. Titan IV is the model for the future.  CFO Hamre is responsible for this mess.  Why didn't Mr. Hamre enforce the March 1993 agreement? What exactly has happened in the 4 years since the agreement was signed? How did we end up where we are?  We need to know the answers to these questions. We need to understand the problem before we try to fix it.  