 President, let's build upon the cornerstone of this monumental bill. Congress has a chance to continue to press on for meaningful reform. In spite of this legislation, some children will still remain hostages in an inefficient system.  Any future reforms must: First, strive to dramatically limit the time a child can legally spend in foster care. According to the available statistics, the national average length of stay in foster care is three years--three birthdays, three christmases, first, second and third grade. Second, remove financial incentives to keep children in foster care; and provide incentives for success not for attempts. Currently the system pays the same rate per child per month without limitation. The Federal Government is entitled to pay for performance.  Senator Brownback plans to hold hearings next year as chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight of the District of Columbia to determine what the Federal Government can do to address the crumbling foster care system in the District.  These children are the most vulnerable of all--their little lives begin with abuse and neglect by their own parents and, for many, they experience systemic abuse by languishing in long term foster care.  CRS stated that ``children are vulnerable and their well-being is affected by conditions beyond their control.'' But is not beyond our control.  Those on the front lines, on whom we rely to make this policy work include: the court appointed special advocates, volunteers who advocate in the courts on the children's behalf; juvenile judges--an Illinois judge told me she requires each of the children's pictures to be attached to the front of their files so that those who come in contact with the case know that these are children, not a caseload number; the foster and adoptive parent associations; the citizen foster care review boards; special needs adoption organizations, Governors, the human services departments and social workers.  We are all responsible for these children who depend on us. Foster care is a poor parent. A loving, committed family is the best gift to give any child. Passage of this bill is one way to encourage this.  I yield the floor.  