 President, over the next few days, we have an opportunity that we want to take advantage of to correct the course of years of unrestrained Government spending. Just like a consumer who has too many credit cards, barely keeping his head above water, particularly because he is paying big interest on his balance, so, too, is the Federal Government sinking under an ocean of debt. This deplorable state of affairs will force the Federal Government to make an annual payment of $248 billion this year alone.  We have already tried to instill fiscal discipline through a lot of other measures that we passed in the last 10 years, including spending caps and deficit control mechanisms. They simply are not working efficiently enough to sustain the level of economic growth that we are now experiencing. If we had the deficit under control and interest rates down, we would be creating many, many more jobs than what have been created by this economy. Without the discipline of a constitutional amendment, we will see our interest payments further drag down the economy. By 2007, interest payments on the national debt will increase to $340 billion.  Just imagine, if we were not paying the interest right now, we would have no budget deficit whatsoever. In fact, we would be running a surplus until the year 2004.  When talking about the balanced budget amendment, one of the first things to do is set the record straight on the issue we have been talking about since last night: the issue of Social Security.  Some of my colleagues, well-meaning but wrong, have signaled that they would be willing to support the balanced budget amendment if Social Security was exempt from the amendment. I say wrong. Why? Because exempting Social Security would create more problems for the program. They argue that a balanced budget amendment threatens the viability of Social Security and would harm vulnerable seniors in the process. If that were true, I would not be supporting this resolution. But that is not true, and unless we get the deficit of the Federal Government under control, this Government and our economy will never be strong enough to ever meet the needs of the baby boomers when they go into retirement just 13 years from now.  Proponents of the Reid amendment apparently still believe that by passing Senate Joint Resolution 1, there would be some sudden groundswell of support for cutting Social Security benefits to reduce outlays. They are wrong. Given the popularity and the need of Social Security for our seniors, because it is part of the social fabric of American society, this Congress would not let that happen. Even if this Congress were inclined to let that happen, the American people would not let that happen. That just isn't going to happen.  I am committed to the idea that balancing the budget is not about cutting Social Security. I voted for a resolution last year which promoted that view, but opponents of the amendment are not satisfied by words--I suppose everybody is cynical about words from Members of Congress--but past experience dictates otherwise. Even though we have submitted budget resolutions which achieve balance in the year 2002 without harming Social Security, the opponents of the balanced budget amendment continue to try to derail this amendment by claiming that those of us who have always fought to protect Social Security will turn around and try to harm Social Security. How could that ever happen, when the experience of the last 60 years to protect Social Security has been just the opposite, the experience of this Congress, the track record of this Congress, has been just the opposite?  Our budget proposal does take into account the Social Security surplus, projected to be about $465 billion cumulative by the year 2002. Requiring a consolidated or unified budget in this constitutional amendment is the right thing to do. First, we must set our policy in accordance with the long-term health of this Nation's economy and the people of this country.  By chance, there is a Social Security surplus today. If we had tried to pass a balanced budget amendment like this in the early 1980's, we would not have to worry about this argument because Social Security had no surplus.  If we waited until the year 2029 to balance the budget, we would not be hearing this argument because there would be no surplus in Social Security at that time. It would be bankrupt. Social Security will be running a very real deficit by the year 2029. Whether Social Security is off or on budget, the decisions made about borrowing will have to take this deficit into account, even though it will look as if we are in full compliance with the Constitution. How can we expect the people to have confidence in Government if this kind of ghost accounting continues to go on?  But this message does not seem to be getting through. Listen to comments of the Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan. His comments seem to be ignored on the issue of the unified budget. At a hearing of the Senate Budget Committee held 3 weeks ago, Chairman Greenspan testified that ``for the purposes of fiscal evaluation of the budget of the United States, the unified budget is the appropriate one * * *''  Chairman Greenspan is right--financial markets take into account all Government activity. It is not segmented out into various trust funds as the sponsors of this amendment on Social Security would want us to believe. If we exempt Social Security we will make our job harder. That could have serious ramifications for the economy, and for other programs in the budget. If we are forced to make up the $295 billion lost from the Social Security surplus, we will have to find places to make further, unnecessary reductions.  I see no compelling reason to exempt Social Security. It is beyond dispute that should Congress scrap the unified budget and exempt Social Security, truly draconian cuts in important social programs would be absolutely necessary to balance the budget.  So, in the spirit of truth in budgeting, I challenge the supporters of scrapping the unified budget to identify what programs will be cut and how large those cuts will be. Prior to the 104th Congress, those who supported the balanced budget were repeatedly asked to provide details of how a balanced budget would be achieved. I believe the same standard should apply to those who propose exempting Social Security. Where is the beef in their proposal?  One final reason I do not support exempting Social Security from the resolution is the possibility that the exemption will turn into a magnet for new spending that is not offset with cuts--all with a simple majority vote. This does not seem too far-fetched, Mr. President, at a time when President Clinton is proposing to shift home health care spending from one Medicare trust fund to a second trust fund which is largely funded by the general Treasury.  I believe it is clear that the best way to protect Social Security now as well as in the future is to reject ill-advised efforts to exempt Social Security from the balanced budget amendment. In fact, the respected Robert Myers, a former chief actuary of the Social Security Administration who continues to be a strong supporter of the program of Social Security, is a strong supporter, as well, of this balanced budget amendment as it is written.  Mr. Myers recognizes that continued fiscal irresponsibility on the part of the Federal Government is the greatest threat to Social Security, a program that is part of the social fabric of America, protecting America's seniors in retirement. If we continue to run up the deficit, interest payments will continue to rise. When the time comes for Social Security to start cashing in its bonds, possibly as soon as the year 2012, the Federal Government may find it very difficult to find a creditor when the debt we carry exceeds $8 trillion.  We have another opportunity to rid ourselves of this unsustainable spending. I hope that we can, once and for all, keep our promise to balance the budget without hanging the Social Security noose around the necks of those of us supporting the balanced budget amendment. Contrary to the hue and cry that we hear from the other side, the balanced budget amendment is the best way to continue ensuring a good quality of life for seniors while preserving the American dream for all Americans.  Also Mr. President, I want to correct an incorrect characterization of a memorandum by Congress Daily.  The Congress Daily refers to a CRS analysis which supposedly says that the balanced budget amendment will hurt the Government's ability to pay Social Security benefits.  Let me read from the report: ``Now, of course, this does not mean that Social Security benefits could not be paid.'' I don't know how much clearer you can be on this subject. The balanced budget amendment will not prevent Congress from honoring its commitments to seniors.  Better yet, the same CRS researcher who produced the report which some have mischaracterized has produced yet another clarifying memo. Let me quote from that newest report: ``We are not concluding that the trust fund surpluses could not be drawn down to pay beneficiaries.'' That seems perfectly clear to me. Social Security will not be harmed by the balanced budget amendment.  I think that it's unfortunate that those who oppose the balanced budget amendment are using such deceptive arguments and tactics. We are making important decisions for the future of this great Nation. I wish we could have an honest debate about the balanced budget and not resort to trickery.  The Congress Daily article also quotes several of my Democratic colleagues referring to a report from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. As everyone knows, this group is a liberal interest group that opposes the balanced budget amendment. That's what they testified to earlier this year before the Judiciary Committee.  So, in conclusion, this page and a half CRS analysis actually reaffirms what the supporters of the balanced budget amendment have always been saying: the balanced budget amendment will not harm Social Security.  