 President, under the law, DOD was required to start making the matches on checks over $5 million, and then gradually ratchet the thresholds down to zero.  At the $5-million level, DOD is really just scratching the surface.  DFAS/Columbus is where it happens.  DFAS/Columbus writes fewer than 1,800 checks per year that are $5 million or more. So what's the big deal? Matchups on 1,800 checks should be a piece of cake.  But when it came time to start phase 2 and lower the threshold to the $1 million checks, DOD balked.  DOD said ``No''--even though it makes fewer than 11,250 payments over $1 million annually. DOD asked for more time.  Making the matchups on 11,250 checks ought to be Mickey Mouse stuff. Banks routinely do 500,000 to 1 million each day.  Mr. President, for 11,250 DOD checks versus up to 1 million checks for U.S. banks and DOD can't do it.  Why can't the Pentagon do it--with all its technological know-how?  Mr. President, I can't help but think that, maybe, the Pentagon bureaucrats don't want to clean up the books.  They like the mess. That way no one knows what is really going on, including them, and no one gets in trouble.  Well, thanks to the committee's determined leadership last year, our legislative reform effort is back on track. We regained some momentum.  DOD must now make matchups on all checks over $3 million, starting next month--June 30.  At the same time, DOD is supposed to be developing a detailed plan for moving first to the $1-million mark, and then on down to zero.  The IG is reviewing that plan right now and should be submitting an assessment to the committee soon.  After we study this report, we should be in a position to decide on how to proceed in the fiscal year 1998 bill.  I would like to mention one disturbing new development.  I was recently provided with evidence--DOD documents--that clearly indicates that DOD is not on board 100 percent with our effort.  This material pertains to program payments made at the DFAS/Columbus Center. It shows that DOD is using several random-allocation procedures for matching payments with appropriated moneys.  This procedure subverts the appropriations process and is guaranteed to create more unmatched disbursements--big time--along with a host of other legal problems.  I will have more to say on this later, once I have all the facts.  This new information tells me that we will need to apply more pressure to get the job done. I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  