 President. I thank the Senator from Wyoming. He has made very clear the need for this amendment. Most importantly, he has stressed what can legitimately be stressed on the floor of this body: that the political laboratories of our American system of Government, our State governments and our State legislatures have had much success with constitutional requirements for a balanced budget, making those State legislatures, be they controlled by liberals or by more conservative people, have a sounder fiscal policy, and a sounder spending policy than what we have had in the U.S. Congress. This is all due to the fact that each one of those State legislators takes an oath to uphold the laws and the constitution of their State, and when those respective constitutions require a balanced budget, they are carrying out their duty, not only to be fiscally sound, but also carrying out a constitutional mandate that they swore to uphold.  So those of us who support a constitutional amendment suggest that we need the fiscal discipline that will come from a constitutional amendment, which would not be necessary if the Members of the Congress in the last quarter century had been as responsible as the Members of Congress in the first 175-year history of our country. During that period of time, except during wartime, we had balanced budgets, in a majority of the cases, and had just a general understanding that it was our responsibility for a present generation to live within its income and not put off, as we have been doing for the last quarter of a century, the debt to children and grandchildren.  We are at it again in 1997, like we have in most of the recent Congresses, trying to get just one or two more votes to pass a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget, which takes a two-thirds vote. When you are one or two votes short of, over the last decade, getting it passed, that means that the vast majority of the Members of this body feel it necessary to amend the Constitution but, quite frankly, coming up just a few votes--last year, just one vote--short of the required two-thirds vote to pass it.  So all of the hue and cry that you hear from the other side, from the opponents of this approach of amending the Constitution to require a balanced budget, represents a minority of this body, a small minority of this body, just a third or just a little over a third. This year we hope that the opponents are just a little bit less than a third, so we get the two-thirds necessary to pass it.  These are the diehards who still believe that it's fine for us to spend in our generation and let our children and grandchildren pick up the bill for our living high on the hog.  We have heard several concerns which have been raised by the opponents of a balanced budget amendment, and I believe that these concerns are simply a mask for the opposition to the balanced budget amendment. I want to address those concerns.  First of all, some in Congress have argued that the balanced budget amendment would result in the Federal courts becoming heavily involved in the budgetary process that was meant by our constitutional writers to be a legislative prerogative. It is my firm belief that such a concern is completely unwarranted. It is just another excuse not to enact a balanced budget amendment, which the American people want by huge margins, and which will force fiscal discipline on those who are making this argument against this constitutional amendment. Experience has shown that the Federal courts are very reluctant to enter into the budgetary issues and the political controversies.  In order for Federal courts to hear a case, the person filing a lawsuit must have what lawyers call ``standing to sue.'' That is, the person must show that he or she has suffered a unique injury resulting from the balanced budget amendment and that this injury can be corrected by the Federal courts. If the person suing the Government cannot meet these requirements, then he or she has no standing and the court will not hear the case.  For several reasons, I believe that it is unlikely that the courts would determine such a person has standing to bring a case under the balanced budget amendment.  The courts are very strict in insisting that standing requirements be met by citizens who wish to sue the Government. In case after case, the Federal courts have refused to permit citizens to challenge Government action solely on the basis of being a taxpayer. Therefore, there is absolutely no reason to fear a flood of litigation over the implementation of the balanced budget amendment.  The most important reason I do not expect to see a flood of Federal cases is that once the balanced budget amendment is passed and ratified, Congress, taking the oath to uphold the Constitution, will naturally abide by it. With the force of a constitutional amendment mandating fiscal responsibility, we will be obligated to produce a balanced budget. By obeying the constitutional law, there will be no reason for any citizen to take Government to court.  Having seen such an amendment work in my home State of Iowa, I am confident that it will force us here in Washington to be disciplined in our spending. In my view, the courts will have no need to become involved in the budget.  Clearly, the balanced budget amendment does not provide any basis for the court to micromanage the budget process, as has been indicated by the opponents of this amendment. Without mentioning the issue of judicial review, the sponsors of the resolution have refused to give congressional sanction to the courts to involve themselves in thebudgetary decisions. I believe that explicitly putting language on the issue of judicial review in the balanced budget amendment implies that the Federal courts might have power that we do not intend them to have and that they should not have.  Furthermore, should there be any unwarranted infringement in the process by the Federal courts, which, as I have stated, is highly unlikely, the Congress has the right, under article III of the Constitution, going back for 200 some years, to limit the Federal courts' jurisdiction.  Another baseless concern which has been raised regarding the balanced budget amendment is that it will allow the President to impound funds. Again, this is simply false. There is nothing in the balanced budget amendment giving the President new powers in the budget process. He must submit a balanced budget to the Congress. But beyond that, his role is not changed in any way.  In fact, the balanced budget amendment reaffirms the Supreme Court's ruling that the President is required to faithfully execute the law and to spend funds as directed by statute. The President therefore does not have impoundment authority over the Social Security trust fund since he must spend it.  Arguments against the balanced budget amendment on the grounds that it gives the President some new impoundment powers are simply unfounded. So, Mr. President, I think we can conclude that it is now time to pass this amendment. The American people are tired of all the excuses we have been hearing from a small minority of people who oppose amending the Constitution to force fiscal discipline upon the Congress. They know that we have to impose fiscal discipline on Washington if we are to preserve the American dream for future generations of our young people.  The American people are smart enough to know the empty excuses that have been heard today, and particularly those involving the courts, are mere delaying tactics meant to derail the balanced budget amendment.  I say to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that we cannot allow ourselves to lose our focus on the major purpose of the balanced budget amendment--putting an end to the Federal deficit and keeping the budget balanced in the future. Let us keep our eyes on the ball and not be distracted or deterred by phony arguments. Senate Joint Resolution 1 has been carefully considered and analyzed by its supporters on both sides of the aisle. We must not allow a vocal minority and narrow partisan concerns to derail this critically important legislation and put the American dream in jeopardy. I say we need to send the balanced budget amendment to the States and let the American people decide.  