 We have been focusing in this debate on the necessity and the impact of the certification process on foreign countries as if the only purpose of this was to put pressure on foreign countries. That probably is the primary purpose and maybe the only one we talk about. But, as well, I would like to suggest that we have a situation where this process keeps our own Government decisionmakers responsible. In other words, through this certification process, we are causing them to make an annual judgment of whether or not our process of interdiction in other parts of the world on drugs is actually working and effective. I think that is a very important purpose of our process, to make our own elected and appointed government public officials take care to look at the process, look at whether the policies are working, to assess those policies, maybe to suggest changes in those policies--maybe even in basic law--but, also, to make a judgment of whether or not they are effectively carrying out the laws the way intended.  I find the assumptions upon which the Dodd-McCain amendment is based to be wrong. I believe what it represents is a moving away from a serious standard of dealing with the drug problem. I believe it gives other countries a bye on taking drugs seriously. I believe it lets the U.S. administration off the hook. So I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against this amendment. If anything, we should be discussing measures to strengthen the process. It is a process that has served us well.  We have had a letter by the present drug czar quoted on the floor of the Senate as supporting this amendment. I would like to suggest to you that I have had an opportunity to visit with another drug czar--former drug czar now--Bill Bennett. He was a very good drug czar. He was a drug czar when policies were working. He speaks very strongly in support of the present certification process and, consequently, would urge our vote against the suggestions of Senator Dodd and Senator McCain.  It is argued by the proponents that the certification process does not work. No evidence is offered for this view. It is simply asserted. But what does ``working'' look like? I would like to ask a question in a different context to make this very point. Just recently we passed legislation putting more teeth into the sanctions for countries that support international terrorism. Do we believe that passing such laws will end international terrorism forever? Or do we believe that we need to have measures in place to ensure appropriate means are available to us, means that will help us uphold U.S. interests and international standards of conduct? I do not think anyone here believes that our laws will necessarily end terrorism as we know it. That is not the intent. The intent is to set a standard that terrorism is wrong and that we are going to fight terrorism wherever we can.  We have passed legislation to hold countries responsible for violating intellectual property rights. Do we expect this legislation to end all pirating of books or CD's? Or do we expect to have the means available to us to respond to all counterfeiting, to send a message about what the standard is that we believe that we need to uphold? I think everyone knows the answer.  Why are we seeking to establish some sort of different standard for drugs? It seems to me in the case of terrorism we say terrorism is wrong, we pass laws against it, we fully expect to enforce them in every way we can in an effort to end terrorism. We may not actually end terrorism, but it is a standard. So the certification process is not about the ultimate end to drug production or trafficking. Our law will not end that any more than any of these other laws that I have mentioned will end the problems that they address. The intent is to establish needed standards, to set the terms of reference for what doing something meaningful looks like, and to take appropriate action when this does not happen.  Some, however, seem to want to hold drug certification to an impossible standard of judgment. The argument made is that certification does not work. In fact, certification is doing exactly what Congress intended. It forces the U.S. administration at least once a year to take international drug policy seriously. It also requires them to account for their actions to the Congress. I can appreciate that the administration may not like having to make all these very tough decisions. But we must hold this President and future Presidents, as we have held past Presidents, accountable for this process.  Certification also forces other countries to do the same thing. Now, what about those other countries? These are countries that are major drug producers or transiting countries for illegal drugs. A goodly percentage of those drugs are then smuggled into our country. These activities are illegal under international law and even under the laws of the countries from which the drugs come.  In any case, these same countries have bilateral agreements with the United States committing them to take steps to stop drug trafficking and production. In addition, many of these countries receive U.S. assistance, that is money and support, to combat illegal drug trafficking.  What does certification do then? It asks that these countries take serious steps to meet their obligations under international law, under local law, and under these bilateral agreements. It asks the administration to report to Congress on whether countries are doing this. It sets measures for determining what cooperation looks like. If, in the judgment of the administration, the country does not meet these standards, then it proposes limited sanctions. It also provides a means for Congress to exercise its foreign policymaking authorities to override the President if it does not accept his determination.  It is hardly outrageous, Mr. President, that we expect other countries to abide by laws and by commitments, international and otherwise, made by those countries. It is hardly unfair to expect an assessment of these efforts. It is not unrealistic to expect that we will take appropriate responses if minimal standards are not met, and we are perfectly within our right to decide not to continue our support. That support, after all, is not an entitlement, and it is not beyond the pale that we ask for an accounting.  Certification has been around for about 10 years. As with other cases, the longer the requirement has been on the books and the more Congress has insisted that it be taken seriously, the more used and useful the process has become. The process has gathered momentum. Last year, in fact, I asked the Congressional Research Service to review the merits of the certification process. That review, which is still available, makes clear how the certification process has matured and proved effective. In that review, a former senior State Department official and ambassador makes the point that the certification process works. Other countries take it seriously. He recommended keeping it.  Not only has the standard been applied with more rigor, it has also encouraged greater cooperation from certified countries. All in all, more countries now take as a given that drug control must be an important element in their thinking. This was not always the case. It is why Congress required certification in the first place. The need has not changed. If anything, the need is greater today.  I want to make one final point. Some have argued that we must not continue the certification process in regard to Mexico because it might damage the evolution of democracy there. While I agree that we must support democracy in Mexico, we must not end up supporting a narcodemocracy there. A recent New York Times piece by Tim Golden makes it clear just what the problems we and the Mexicans face from their drug traffickers because of their influence within the country of Mexico. Their strength and influence is all the more reason why we must not back away from certification.  Although it can be a painful process, it forces both countries and their governments to examine their situations. Sometimes the role of a friend is to deliver bad news. Nor do we become the friend of democracy in Mexico by shying away from our duty to the American people. As long as Mexico remains a major producing and transiting country, as long as Mexican authorities cannot or will not take adequate steps to control corruption, we cannot afford to ignore what happens in Mexico.  With these thoughts in mind, I ask you to vote against the Dodd-McCainamendment. But in addition, we were told again, referring to a letter from General McCaffrey, the President's drug czar, about his support for this amendment.  I refer, in closing, to the March 1997 report from the U.S. Department of State, Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs, the International Narcotics Control Strategy Report. This is an annual report, and on page 6, it speaks about the certification process. The last paragraph says: ``The process works.'' This is a document that has been approved by every Government agency that has something to do with the war on drugs. It says, after ``The process works'':       The certification process has proved to be a remarkably      effective diplomatic instrument for keeping all governments      aware of the need to pull their weight in the international      antidrug effort.  I ask unanimous consent that the rest of the paragraph be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       By now, most governments are aware that US law requires the      President to provide an annual assessment of counternarcotics      performance. And most know that the outcome of that      assessment depends heavily on their efforts throughout the      year. The drug certification process holds them publicly      responsible for their actions before their international      peers. Though many governments understandably resent the      process, most governments try to ensure that they receive      full certification the following year. They know that the      President of the United States would not make such a serious      determination without sound, objective evidence. The purpose      of the law is not to punish; it is to hold every country to a      minimum acceptable standard of cooperation, either by meeting      the goals and objectives of the 1988 UN Drug Convention or by      their own efforts. We believe that openness is one of the      best safeguards against corruption. Most governments also      recognize that we are not asking any country to do the      impossible. By regular and sustained collaboration throughout      the year we work with most of the governments concerned to      establish realistic goals for certification purposes. We know      that some governments face greater obstacles than others and      we take that into account.  