 President, we must be sure that we are taking the necessary steps to protect the citizens of our nation by preventing drug traffickers, organized crime and terrorist groups from obtaining the profits of their illegal activities. Much has been done and said about the movement of illegal drugs into the United States or terrorists acts against our country. But the opposite side of the business--getting the profits from drug sales and other illegal enterprises out of the country and back into the hands of the criminal organizations--does not get as much publicity and is just as important.  In an effort to strike another blow to drug traffickers and criminals who prey on our citizens by their ill-gotten gains, today I, in conjunction with Senator D'Amato, am introducing companion legislation to H.R. 1756, the Money Laundering and Financial Crimes Strategy Act of 1997. This legislation will authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Attorney General and other relevant agencies, to coordinate and implement a national strategy to address the exploitation of our Nation's payment systems to facilitate money laundering and related financial crimes. The strategy will enhance and expand the Secretary's authority to ascertain criminal activity directed at our Nation's financial systems, determine the threat posed to the integrity of such systems, and develop regulatory and law enforcement initiatives to respond. The bill will hit the criminals where they feel it the most--in their pocketbooks. By implementing a strategy on a national level, hundreds of communities across our country will no longer be held hostage by these criminal enterprises.  As we know, money laundering involves disguising financial assets so they can be used without detection of the illegal activity that produced them. Through money laundering, the criminal transforms the monetary proceeds derived from the criminal activity into funds with an apparently legal source. Money laundering provides the resources from drug dealers, terrorists, arms dealers, and other criminals to operate and expand their criminal enterprises. Today, experts estimate that money laundering has grown into a $500 billion problem worldwide.  A significant component of this strategy will involve defining specific criminal activity affecting geographic areas, payment systems and financial institutions, that are considered to have a high potential to be abused by criminal organizations. These high risk money laundering zones will then be targeted for specific action, whether it is specific law enforcement operations, preventative efforts to insulate entire payment systems, or industry sectors from being exploited by criminal elements. This legislation will help provide assistance to localities for example, state and local prosecutors and law enforcement officials in the form of federal financial crimes grants to any area designated as a ``High Risk Money Laundering Zone.''  I would also like to thank my colleagues, Senators Dianne Feinstein, Ted Stevens, Tim Hutchinson, Bob Graham, Chuck Hagel, and Lauch Faircloth, for joining in cosponsoring this bi-partisan legislation. Working together, we need to tighten up our financial control capabilities to prevent criminal enterprises from abusing our financial and banking systems. I hope this legislation will be the beginning of a serious effort by Congress to impact the growing threat of money laundering not only to our Nation, but worldwide.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I have a copy of my legislation printed in the Record.  Mr. President, I would like to add Senator Strom Thurmond as cosponsor of that legislation.  