 President, in the spirit of legislation I am sponsoring with Senator Wyden, I want to make something clear. I want to make it a matter of public record that I am putting a hold on the nominations for ambassador of individuals being considered for posts in Bolivia, Haiti, Jamaica, and Belize. I am also asking to be consulted on any unanimous-consent agreements involving the Foreign Service promotion list if it should come up for consideration.  I am taking this step to make it clear to the State Department and the administration that the Congress takes the law seriously. Something the administration appears not to do. Under the law, the administration is required to submit to the Congress on November 1 of each year the names of countries that the administration will certify forcooperation on drugs. Last year, the administration was late in submitting that list. The administration had asked for more time and we gave it to them. Although I believe 6 weeks was pushing it.  The Congress made it clear then, however, that being late was not a precedent. We gave the administration an extra month in law. And they missed that deadline. They asked for more time last year and we gave it to them. We made it clear, though, that giving more time last year was not to become an excuse for being tardy in the future.  This point seems to have gotten lost. This year, again, the administration has not submitted the list as required by the law on the date specified. And there is no indication just when or if it may arrive. This is simply not acceptable. This leisurely approach and irresponsible attitude needs an appropriate response.  It appears we need to get the administration's attention so that they will abide by the law. This needs to be done especially on a law involving drug control issues at a time of rising teenage use. In the spirit, then, of reminding the administration that we in Congress actually do mean the things we say in law, I am putting a hold on these nominations.  The countries in question have been on past lists, and therefore there is a link to my hold now. That hold will remain in place until such time as we receive the list in question. If we do not receive a timely response, I may consider adding to my list of holds.  Let me note, also, that by ``timely response'' I do not mean a request for more time. I mean having the list in hand. The November 1 deadline is not a closely held secret. The fact that the list is due is not an annual surprise. Or it shouldn't be. I hope that the administration will find it possible to comply with the law, late though this response now is. And that they will do the responsible thing in the future. I thank you.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  