  This is an important moment. This bill represents the triumph of the idea that we must get our national accounts in order. This is an idea that Republicans, with the help of many Democrats, have labored for years to put at the top of the national agenda.  Finally, it is close to being done.  As a member of the Finance and Budget Committees, and as a Budget Committee delegate to the conference, I have been deeply involved in the consideration of this bill. And I have been in a position to witness the dedication Senator Roth, Senator Domenici, and Senator Lott hve brought to the difficult task of giving birth to this balanced budget legislation. I want to congratulate them on the success of their efforts.  I would particularly like to thank Chairman Domenici, Chairman Roth, Senator Lott and the other Senate conferees for protecting a number of excellent Senate provisions in the conference committee. Believe me, Madam President, it wasn't easy.  The Medicare portions of the bill will bring about very positive changes in the program.  The bill calls for necessary savings in Medicare, and thereby will help put Medicare, and particularly the Medicare hospital trust fund, on a sounder financial footing. The bill also contains a number of innovations that I think will improve the Medicare Program.  First and foremost is the new Medicare Plus Choice Program, reforming Medicare managed care.  From my perspective, representing the State of Iowa, the inclusion in this bill of a 50-50 local/national blended rate for Medicare managed care reimbursement is extremely important. Also critical is the bill's inclusion of a minimum payment of $367 in 1998, with annual updates thereafter.  The opportunity for additional types of health plans, other than HMO's, to participate in the Medicare Choice Program will open additional opportunities to Medicare beneficiaries. Based upon what I have been hearing from Iowa, I think the reformed payment system and the additional types of plans should truly broaden choice for Medicare beneficiaries in Iowa.  These provisions together should go a long way toward giving Iowans the same kinds of choices Medicare beneficiaries in other parts of the country have.  I also want to thank the chairman and my colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee and the House and Senate conference committees for including many provisions contained in S. 701, legislation I introduced earlier this year regarding Medicare managed care standards. I am especially pleased to see that, beginning in 1998 and annually thereafter, beneficiaries will receive comparative user-friendly chartslisting health plan options in their area. The only way to foster consumer choice and competition is by informing Medicare beneficiaries of their options and their rights under the Medicare Choice Program. The lack of information currently distributed to Medicare beneficiaries is astonishing.  The Medicare conference agreement will ensure that beneficiaries have the information they require to make the right health plan choice for their individual health care needs.  Another important protection for Medicare beneficiaries is a fair appeals process. I have been advocating for an objective review of health plans' decisions to deny care.  I am pleased that the Medicare conference agreement adopted my provisions to provide Medicare beneficiaries increased protections during the appeals process. Now, all Medicare beneficiaries will have the assurance that the Medicare program will provide an independent review of all denials of care by health plans prior to beneficiaries appealing to the Department of Health and Human Services.  This increased protection will hold health plans more accountable in their decision making process regarding medically necessary care and will give beneficiaries greater confidence in Medicare managed care, if they choose this option.  Madam President, I am also very pleased that we have preserved in the conference agreement rural health provisions that I have been working on for several years.  These provisions include:  My Medicare dependent hospitals bill, which will help a large number of rural hospitals in Iowa suffering from negative Medicare margins;  Senator Baucus' bill on critical access rural hospitals, on which Senator Rockefeller and I have been close collaborators;  Reform of the Medicare disproportionate share hospital program, so that deserving hospitals will be treated fairly whether they are located in urban or rural areas----  