 President, my good friend from Illinois, the distinguished Senator, has just spoken. I would just observe that more government isn't necessarily better government, and, also, in the sense of justice more judges do not automatically guarantee better justice.  I can remember from my service, being appointed by the Chief Justice in 1989, I believe it was, to a 2-year study, the only study we have ever had, of the Federal judiciary that we were looking and projecting what number of cases were going to have to be filed over the next couple of decades. The only conclusion you could come to, if those figures were accurate--and, so far, they have been proven to be accurate--is that you could never appoint enough judges to take care of the problems that we are having with the explosion of cases; that you have to look at a lot of other ways. How do you dispense justice in the less-adversarial environment of a courtroom and in the less-costly environment of the courtroom? For instance, what can you do for alternate dispute resolutions? There are a lot of other ways that I as a nonlawyer am not qualified to speak to. But I can tell you that more judges is never going to solve the problem of more cases.  Another area we have to do something about is tort reform, as an example of something that we have to do about the number of cases piling up.  So I just ask my good friend from Illinois to think about those things as well.  I want to respond to some of the comments raised by those who feel that the caseload statistics indicate that filling the 11th seat is necessary. In my view, this is not a fair reading of the caseload numbers.  I point my colleagues' attention to a Washington Times editorial which appeared on October 30, 1995. That editorial considered the question of whether or not the administrative type of cases in the D.C. circuit are really as complicated and so complicated that caseload statistics can be misleading. I would like to quote from that editorial.       Per panel the District of Columbia circuit averages at best      half the dispositions of other circuits. To make a perfectly      reasonable comparison that takes account of the greater      complexity of the cases in the D.C. circuit, then we should      be asking, Is each case in the D.C. circuit on average twice      as complicated as the average case in the other circuits?      That seems unlikely in the extreme.  It seems to me that this point is exactly correct. Granted, the caseload of the circuit is a little different. I grant that.  I agree with the point made in a hearing I held on the District of Columbia circuit in my subcommittee. The point is that other circuits--the second circuit in particular--have a large percentage of complicated cases. In the second circuit, those cases are complex, commercial litigations coming out of New York City. But you do not hear people complaining that the total staffing level of the second circuit should not be determined according to those statistics.  So I believe that complexity of cases in the D.C. circuit is overstated. It really is a nonargument when the number of agency cases has declined by 23 percent in the last year. Moreover, now the District of Columbia circuit has a senior judge. That happens to be a former member of this body, Judge Buckley. Since senior judges must carry at least a one-third caseload, and they typically carry a one-half caseload, it is fair to consider the District of Columbia circuit as having 10\1/2\ judges right now when the ratio says 9\1/2\ judges.  So let's see if what we have works because what we have right now won't cost the taxpayers any more money.  I yield the floor.  