 Industry claims that the new policy would cost an extra $1.3 billion a year to implement. The committee is concerned about that estimate. So the committee asked Mr. Hamre to weigh these factors: ``We ask that you review the proposed changes, consider all public comments, and weigh the costs and benefits to the taxpayers and the Department of Defense before these new procedures are implemented. * * *''  The committee is telling Deputy Secretary Hamre to do more homework before executing the new policy. This letter gave Mr. Hamre the authority he needed to delay beyond the October 1 deadline that was agreed to after our July 22 meeting among Armed Services Committee members. Mr. Hamre parrots the committee's language in hisresponse: ``Consistent with your request, the Department will review the proposed changes, consider all public comments, and weigh the costs and benefits to the taxpayers and the Department of Defense before these new procedures are implemented.''  Mr. President, if I may paraphrase the letter, it says the committee requests a delay, and Mr. Hamre is just complying. I am happy to report that some of the delay may, in fact, be necessary.  Mr. Hamre provides an important piece of new information in the second paragraph of his letter. He says that the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement--and we call that DFARS for short--cannot be issued until January 1998 due to ``statutory administrative actions.'' The DFARS is a key element in the new policy. But the DFARS cannot meet the timetable prescribed under the July 22 agreement that I've referred to.  There are some new procedures under current law. These are spelled out in Public Law 106-121, the Contract With America Advancement Act of 1996.  Unfortunately, no one who put the July agreement together knew anything about the new rules. So if Mr. Hamre says that he needs more time to get the DFARS ready, I can buy that and admit that extra time is needed.  But the final paragraph of his letter gives me heartburn. It makes me nervous. I quote from the final sentence: The new policy, ``which were scheduled to be implemented on October 1, 1997,'' is ``being delayed until January 1998, pending further review and evaluation of the proposed changes.''  Now, that wording bothers me for several reasons. It could be a big loophole to ask for more time so that effectively there is no implementation of the agreement because January 1998 is not as specific as January 1, 1998, and January 1998 ``pending further review'' opens the door for yet more delay. It suggests that January 1998 may not be, in fact, a deadline. It may be passed by, depending on the outcome of the new review. The wording to me is very ambiguous.  The inspector general's letter--remember, the inspector general is to keep all these people over at the Defense Department honest and keep them abiding by the law--the IG's letter that I referred to and have printed in the Record suggests that Mr. Hamre really wanted an open-ended deferral. That is where the game playing may be going on. He may have wanted an indefinite delay. Luckily, the IG put her foot down and said no, that was not possible, that would not be abiding by the agreement, that would not be abiding by the law.  This is what she said:       At a minimum, we believe that Mr. Hamre should establish a      revised implementation date no later than January 1, 1998.  The inspector general wants an unconditional deadline of January 1, 1998--``with no pending further review'' language.  Mr. President, I can understand why the Department of Defense needs more time to jump through new regulatory hoops. But why does the policy itself need further review? More study is the oldest bureaucratic trick in the book--always delay, delay, delay, never make a decision, never make the changes that you don't want to make.  As far as this policy is concerned, this policy has been studied to death. The inspector general and the Pentagon bureaucrats have been wrestling with it since 1991. Isn't it about time to get to the bottom line? There have been countless papers, countless meetings, countless letters, and countless agreements, including the one of July 22. I was a party to that, and I don't want to be hoodwinked by my colleagues. I don't want to be hoodwinked by Mr. Hamre, who was there at that meeting and said he would get this job done.  Every possible issue has been addressed. Every point and counterpoint has been weighed and reweighed. There is nothing else to weigh. It gets down to the bottom line, Mr. President, that the law of the land is the law of the land and the law that the current policy violates. In other words, what we are trying to get straightened around is section 1301 of title 31 of the U.S. Code, and this was enacted on March 3, 1809--this law that says that you can't spend money without the approval of the Congress of the United States, and it's a felony to do it. It has to be abided by or the power of the purse of the Congress means zilch.  So, Mr. President, that was in 1809, 200 years ago. It's a law that has withstood the test of time, and it seems that DOD needs to get on the stick and obey the law once and for all. But, most importantly, as far as this Senator is personally concerned, at that July 22 meeting there was an agreement, and I expect people who want you to believe they are honest to keep their word.  I yield the floor.  