 President, today was a landmark day for the American people in hearings before two Senate committee on which I serve.  As chairman of the Special Committee on Aging and the request of my colleague, Senator Shelby, I assembled several panels to raise the awareness of the second-leading cause of cancer death for men: prostate cancer.  In the Finance Committee, we opened up 3 days of unprecedented oversight hearings into systemic abuses of power by the Internal Revenue Service.  The telephones were ringing off the hook in my office as these hearings were underway. That's how much these issues struck a chord with the American people.  And suddenly, the hearings were canceled. Why? Was it a national emergency? The death of a colleague? An international crisis? Hardly.  Instead, the Democratic leadership used the Senate rules to shut down the public's business.  They shut down important policy debates on prostate cancer and IRS abuses. And that's only in the two committees I was involved with. Other committees were affected.  What's apparently more important to the Democratic leadership than these issues is a partisan political issue in Louisiana. It's an issue involving campaign irregularities in a campaign in Louisiana involving one of our colleagues.  Certainly, this is an important issue, although political. But is it important enough to systematically close down the public's business?  The hearing before the Committee on Aging this morning was called at the urging of Senator Shelby. He is a prostate cancer survivor. The hearing was designed literally to help save lives.  This year alone 335,000 American men will be diagnosed with prostate cancer. The ranking member of the Committee on Aging--Senator Breaux--and I worked to put together a healthy policy debate about treatment options.  This productive debate, a debate that could help save lives, was cut short this morning because of politically motivated maneuvering through Senate rules. We were therefore unable to engage in a full debate about when to screen and how to treat prostate cancer.  Among the 10 witnesses scheduled to testify this morning was the distinguished former Senate majority leader Bob Dole. I'm happy we were able to hear his statement before the shutdown.  Senator Dole's testimony this morning was his first official event on Capitol Hill since he left the Senate in June 1996.  No better way, in my view, to get the message out.  Today, I think this legislative body would be well-served to remember the productive, bi-partisan leadership of Senator Dole. The people's business was always Bob Dole's first concern as he presided over the work of the Senate for many years.  The second very important effort stopped by this maneuvering today was landmark hearings of the Finance Committee to expose the excesses and abuses of the American taxpayer at the hands of the Internal Revenue Service.  The fair-minded and very capable chairman, Senator Roth, spent 8 months preparing these hearings to talk about the specific problems and to consider specific solutions on how the IRS can be restructured to work for taxpayers, not against them and at the expense of the civil liberties of individual Americans.  All of this was disrupted by the Democratic leadership who put petty politics ahead of the public's health. I'm very disappointed. And I wouldn't be surprised to learn of the public's disappointment as well.  The Democratic leadership needs to explain to the American people why partisan politics seems more important than No. 1: raising the awareness of the second-leading cause of cancer death for men, prostate cancer. No. 2: exposing abuse and mistreatment of hardworking taxpayers at the hands of the IRS.  If you don't like the investigation into campaign irregularities in Louisiana, fine. But should the priorities of the American people be shoved aside for the partisan concerns of a political party? I don't think so.  