 President, I support fair trade because trading creates jobs in America. A billion dollars worth of trade creates 18,000 jobs. Those jobs pay 15 percent above the national average of jobs in America. In my State of Iowa, corporations that export pay 32 percent higher benefits than corporations that don't export. If we are going to continue to grow as a Nation, we are going to have to be able to export more to create good paying jobs in America.  Why do we, from time to time as a Congress, give the President authority to negotiate trade agreements? The power to regulate interstate and foreign commerce is very clearly a power given to the Congress by the Constitution. It is one of the 17 explicit powers mentioned in the Constitution. Congress guards its constitutional authority very carefully.  But we have found that it is very difficult for Congress, made up of 535 men and women, to negotiate with 132 different countries who are part of the GATT process. Congress, for the large part, can't even negotiate agreements among its own Members a lot of times. So you can see the difficulty of Congress as a body reaching an agreement with foreign countries on how to reduce barriers.  So from time to time under very strict guidelines we delegate some of our negotiating authority to the President. But we don't do it in a willy-nilly fashion. We do it with safeguards to make sure that Congress' constitutional power to regulate interstate and foreign commerce is protected. And we do it for a short period of time. We also keep the power to deny the President the ability to negotiate with a specific country, if we don't want the President to do that. We make sure that the President and his people consult with Congress on a very regular basis so that we know what is going on, but more important, so the negotiators know what Congress wants negotiated or doesn't want negotiated to ensure the negotiations reflect the will of Congress. Then, obviously, nothing can become the law of our Nation if it is not passed by the Congress of the United States and signed by the President of the United States.  So we are very cautious in giving the power to negotiate. But we do it for two reasons: First, it is very impractical for Congress to negotiate with foreign countries, and quite frankly it is something that the President does on a regular basis on a lot of foreign policy issues. But more important we have seen opportunities for America's economic expansion happen because we have reduced barriers to trade since World War II. We have a track record of knowing our economy can expand when we export. We have a track record of knowing that jobs are created if we export. And we have a track record of knowing that those jobs that do export pay very good wages.  So we start with the proposition that we want to have an expanding economy, that we want to create jobs and we want to create good jobs because that has been the track record of expanding foreign trade over the last 50 years. We move forward with confidence, giving this President, as we have given Republican and Democrat Presidents in the past, the authority to negotiate trade agreements. And we are confident that the workers and consumers of America will benefit as a result of giving the President this negotiating authority.  We have seen barriers to trade around the world reduced from an average of 40 percent 50 years ago to an average of 5 percent today. Those are tariff figures. We have seen still, countries have higher barriers to trade--both tariff and nontariff trade barriers--than what we have in the United States. They are up here and we are down here. So it is a given. It is common sense, the extent to which the President can get these other countries to reduce their tariff and nontariff barriers to trade to a level equal to or closer to ours, it levels the playing field for our people, both large and small business, and that will create opportunities to export and enhance the economic well-being of our country.  So I rise strongly in support of S. 1269, the Reciprocal Trade Agreement Act of 1997, and I urge my colleagues to vote aye on further motions to proceed and to take up the bill. Mr. President,this debate is long overdue. The President has lacked the authority to negotiate trade agreements since the completion of the Uruguay round agreements in 1994.  Since then, the United States has, as far as I am concerned, relinquished its leadership role that we have had over the last 50 or 60 years in international trade issues. And the rest of the world will not wait for a long period of time for the United States to act but will move on without us.  This bill will restore the United States to its rightful position as the world's leader in international trade. If nothing else, it's going to reassert the moral authority of the United States to be a leader in fair trade negotiations around the world, as we have been for the last 60 years.  Since the original reciprocal trade agreements of 1934, the United States has taken this leadership role in reducing barriers to trade. We learned from the Smoot-Hawley legislation, we learned from the Great Depression of the 1930's, and we learned from the results of World War II that protectionism is not only bad economically, it's bad from the standpoint of promoting peace throughout the world. As I said, in the period of time since the United States started this process of reducing barriers to trade--not only our own barriers, but other barriers in other countries--we have seen global tariffs drop from an average of over 40 percent to about 4 or 5 percent today. This dramatic opening of world markets has led to an explosion of economic growth since World War II, and the United States has been the primary beneficiary of this growth.  American workers are the most productive, highest paid workers in the world. American companies produce the highest quality products, and American consumers have more choices of goods and pay less of their income on necessities, such as food, than consumers anywhere else in the world. These are the benefits of fair trade agreements.  Americans have enjoyed these benefits only because, through U.S. leadership, we have convinced other countries that freeing up trade and leveling the playing field for everybody is critical to economic growth, not only in our country, but around the world. And we have led by example. We have lowered our own tariffs to show our willingness to trade with the rest of the world, and to show that trade is beneficial to workers as well as consumers and not something to be feared. This bill reestablishes the United States in this leadership role.  This bill will allow the United States to continue on the path of economic growth and prosperity, and will show the way for other countries as well. Free and fair trade creates jobs--stable, high-paying jobs. Exports support more than 11 million jobs in our country. These jobs, as I have said before, pay 15 percent higher wages than other jobs. In my own State, exporting companies have 32 percent higher benefits than nonexporting corporations.  Trade is a major component of the economic growth of even the most recent decade. It is estimated that exports, as a share of gross domestic product, grew by 39 percent and accounted for nearly 50 percent of the total U.S. economic growth between the years 1986 and 1992. This year, total U.S. trade will be 30 percent of our total GDP. These statistics show that trade is important to this country. It's important to the well-being of our economy.  This bill will allow the United States to maintain its competitive advantage in the global economy. Trade negotiating authority is necessary to remove barriers to our exports and, hopefully, some day remove all remaining barriers to our exports. These barriers are taking money out of the pockets of American farmers and workers. But without this bill, the rest of the world will continue to raise barriers to our products. We will remain on the sidelines--where we have basically been since 1994.  Since trade negotiating authority expired back then, over 20 major trade agreements have been consummated. The United States was not a party to any of them. Do the opponents of this bill believe that other countries are looking out for the interests of the United States when negotiating these agreements? We had an opportunity to be at the table. Of course, nobody is going to look out for the interests of the United States, except our U.S. negotiators. We in the Congress are going to see that they look out for those interests. We can deny the President's authority to negotiate with a specific country. We will consult with the President of the United States on a regular basis on how those negotiations are going, and advise the President on what should be negotiated. Finally, we have an opportunity to enact the final product of any negotiations.  Now, I said that we have had 20 agreements negotiated, where the United States was not a party. But I can show in some of those negotiations where U.S. economic interests--and maybe humanitarian and nonpolitical interests, or political interests have also been hurt.  Chile is a good example of what we have sacrificed by not having trade negotiating authority. In 1992, President Clinton promised Chile that it would be part of the North American Free Trade Agreement. Five years later, Chile has a free trade agreement with Canada and with Mexico--the other two partners of the North American Free Trade Agreement--but not with the United States. Chile is an associate member of the MERCOSUR countries, which is a trading block composed of Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay, and Uruguay. Yet, Chile is still not a member of NAFTA. You might say, so what; you don't like NAFTA and you are applauding. But in the process, American workers and farmers are beginning to feel the consequences of this inaction.  An American company recently lost a $200 million telecommunication contract to a Canadian company that enjoys preferential treatment under its trade agreement with Chile.  American farmers currently supply 90 percent of Chile's free grain imports. Those are exports from states like Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska, and Illinois. But our biggest competitors for this market, Argentina and Brazil, enjoy an 11-percent tariff advantage over American farmers. And whether or not we are going to continually supply feed grains to Chile--it is only a matter of time before we lose this important agricultural market. What will the opponents of this legislation say to the farmers of their State and the workers of their State when these workers and these farmers lose their jobs and lose income because this market is lost because we have an 11-percent disadvantage? This bill allows us to compete for these markets once again.  The economic benefits of trade negotiating authority are very clear. But let's remember that trade is also an important foreign policy initiative. Free and fair trade is humanitarian, as well as it is economic. Free and fair trade promotes liberty and freedom around the world. This bill is going to help increase the standard of living of our trading partners and, with it, enhance the stability of their political and economic systems. And when you enhance the political and economic systems, you open the door, through trade, for the United States to export its democratic principles of liberty and freedom. We are seeing enhancement of these institutions in countries where freedom and liberty was foreign to a lot of people. Economic intercourse opens the way, opens the door; it is a window of opportunity for other things that we in America believe in, which you can't put a dollar and cents value on. We know that when Americans travel overseas, when we enhance our business opportunities with other countries, this sort of rubbing shoulders with people of other countries has benefits that go way beyond just the dollars and cents of free and fair trade.  The people we trade with experience American values through the goods they purchase and the relationships they form when trading with us. In time, it is likely that they will insist that their own government uphold these values as well. We have seen it happen in Latin America, Eastern Europe, and someday--I am optimistic--we will see it happen in China.  Many scholars believe that a country must attain a certain standard of living and economic stability before democracy can even begin. Trade, and not foreign aid, is the mutually preferred method of achieving economic growth and economic stability, which is a forerunner of political stability.  Since 1986, I have hosted, on six different occasions during the month of August in my State, week-long tours of Iowa by foreign embassy ambassadors. In other words, the embassies here in Washington, DC, send their ambassadors and/or trade representatives. I hear from these people coming to my State of Iowa, again and again, from these international guests, that a mutually beneficial and healthy trade relationship is much preferred over foreign aid from the U.S. Government. While foreign aid can be fleeting, trade builds and expands economies. This, in turn, fuels the democratization process. So this bill helps our trading partners help themselves.  Mr. President, the opponents of this bill want to turn back the clock. They prefer a time when this country could afford to be isolationist, when we could consume all in America that we produce, and we didn't have to worry about exports, and when economic growth could be sustained then by domestic production alone.  Reminiscing about those past days may make for good political rhetoric. But that sort of rhetoric is dangerous because it simply ignores the economic facts of today's world. They ignore the benefits beyond economics that come from trade. Because, like it or not, we are in a global economy. Our jobs and standards of living have become to some degree dependent on trade with other countries. We can't afford to build walls around this country, and we can't afford to turn inward. If the United States were to do that, other countries would do it as well. And that could be dangerous. I just saw a quote recently, that I believe to be accurate. ``If merchandise is not going to cross borders, soldiers will.'' It is a preventive of war. It is a promotion of peace when we trade.  We must lead. We still have all the advantages: A highly skilled, educated work force; we have technology, capital, and, most important, a sense of entrepreneurship that not only benefits America, but when this is promoted around the world, it is going to benefit all of the economies of the world. We also have the most stable economic and political system the world has ever known. The United States has the most to gain by leading and the most to lose by sitting on the sidelines.  This bill is the first step back into reasserting our moral authority to lead in leveling the playing field in international trade, an authority that we have exercised since the 1930's.  Mr. President, I want to remind my colleagues that the question is not whether future trade negotiations will occur. They are happening right now under our very noses between countries all over the world. I have cited 20 specific examples since 1992. Rather, the question is whether the United States will be at the negotiating table protecting the interests of our citizens for the good of this country and for the good of the world.  This legislation must become law.  I yield the floor.  