 President, almost 7 months ago, my colleague and I, Senator John Breaux, introduced S. 757, legislation identical to H.R. 1377. This legislation--the Savings Are Vital to Everyone's Retirement Act or SAVER is now ready for passage in the Senate and ultimately signature of the President. While it took a little longer than I had hoped--it is still a timely and vital piece of legislation.  When I introduced the bill back in May, I cited some statistics on the dismal level of savings by individuals in this country. I said that only about one-third of American workers had calculated how much they will need to save by retirement in order to maintain their standard of living. I said that workers in the 40's to the early 50's had seen their savings levels drop by 6 percent from 1988 to 1994.  Well, these kinds of numbers are very consistent with new data recently released by the Employee Benefit Research Institute in its annual Retirement Confidence Survey. Slightly more than one-third of the people surveyed in 1997 have even tried to determine how much they need to save by retirement. Only 27 percent of Americans had an idea of what they would need to accumulate in order to retire and maintain their standard of living.  And people are very afraid. A recent poll by USA Today indicated that 49 percent of people are afraid of not having enough money for retirement.  Clearly, people need help in learning how to achieve a secure retirement. The SAVER bill which is now before the Senate, will do that. The SAVER Act will direct the Department of Labor to maintain an ongoing public education campaign about the need to save for retirement. This campaign will include a broad scope of initiatives including public service announcements, covering public meetings, and crating and disseminating educational materials.  Education has proven to be a powerful motivator for people to pay attention to their retirement savings. According to the Retirement Confidence Survey, of those employees who were provided educational programs and materials about the company pension plan, 45 percent said that it led them to begin contributing to the plan. Furthermore, 49 percent said that the educational programs and materials led them to reallocate their money among investment options offered.  The Department of Labor already has a good start on a public education initiative; this legislation will ensure that public education will continue beyond the current administration because this is a problem that will not go away.  The second important piece of this legislation is the creation of a national event--a national summit on retirement savings at the White House. This summit will be a truly bipartisan event--hosted by both the executive and congressional branch. The summit will bring together more than 200 experts in the field of pensions and retirement savings, elected officials, and representatives from the private sector and the public--all with the goal of raising the profile of the importance of saving and identifying barriers to saving and pension formation.  The first national summit will be held in the summer of 1998--just a short time from now. We will be able to get the summit organized due in large part to the groundwork already laid by a very effective group--the American Savings Education Council or ASEC. ASEC is unique in its origins and its mission. Its membership is made up of public and private sector employers financial, educational, and service organizations; and government agencies.  The organization is committed to helping individuals understand what they need to do to prepare for retirement and to encourage savings for the future. ASEC has already made appearances in towns around the country to talk about retirement planning and has distributed a logical choice for a private partner to work with the public sector lead--the Department of Labor--to get the national summit on track for 1998.  I would like to commend Congressmen Harris Fawell and Donald Payne for introducing this legislation in the House. The support they generated was an important part of the successful consideration of this bill. I also want to acknowledge the cosponsors in the Senate--Senator Kerry, Senator Kyl, Senator Hagel, Senator Tim Hutchinson, Senator Robb, Senator Collins, and Senator Cochran.  Today's workers need to be prepared for retirement--private savings can help minimize the risk that they will spend down their employers's 401(k) or count on more pension benefits than they will actually receive from their employer. Or, help prepare for the costs of medical care through long-term care insurance--that is an expense that worries many of today's retirees and their children. As we prepare for debate over the future of public retirement programs we must not overlook the role that private savings and an employer-based pension will play. The Government should play role in encouraging individuals to acquire knowledge that will help them achieve a secure standard of living when they are no longer able to work--SAVER is a critical first step in helping people achieve their hopes for retirement.  