  My amendment is simple and straightforward.  It says that each disbursement made by the DOD over $1 million must be matched with the correct obligation before payment is made.  It also says that this threshold must be met by June 30, 1998.  This is the next, logical step in a process that began with section 8137 of the fiscal year 1995 DOD Appropriations Act.  My amendment is fully consistent with the policy first adopted in 1994.  This policy has been developed under the leadership of my friend from Alaska, Senator Stevens, and my friend from Hawaii, Senator Inouye.  This policy has been incorporated in the last three appropriations bills--fiscal years 1995, 1996, and 1997.  The policy is embodied in section 8106 of the current law.  The current law says that all disbursements over $3 million must be prematched. That's down from $5 million the previous year.  What we are trying to do is gradually ratchet down the dollar thresholds. I think there is a general consensus for cranking down the thresholds. The DOD inspector general [IG], Ms. Eleanor Hill, has said we need to do it.  This is what she said in a letter to the committee Chairman:       We agree with the plan to continue lowering the dollar      threshold for prevalidation of all contract payments made by      DOD.  Mr. Richard Keevey, Director of the Defense Finance and Accounting Service [DFAS] has said exactly the same thing but in stronger terms.  This is what Mr. Keevey said in testimony before the Governmental Affairs Committee on May 1:       To prevent future problem disbursements, the department      will require that every disbursement be prevalidated, that      is, matched to an obligation before payment is made. . . .      Our ultimate goal is to validate all disbursements to zero.  DOD has a plan for meeting the dollar thresholds set in law.  There is one small problem, however. The problem is at DOD's major contract payment center at Columbus, OH. DOD says the Columbus center cannot meet the $1 million threshold until June 1999. When we launched this policy back in 1994, DOD claimed it would be years before it could make the required matches.  Well, despite all the bureaucratic roadblocks, DOD found a way to get the job done. DOD is making the matches today.  Second, meeting the $1 million threshold should be no big deal.  With all of DOD's cutting edge technology, it should be a piece of cake. DFAS Columbus processes no more than 11,000 payments annually that exceed the $1 million threshold.  That's chicken feed, Madam President.  Banks, for example, routinely handle 500,000 account matching operations in a single day. So why can't DOD do it? DOD seems to be working hard to meet the dollar thresholds mandated by Congress. I feel like the momentum is in the right direction.  But recent GAO and IG audits clearly indicate we still have a long way to go. There's still much more work to be done.  My amendment will help to keep the pressure on. It will help the Department reach the ultimate goal: to validate every disbursement prior to payment.  Until we reach that goal, DOD's financial accounts will remain vulnerable to theft and abuse.  Madam President, I thank the chairman and ranking minority member for their leadership and support on this issue.  