 President, troubling facts continue to surface in the FBI crime lab issue. These facts are putting flesh on the bones of allegations that much of the lab's analysis is sloppy, not credible, fabricated, or all of the above.  The FBI has charged that these allegations are unfounded, and that they are the musings of one Dr. Frederic Whitehurst. Dr. Whitehurst has come forward as a whistleblower with serious charges against the lab and its management. The FBI chose to shoot the messenger instead of taking Dr. Whitehurst seriously.  After a year of studying Dr. Whitehurst's claims and his information, I was not so sure the FBI took the wise course. Then, after a private briefing by the Justice Department's inspector general on his investigation into these matters, I was even more convinced that the FBI has taken the wrong course. And now that the FBI has taken personnel action against Dr. Whitehurst in retaliation for his telling the truth, I am convinced that the Bureau is dead wrong.  The FBI's defense--some would say coverup--is slowly unraveling. Last week, we discovered that it wasn't just Dr. Whitehurst that has raised serious concerns. Another respected scientist, Dr. William Tobin, had raised equally serious allegations in 1989. He alleged that an FBI agent tampered with evidence and made a series of false statements while testifying in court proceedings against then-Judge Alcee L.Hastings. I discussed this before this body on February 26, Mr. President.  The FBI covered up this matter. There may be a missing document. Last week, at my request, the Attorney General ordered that the FBI not be involved in the investigation. The investigation has been given instead to the IG. This is because there are major questions about the FBI's ability to police itself. The Attorney General gets much credit for recognizing the potential conflict involved when the FBI investigates these issues.  In the past 2 weeks, two additional cases--in addition to the Alcee Hastings case--appear to reveal similar improper behavior by FBI agents testifying in Federal cases. If it sounds to you like a pattern is developing, Mr. President, you have been paying close attention. Up to now, the FBI's denials had been set in concrete. What you are hearing now is the sound of concrete cracking.  Thus far, the IG has had remarkable success keeping the draft report under wraps. But a few press stories about its contents have been popping out. Last week, the Miami Herald ran a story about a Florida case reviewed by the IG. In that 1988 case, George Trepal was convicted of murdering his neighbor by poisoning her soft drink. Mr. Trepal was sentenced to death, and is still on death row.  But as the Herald reports, the testimony of evidence linking Mr. Trepal to this murder may have been tainted by an FBI lab supervisor. The supervisor may not have had adequate scientific support to identify the poison as he did. If the Herald is correct, this is another example of the problems found in the Hastings case.  And now there's a third case, Mr. President. The Associated Press reported yesterday that the IG found similar problems in the VANPAC case. That is the case involving the 1991 conviction of Walter Leroy Moody for the murder of U.S. Circuit Judge Robert Vance and Georgia civil rights attorney Robert Robinson. It was Justice Department attorney Louis J. Freeh who prosecuted the case.  Before I get into the specifics of the FBI's wrongdoing apparently uncovered by the IG in this case, let me provide some context.  More than a year before the bombing tragedy in Oklahoma City, Director Freeh and his general counsel, Howard Shapiro, had been fully briefed about Dr. Whitehurst's allegations of misconduct within the lab. They were aware of Whitehurst's charges of a systemic quality control breakdown in the lab.  On February 7, 1994, Whitehurst's attorney wrote to Mr. Shapiro informing him of the sensitive nature of the allegations, and how a thousand cases could be affected. Whitehurst asked that a special, independent, or outside counsel review the matters.  But the FBI chose another course. It did not empanel an independent review. Instead, the matter was assigned to two attorneys within the Office of the general counsel. They reported directly to Mr. Shapiro and Mr. Freeh.  No scientist was placed in the decisionmaking chain of command. Mr. Freeh, in conjunction with his attorneys, decided they could perform a diligent and thorough internal investigation. Mr. Shapiro's exact words in his February 14 reply--and remember these words, Mr. President, because I intend to refer to them liberally in the future--his exact words were, ``The FBI has a long and proud history of performing diligent and thorough internal investigations.''  What is amazing to me is that neither Mr. Freeh nor Mr. Shapiro recused himself from the decisionmaking role with respect to the review. After all, they had prosecuted one of the cases--the VANPAC case--in which Dr. Whitehurst alleged misconduct had occurred.  In other words, nonscientists with a conflict of interest assumed the authority to review significant allegations of scientific and evidentiary misconduct that could affect hundreds, if not thousands of cases.  I have now obtained a redacted copy of the results of that review, headed by Mr. Freeh and Mr. Shapiro. The findings and recommendations were approved by both.  The first thing they did was fire at the messenger. On the very first page, the FBI notes that Dr. Whitehurst could be disciplined for providing information about the lab's misconduct to Congress.  You see, Mr. President, providing information to Congress--and I'm quoting the FBI--``violates FBI and DOJ regulations.'' Were you aware, Mr. President, that FBI and DOJ regulations override the first amendment guarantee of the people's right to petition Congress? If I could anticipate your response, Mr. President, neither was I.  The second issue: During this 1994 review, Mr. Freeh and Mr. Shapiro learned that the lab ``would not meet minimal accreditation standards.'' The report notes that it was ``incredulous that the premiere forensic laboratory in the world'' was ``not accredited.''  Instead of asking how the failure to reach minimal accreditation standards had impacted on past cases, or might impact on future cases, the FBI took a different course. The FBI concluded, ``no further investigation or action'' was needed.  In other words, rather than evaluating the potentially serious ramifications of the FBI's failure to meet minimal accreditation standards, the Bureau circled the wagons and whitewashed the problem. They set up a committee to come up with a timetable for accreditation. That was 3 years ago. Now, the Bureau tells us they'll be accredited in 18 months from now. And if you believe that, Mr. President--  This brings me back to the VANPAC matter. As I mentioned, Mr. Freeh had been the lead prosecutor on that case. He got national recognition. Mr. Shapiro was his cocounsel. Larry Potts--of Ruby Ridge infamy--was the FBI's case agent.  Dr. Whitehurst had alleged that there were problems with the evidence in the VANPAC case. Despite the clear conflict, Mr. Freeh and Mr. Shapiro did not recuse themselves. They recused themselves about a year and a half later--in September 1995. But at this point in time--February 1994--they kept themselves at the top of the investigation into misconduct in that case.  Instead of using real scientists to independently review the evidence--as the IG did, by the way--Mr. Freeh and Mr. Shapiro used their own subordinates. And what was their conclusion after reviewing the VANPAC allegations, Mr. President? ``Whitehurst's allegations are not supported by any facts.'' That's what it says in their report.  Now we have a new account--by the Associated Press--that gives us an insight into what the IG found in VANPAC. And it seems to conflict with the FBI's interpretation. Remember, the IG followed up on Dr. Whitehurst's suggestion, and did an independent review. And, the IG went out and recruited five of the world's most renowned lab scientists for his investigation. In other words, the IG did a proper review.  According to the AP, the IG report states that ``a lab witness overstated test results during the trial.'' And that's not all. Let me quote further from the AP story: ``In addition to overstated testimony in VANPAC, the report found the lab lacked databases to support its conclusions, used unvalidated tests, lacked written test procedures, inadequately documented why it discounted test results that undercut its conclusions and lacked any record for some tests.''  Now, this is interesting if true, Mr. President. Because less than 2 months ago, on January 23, Mr. Freeh told his deputy, Weldon Kennedy, ``Based upon the VANPAC allegations investigated by the Office of the Inspector General [OIG], and despite their findings that none of the allegations regarding VANPAC are substantiated, I have decided to recuse myself from any of the Whitehurst-related disciplinary or administrative matters contained in the OIG report regarding the FBI laboratory.''  Mr. President, I'm not sure whose version is correct--Director Freeh's or the AP's. But if this AP story is correct, this is the second time Mr. Freeh has been misleading on what's in the IG report. On February 26 I pointed out on this floor Mr. Freeh's other discrepancy. He said he had been unaware of the Tobin memo: Remember, he's the other scientist I referred to earlier who lodged complaints. I questioned how he could possibly say that when the IG report containing the Tobin allegations had been on his desk for a full month.  In sum, Mr. President, we're beginning to see some patterns that back up Dr. Whitehurst, and contradict Mr. Freeh and the FBI. First, other scientists have surfaced with allegations--not just Dr. Whitehurst. Second, it appears that three cases reviewed by the IG found misconduct and/or sloppiness.  When I was growing up back on the farm in Iowa, we had a saying. If you reach into a barrel of apples for the first time and pull out a bad one, the chances are pretty good there's more bad apples in there. Maybe a barrel-full of bad apples.  So far, based on press reports, that's three bad apples--three out of three. Those are pretty high odds.  What's to be done? Director Freeh made a big splash yesterday announcing a new way to handle internal reviews of alleged criminal behavior and misconduct. He will increase the number of people working on such reviews from 30 to 60.  The Director doesn't seem to get it, Mr. President. The issue is that the FBI can't police itself. Doubling the number of self-policers won't change the bottom line. Zero times two is still zero.  I'm beginning to think those 60 slots are a lot better off--from the taxpayers' point of view--being moved to the IG instead. And I intend to discuss this with my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee.  The FBI does not have a long and proud history of self-policing notwithstanding what Mr. Shapiro leads us to believe. Look at Ruby Ridge. That case certainly doesn't inspire confidence in the FBI's ability to self-examine.  Mr. President, I believe the American people are being mislead by the FBI on the problems we're seeing in its crime lab. And all that does is continue the erosion of confidence the people have in the FBI.  It's time the Bureau stopped its narcissistic infatuation with its own image. It's time to stop selling an inferior product with false advertising. The American people deserve from its chief law enforcement agency a product with integrity. They deserve an FBI that does what it would have you believe it does. This is an issue of leadership. Quite frankly, I am beginning to join the ranks of those whose confidence in the Bureau's leadership is diminishing.  Mr. President, I yield the floor. I do not see any other Members ready to speak, so I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Enzi). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  