  I share his concerns that while there are so many worthwhile programs covered by this legislation, we are unfortunately constrained by limited resources.  As chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, I am especially concerned about one item in the bill--the recommended appropriation for the National Institute on Aging.  As baby boomers shoulder their way into the 21st century, nearly 35 million Americans will be age 65 or older, compared to just 3.1 million at the start of this century. This tremendous growth is due in large part to better living standards as well as this Nation's commitment to medical research. As a result of past research investments we now have new and more effective treatments for arthritis, high blood pressure, stroke, and other diseases.  But as you know, many critical challenges remain--not the least of which is the scourge of Alzheimer's disease.  Alzheimer's disease and related disorders present one of the greatest threats to the health and economic security of the generation that will enter retirement in the 21st century. It has already stricken 4 million Americans. And if left unchecked, 14 million will fall victim to Alzheimer's by the middle of the next century. It will defeat all of our best efforts in Congress and as a nation to control health care costs and assure the quality of health care in general.  I know that the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee shares my concern. As in my State of Iowa, his home State has a high proportion of elderly.  I note that this legislation recommends $520.7 million for the National Institute on Aging. While that represents an increase over this year's funding and the House level, the rate of increase is below the average increase to NIH as a whole.  I would like to ask the distinguished chairman that he keep in mind the importance of adequate funding of the National Institute on Aging. The challenges, and the opportunities, surrounding our aging population have never been greater.  