 President, today, on behalf of myself, Senator Conrad, Senator Dorgan, and Senator Hollings, I am introducing two bills. If enacted, these bills would increase access to primary care for Medicare beneficiaries in rural and inner-city communities. The Primary Care Health Practitioner Incentive Act of 1997 would reform Medicare reimbursement to nurse practitioners [NP's] and clinical nurse specialists [CNS's]. The Physician Assistant Incentive Act of 1997 would reform Medicare reimbursement for physician assistants. We introduced these bills in the last three Congresses. We are reintroducing them today to improve access to primary care services for Medicare beneficiaries, particularly in rural and underserved areas. This legislation would reform Medicare policies which, under certain circumstances, restrict reimbursement for services delivered by these providers. Similar measures are included in the President's Medicare proposal and were part of the Balanced Budget Act of 1995.  The Medicare Program currently covers the services of these practitioners. However, payment levels vary depending on treatment settings and geographic area. In most cases, reimbursement may not be made directly to the nonphysician provider. Rather, it must be made to the employer of the provider, often a physician. The legislation authorizing these different reimbursement arrangements was passed in an incremental fashion over the years.  The Medicare law, which authorizes reimbursement of these providers, is also inconsistent with State law in many cases. For instance, in Iowa, State law requires nonphysicians to practice with either a supervising physician or a collaborating physician. However, under Iowa law, the supervising physician need not be physically present in the same facility as the nonphysician practitioner and, in many instances, can be located in a different site from that of the nonphysician practitioner he or she is supervising.  Unfortunately, Medicare policy will not recognize such relationships. Instead, the law requires that the physician be present in the same building as the nonphysician practitioner in order for the services of these nonphysician providers to be reimbursed. This is known as the incident to provision, referring to services that are provided incident to a physician's services.  This has created a problem in Iowa, Mr. President. In many parts of my State, clinics have been established using nonphysician practitioners, particularly physician assistants, to provide primary health care services in communities that are unable to recruit a physician. The presence of these practitioners insures that primary health care services will be available to the community. Iowa's Medicare carrier has strictly interpreted the incident to requirement of Medicare law as requiring the physical presence of a supervising physician in places where physician assistants practice. This has caused many of the clinics using physician assistants to close, and thus has deprived the community of primary health care services.  Mr. President, in 1995 the Iowa Hospital Association suggested a number of ways to improve access and cost effectiveness in the Medicare Program. One of their suggestions was that this incident to restriction be relaxed. They said:       In rural Iowa, most physicians are organized in solo or      small group practices. Physician assistants are used to      augment these practices. With emergency room coverage      requirements, absences due to vacation, continuing education      or illness and office hours in satellite clinics, there are      instances on a monthly basis where the physician assistant is      providing care to patients without a physician in the clinic.      Medicare patients in the physician clinic where the physician      assistant is located have to either wait for the physician to      return from the emergency room or care is provided without      this provision.  If enacted, this legislation would establish a more uniform payment policy for these providers. It would authorize reimbursement of their services as long as they were practicing within State law and their professional scope of practice. It calls for reimbursement of these provider groups at 85 percent of the physician fee schedule for services they provide in all treatment settings and in all geographic areas. Where it is permitted under State law, reimbursement would be authorized even if these nonphysician providers are not under the direct, physical supervision of a physician.  Currently, the services of these nonphysician practitioners are paid at 100 percent of the physician's rate when provided ``incident to'' a physician's services. If enacted, this legislation would discontinue this ``incident to'' policy. Medicare reimbursement would now be provided directly to the nurse practitioners and clinical nurse specialists and it would be provided to the employer of the physician assistant. These bills also call for a 10-percent bonus payment when these practitioners work in health professional shortage areas [HPSA's]. Senator Conrad and I believe these provisions will encourage nonphysician practitioners to relocate in areas in need of health care services.  Mr. President, legislation closely paralleling these bills we are introducing today is being introduced this week in the House by Representatives NancyJohnson and Ed Towns. In addition, these provisions are included in the President's Medicare proposal. Historically, this legislation has received bipartisan support in both Houses. Comparable legislation was included in the Balanced Budget Act of 1995, as well as several other health care measures in previous Congresses. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  