 President, I rise today to introduce a bipartisan effort to relieve the estate tax burden on the American family. I want to thank the other original cosponsors and particularly the Majority Leader. Estate tax relief is on the respective top ten legislative objective lists of both parties. It is my honor to lead the effort for my party. I think that estate tax reform will happen in this Congress. Therefore, I encourage my colleagues to associate themselves with our bipartisan legislation. It doubtlessly will become the focus of the estate tax reform efforts in the Senate efforts. The list of original cosponsors already includes Senators Baucus, Lott, Breaux, Nickles, Murkowski, Kerrey, Hagel, Torricelli, Landreiu, and Mr. Hutchinson.  I will go about this introductory statement in two steps. First, I am going to discuss the importance of this legislation to my state of Iowa. Then, I will make some remarks about the specific provisions of the bill.  In nearly every area of my state and the nation, we saw in the past decade estate tax ultimately confiscate many family farms. For example, in 1981, the children of two family farmers in Hancock County, Iowa, inherited tracks of land that were debt free. In both of these cases a father was passing the farm to one of his children. The estate was forced to borrow the amount to pay for both the state inheritance tax and the federal estate tax. At the time, the profitability of farming was low, and the value of farm land plummeted. In both cases the estate tax unfortunately brought about the foreclosure of these farms which had been in each family for four generations.  That was sixteen years ago, and the estate tax has hardly improved since then. The general estate tax exemption has risen to $600,000, but that number is over $200,000 behind the rate of inflation. The important thing to keep in mind about estate tax reform is that estates do not pay taxes, surviving families pay taxes. This bill is simply about fairness and equity for families. Furthermore, it is about correcting latent defects in the estate tax rules that make tax lawyers rich, but also make families crazy.  Reform in this legislation comes in three major parts. First, we increase the broad based estate tax exemption from $600,000 to $1,000,000 over a period of six years. Second, we grant family owned businesses relief similar to what was introduced by former Senators Dole and Pryor. For businesses passed down among the family, this bill provides a complete exemption for the first $1,500,000 of family business assets. It also provides an additional 50 percent exemption on the next $8,500,000. Thus, there is a $10,000,000 cap on our family-owned business relief. This provision is therefore a smaller provision than the original Dole/Pryor legislation.  Finally there is a section that I call repair and maintenance. Here we improve some popular existing provisions. For example, housekeeping and improvement is done to special use valuation. The Government financed estate tax deferral provision is improved. A generation skipping tax equity problem is fixed that has already been passed twice but vetoed for unrelated reasons. Finally, an IRS gift tax audit statute of limitations problem for families is fixed.  Because it is especially complicated, I want to discuss the generation skipping transfer tax problem that is addressed in the repair and maintenance section of this bill. For reference purposes, this legislation was known as bill number S. 1170 in the 104th Congress. It too was passed on the Balanced Budget Act of 1995 which was subsequently vetoed.  The GST tax is an extra tax that families pay when a grandparent makes a gift to a grandchild. The provision in our bill has the support of over 200 charities in the Nation including the public universities in my State of Iowa. It has passed twice in the last 10 years, but was not enacted because the greater legislation was vetoed for unrelated reasons.  Our provision expands the current law predeceased parent exception. This is an exception to the GST tax where a grandparent gifts to a grandchild but the grandchild's parent has already died. The grandchild steps up into the place of the parent. In our bill, this exception is broadened to include gifts not only to grandchildren with predeceased parents but also grandnieces and grandnephews. The expansion to include these gifts that are affected by trusts is necessary to promote charitable giving and also protect families. The White House supported this provision during the debate of the Balanced Budget Act of 1995, given the prospective effective date as in our bill.  Humility requires me to admit that each of these provisions passed as part of the vetoed Balanced Budget Act of 1995. In some places we have made technical improvements suggested by the tax experts, but by and large there is little original thought here. If you have good legislation you don't need to improve upon it.  Some will ask about how this estate tax bill fits into the debate over a balanced budget. The answer is that the balanced budget is still a No. 1 priority and this bill will need to fit in a balanced budget. Since the White House has supported provisions in the President's budget similar to these provisions, we should expect the White House to offer assistance to us in resolving the estate tax problem. If the era of big government is over, then the White House should step up to the plate and aid us in eliminating estate tax theft upon surviving families.  