 President, in December, the Department of Health released annual figures on teenage drug use. As in the preceding 3 years, what the numbers showed was a continuing, alarming increase in teenage drug use. The number of eighth graders using any illicit drug in the year before the survey has almost doubled since 1991, from 11 to 21 percent. The proportion of increased use among 10th graders has risen by almost two-thirds, from 20 to 33 percent. It has risen by almost 50 percent among seniors in high school, from 27 to 39 percent. Stop for a minute and think about the reality behind the numbers.  One in every five 13 year olds has used an illicit drug in the last year. One in every three 15 year olds and close to two of every five seniors have used drugs. Marijuana use is leading the way. Regular use of marijuana by kids is on the rise. Nearly 1 in every 20 seniors now uses marijuana daily. We know from bitter experience, that marijuana use, especially regular use, increases dramatically the likelihood of further, more serious drug use. We know only too well that such use leads to dramatic increases in addiction, violent crime, treatment dependency, and a cycle of hurt that can endure for years.  Moreover, the recent survey reveals that teenage attitudes about the dangers of drug use are also changing--for the worse. An increasing number of young people at younger ages no longer see drug use as dangerous.  Just this past Tuesday, the Partnership for a Drug Free America released information that showed that kids at younger ages, including kids in fourth, fifth, and sixth grades, are starting to try drugs.  We have not seen increases in use or changes in beliefs about the dangers of use like this since the late 1960's and 1970's. Those of us who are adults today know what that increase in use and changes in attitudes did to this country. We are still living with the consequences of social attitudes that legitimized drug use. We are still paying the costs to treat the addicts that began as teenage users then.  Let's remind ourselves of a simple truth. The most likely users of drugs are kids. Not adults. Not grown men and women. Not our peers and friends and colleagues. Not our business partners or professional associates. Kids. It begins with kids. Most addicts today began as teenagers. Most addicts tomorrow will begin as teenagers or younger. And whom do the pushers of drugs target? Kids. Whom do the purveyors of drug messages in our movies and popular music target? Kids.  You do not have to go very far to discover why. Young people are more vulnerable to messages that would have them test limits. They are less aware of long-term consequences for present acts. They are more easily influenced by peers and fashions. It is our kids that are most at risk for messages about drug use. It is in order to protect kids that we take steps to control drugs in our society. Even the majority of the most ardent legalization advocates do not advocate drug use by kids. Most of them draw the line at that. Most.  But our problem lies in this. We cannot be halfhearted and ambivalent in our counterdrug messages if we are to tell our kids not to use drugs. We cannot, on the one hand, make drugs readily available and condone their use by law and custom and keep them from our kids. We have ample evidence of this in legal drugs, in the problems of teenage use of alcohol and tobacco.  But I am talking about substances that are far worse and more dangerous. We cannot afford to make these drugs part of our daily lives. The public is aware of that. They oppose it. But what we see is a growing effort by a few to get around that opposition. Ultimately they are not likely to succeed. But they can and have so muddled the public message as to send mixed signals to the very people we want to protect. Kids.  From music to videos to movies and political campaigns, we are seeing efforts once again to glamorize drugs. We are seeing opinion leaders and members of our cultural elite portray drug use as simply a personal choice that is harmless and benign. Many of these individuals act as if the only issue is for responsible adults to decide for themselves. They speak as if it is only adults that we need to think about. This, however, is not in fact the case.  If you do not believe this, talk to parents. Talk to teachers. Talk to the health and law enforcement professionals who daily see the consequences. Most important, listen to what kids are telling us about what is happening in their schools. To their friends.  Like other Members here, I receive mail from many people. Among them are our young people. Their letters are full of concern and hope. One of the concerns is about drugs in school. Thus Byron, 14 years old, writes, ``As I havegrown up, I have begun to notice more and more people I know using legal and illegal drugs. Never before did I even know `Meth' existed. But now, my school feels there is a need to take courses about it. I agree with you that drug use should stop, and fast.'' Or Christina, 12, who writes about her concern for what's being done to stop underage drug use. Or Heath, a senior, concerned about growing use in junior high and elementary schools. Or Jennie, a junior, who has seen peers using PCP and crack or acid. Or the many others who have written confused about what they should think or what our policy is.  It is to this and following generations that we are responsible for and to. They look to us for guidance. They rely on us to protect them and their futures. That is what is at issue here. The efforts that we undertake to keep our society drug free are the things that we do to protect our kids. We do this because it is the responsible thing to do. We do this because no sane or civilized society can long endure that fails its children.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  