 Speaker, with all due respect to my very good friend, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter), I rise as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on International Monetary Policy and Trade in strong opposition to this 30-day extension to the Export-Import Bank. I think it is time to send this bank a message, and I think we should vote down this extension and this bill this afternoon.  This bill, I should say, is being opposed by 10 of my colleagues who have sent a letter to every Member of Congress urging a ``no'' vote on this legislation. These Representatives are the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher), the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Paul), the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kucinich), the gentleman from New York (Mr. Hinchey), the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee), the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Clay), the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. Towns).  This bill is also opposed by the Paper Allied Chemical and Energy Workers International, PACE, a union with over 300,000 members. It is opposed by the Independent Steel Workers Union. It is opposed by the U.S. Business and Industry Council and by the CATO Institute, a conservative think tank.  Mr. Speaker, this is an example of where progressives, such as myself, and conservatives, are coming together to protect the American taxpayer and the workers of this country in opposition to an outrageous example of corporate welfare.  While I do not often agree with the conservative columnist Robert Novak, I urge Members to read the article he wrote which appeared in yesterday's Washington Post which raises some very strong concerns about the Export-Import Bank.  Mr. Speaker, many supporters of the Export-Import Bank argue that the bank is necessary in order to create jobs. What I want to know, therefore, is if this bank is supposed to create jobs, how come the major beneficiaries of the Export-Import Bank, the corporations who have received the most assistance year after year, have substantially reduced their American workforce? In other words, instead of creating new jobs, these large corporations have taken money from the Export-Import Bank and, year after year, they have thrown tens and tens of thousands of American workers out on the street.  I think it is time to tell those folks who are at the trough for corporate welfare that if they want money from the taxpayers of this country, if they want help from the working people of this country, you do not lay off hundreds of thousands of American workers.  Mr. Speaker, some have talked about how 86 percent of the transactions from Ex-Im go to small business. That is correct. But that is a bit misleading, because 82 percent of the money, what is really important, goes to the Fortune 500 companies, while only 18 percent of the dollars and the subsidies go to small business.  Mr. Speaker, let me give a few examples of the work and the actions of some of the major beneficiaries of the Export-Import Bank. General Electric has received over $2.5 billion in direct loans and loan guarantees from the Export-Import Bank. They are, I believe, the second largest major beneficiary. Not exactly a small business. In fact, they are one of the largest corporations in the world. So all the taxpayers in America who are struggling to keep their heads above water, GE thanks you very, very much for your assistance.  What is this company doing? What do they say. Jack Welch, as everybody knows, was the very successful CEO of GE for many years. Let me quote Mr. Welch: ``Ideally, you have every plant you own on a barge.''  That is his philosophy. I respect the guy. He is up front. He says that the way you make money is to move to China and Mexico, pay workers there sub-standard wages, and throw American workers out on the streets. That is his business. I do not have a problem with that, but I do have a serious problem that American taxpayers' money, American workers' money, goes to companies who say, ``Hey, wouldn't it be ideal if we could have all of our jobs on a barge and move to any country in the world where wages are lower?''  GE has moved jobs from State to State and country to country in search of lower wages. The company's biggest export is, in fact, jobs. In 1975, GE had 667,000 American workers. In 1995, they employed 398,000, a decline of 269,000 jobs. Now, is that not something? What a success story for Ex-Im; the number 2 recipient lays off hundreds of thousands of jobs.  Now, I was a mayor of a city for 8 years and we provided help to the business communities. But, you know what? We did not just give them a blank check. We said if you want taxpayer money, this is what we want from you in return. And I would suggest very strongly that what the taxpayers of this country want when they subsidize corporations is they want those corporations to reinvest in America, create jobs in America, and not run to China, Mexico and every country in the world where they can pay workers starvation wages.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  