 Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  This tripartisan amendment is cosponsored by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Gutknecht), the gentleman from New York (Mr. Hinchey), and the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller). This amendment has the strong support of the AARP, the largest senior citizen group in America, and the 13 million members of the AFL-CIO. It has the support of the Pension Rights Center and many other groups.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment is about corporate accountability. Today corporation after corporation has been caught misleading their investors. Many of these same companies are doing exactly the same thing with respect to employees' pensions. Mr. Chairman, enough is enough.  This amendment addresses two issues. First it tells companies they must stop discriminating against workers based on age by shifting to the so-called cash balance scheme. Secondly, it tells companies that they must not cheat their employees out of their hard-earned pension benefits. Specifically this amendment would prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from using any funds for activities that violate current pension age discrimination laws, laws that have been on the books since 1986. A similar amendment was passed by voice vote during the consideration of the Fiscal Year 2001 Treasury Postal Appropriations bill but was stripped from the conference report.  Mr. Chairman, age discrimination in general and age discrimination with regard to pensions is unacceptable and must not be allowed to happen. Unfortunately, hundreds of profitable companies across the country, including IBM, AT, CBS, and Bell Atlantic, have converted their traditional defined benefit pension plans to the controversial cash balance approach. Cash balance schemes typically reduce the future pension benefits of older workers by as much as 50 percent. Not only is this immoral, it is also illegal because reductions in benefits are directly tied to an employee's age which is in violation of Federal age discrimination law.  What makes these conversions even more indefensible is the fact that many of the companies that make these conversions have pension fund surpluses in the billions of dollars. It is simply unacceptable that during the time of large corporate profits, pension fund surpluses, massive compensation for CEOs including, by the way, very generous retirement benefits, that corporate America reneges on the commitments they have made to workers by slashing their benefits and their pensions.  Mr. Chairman, Congress must stand with older workers and insist that anti-age discrimination statutes are enforced.  Mr. Chairman, let me quote from the letter from the AARP written to me. ``AARP believes that cash balance plans violate current law prohibitions on age discrimination. We commend you,'' me, ``for offering this timely and important amendment. AARP hopes that this amendment will send a strong message that we value older workers and that we reaffirm that older workers should not be subject to age discrimination in their pension plans.'' End of quote from the letter that AARP wrote to me.  In addition, the Pension Rights Center writes in a letter to me, and I quote, ``The Center has long been concerned that cash balance conversions have deprived older workers of their hard-earned expected pension benefits. The Center has joined labor and retiree organizations in taking the position that cash balance conversions should be stopped because they violate age discrimination laws and deprive older employees of expected future benefits that they counted on earning in their traditional defined benefit plans. As a public policy matter, cash balance conversions rank high among abusive practices that corporations have instituted to surreptitiously cut employees' benefits. It is noteworthy that before the current calamities that befell Enron and WorldCom, both companies had converted their secure defined benefit plan to cash balance plans for the purpose of reducing their older employees' benefits and increasing the corporate balance sheet. Both companies then purported to ``improve'' the 401(k) plan only to lure employees into investing into employer stock that soon became worthless.'' Letter from the Pension Rights Center.  Mr. Chairman, through my involvement with the IBM cash balance conversion, I have heard from hundreds of workers throughout the country who have expressed their anger, their disappointment, and feelings of betrayal by cash balance conversions. These are employees who had often stuck with their company when times were tough, these were employees who had often stayed at their jobs precisely because of the pension program that the company offered, and these are the same employees who woke up one day to discover that all of the promises that their companies made to them were not worth the paper they were written on.  Mr. Chairman, this is not acceptable. We must provide protections for these workers who have been screaming out to Congress for help. We must pass this amendment. Large multinational corporations with defined benefit pension plans receive $100 billion a year in tax breaks alone, according to the Office of Management and Budget. Mr. Chairman, the IRS should not be giving tax breaks to companies that willfully violate the pension age discrimination statutes. To do so not only violates public law and policy, it also provides taxpayer subsidies for illegal pension conversions.  Mr. Chairman, there should be no tax breaks for companies that discriminate on the basis of age.  This amendment also has another very important component designed toprotect the pension benefits of American workers. This amendment would also prohibit any funding to the IRS to dilute the requirements of current law as articulated by IRS Notice 96-8. This notice simply tells companies what interest rate to use when calculating their employees' pension benefits. This notice has been upheld by two U.S. Court of Appeals and is vitally important to protecting American workers who have seen their pensions slashed as a result of cash balance conversions.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  