 Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, our Nation was changed forever on the morning of September 11. The goal of Osama bin Laden was to demoralize us, was to create fear and uncertainty, to bring about instability in our country; and, obviously and thankfully, he has failed.  Last week Congress met in New York City to pay tribute to those who were killed on September 11 in that city, and this morning we assembled at the Pentagon. At these events and similar events all over this country, we were reminded about our resiliency and how strong this Nation really is.  Last September 11, we saw amazing displays of heroism and bravery. We saw what is extraordinary and best in the human spirit. None of us will ever forget the sight of firemen entering the World Trade Center, going up the stairs while other people were going down the stairs. And, as we know, most of those firemen never got out of that building alive.  We also today remember the courage of the people at the Pentagon who saved lives there, and we honor the members of our Armed Forces who are fighting terrorism in Afghanistan and elsewhere.  Mr. Speaker, we have also learned a great deal since September 11. We have learned, as we have never learned before, that we are a vulnerable Nation. Yes, we are the most powerful Nation on Earth, but what we learned on that day is that we could be attacked and that thousands of innocent men and women could be killed.  We have also learned that we must lead an international coalition against bigoted, religious fanatics who believe that they have the right to kill innocent people in order to impose their reactionary ideology on others.  Many of us have also learned that in order to maintain true American values, we must not undermine the principles and constitutional rights that make our country great and that this country was founded on.  As an American and as a Vermonter I have been extraordinarily proud of how our people responded to this crisis in terms of blood donations, financial contributions, and how we came together as a community to support the victims of September 11 and to support each other. If there is something positive out of the horrors of September 11, it is that we as a Nation, all of us, despite our backgrounds, where we come from, our religious beliefs, must continue to show that same sense of community, that love for each other, that was demonstrated in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks.  