 Speaker, I thank the Committee on Rules for making my amendment in order which we will be debating later today, and I especially thank the subcommittee chairman, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter), who promised me that he would support getting that amendment on the floor, and he did.  Mr. Speaker, I rise as the ranking member of the relevant subcommittee, and I must say, unlike many others, and perhaps as one of two independents in the House of Representatives, I have some very, very strong concerns about the direction of the Export-Import Bank. It is my belief that unless we make fundamental changes in that bank and the way that it functions, that we should eliminate it because as presently constituted, it amounts to huge corporate welfare for some of the largest multinational corporations in America.  The truth of the matter is, and I think it is high time Congress woke up to it, and this goes well beyond the Export-Import Bank, the trade policy of the United States is a failure.  Mr. Speaker, we have a $300-plus billion trade deficit. It is not just steel, it is not just textiles. All over America, in rural America, in my State, small manufacturing plants are going out of business because they cannot compete with imports that come into this country made in China where workers are being paid 20 cents an hour. The big untold story of trade policy is that corporate America has sold out American workers, sold out the American people, laid off millions of American workers in search of cheap labor all over the world. We have a $360 billion trade deficit, tell me how our trade policy is successful. The mythology out there is we do not have to worry about old manufacturing jobs, steel, textiles, cars, those are not good jobs. All of our young people are going to have high tech, computer jobs, minimum $50,000 a year, let the Mexicans and the Chinese have those other jobs. What a terrible thing to say to millions of workers.  The result is that high school graduates today who go into the job market are making 20 percent less than was the case 25 years because the factory jobs are not there, and what is there are McDonald's and Burger King, low wages, part-time, no benefits. We have to rebuild manufacturing in this country and create decent paying jobs for our working people.  Export-Import Bank is part of the problem, not the cause. Check the record. Over 80 percent of the moneythat comes from Export-Import Bank goes to large, Fortune 500 corporations. We give them the money, and General Electric and Motorola and Boeing say thanks, taxpayers. By the way, we are laying off American workers because we are off to China and Mexico; but give us some more money.  Some of us have a radical idea. We think before we give taxpayer money out to large, multinational corporations, maybe, just maybe, we might want to insist that they do something about creating jobs in the United States of America. I know that that is a very radical idea, that taxpayer money be used to create jobs in America. The bottom line is that if we are going to give these Fortune 500 companies money, let them sign on the line and work on ways to create jobs in America. The major companies that have received Ex-Im money are the major job cutters in America. I want somebody to explain that to the workers in America that have been laid off, that their tax dollars go to precisely the companies that are laying off more workers than anyone else. It is absurd on the surface.  Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment that will address it, and I hope we will get strong bipartisan support. It is time that we change the trade policy in America. This is a good way to start.  