 Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, as you may recall, when this Ex-Im Bank was debated on the floor of the House, I offered an amendment that received 135 votes, including a majority of the Democrats and 22 Republicans, and that very simple amendment said that a company receiving Ex-Im funds must not lay off a greater percentage of U.S. workers than workers abroad. Frankly, during the conference committee, I was not surprised that that amendment was rejected. We did not win it on the floor of the House.  But let me tell you about another amendment that I offered. I offered an amendment that would simply require companies that receive assistance, now, we are talking about billions of dollars for corporate America, that those companies that receive this assistance sign a pledge, a nonbinding pledge, that they believe in employing U.S. workers at livable wages.  Now, imagine that: corporate America comes in, they get billions of dollars, and we want them to sign a nonbinding pledge that does no more than says they believe in employing American workers at a livable wage. I could not even get that amendment past the conference committee. I do want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce) for that amendment, but we could not get the majority to support it.  So the issue comes down to the fact that when you give billions of dollars to the largest corporations in America, what do the working families of this country have a right to expect? I think at a minimum when you are giving money to Boeing, when you are giving money to General Electric, when you are giving money to AT, you simply cannot have them accept this money from American taxpayers and say, Thank you very much. By the way, I am on my way to China because we just shut down a plant in your district, throwing American workers out on the street, and we are opening a factory in China. Thank you very much, suckers, in the United States for that taxpayer support.  I think the time is long overdue for the American people to be able to say that, corporate America, you finally have got to have some responsibility to the workers of this country, to the taxpayers of this country, and we should oppose the Ex-Im Bank.  Mr. LaFALCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 15 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Smith).  (