 Speaker, what are some of the most important issues facing the vast majority of the people? The President of the United States seems to think that the most important issue is that we give huge tax breaks to the wealthiest people in this country. In fact, as a result of recent legislation passed here, some $500 billion over a 10-year period are going to be given in tax breaks to the wealthiest 1 percent, people with a minimum income of $375,000 a year.  Maybe there are some districts in this country where that is the most important issue, but it is not the case in Vermont, I doubt it is the case in Chicago, and I doubt that it is the case in most districts in this country.  I will tell you what some of the issues are that the American people are concerned about. They are concerned about health care and wondering why 44 million Americans do not have health care and why we are the only major country without a national health care program while we spend twice as much as any other country per capita on health care. They are wondering about why pensions are being cut for working people all over this country, health care benefits are being cut for workers all over this country, while the CEOs of major corporations now earn 500 times what their workers earn.  There are some people who may think, hey, that is a good idea. No problem. No problem that the United States has the most unfair distribution of wealth and income in the industrialized world, where the wealthiest 1 percent own more wealth than the bottom 95 percent. No problem.  But I just met with paralyzed veterans in this country who were in my office saying, why can we not put more money into the Veterans' Administration so we take care of the men and women who put their lives on the line to defend this country? Some people think that taking care of veterans, putting money into education, putting money into child care, paying off our national debt, might be more important than giving huge tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires.  