 Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  As the ranking member of the Subcommittee on International Monetary Policy and Trade, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2604, the Multinational Development Banks Authorization Act. I want to thank the subcommittee chairman, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter), for working in a bipartisan manner on this bill and for the way he has reached out to Members on this side of the aisle in drafting the bill.  I am pleased to support this bill, Mr. Speaker, because it addresses two very important issues at the regional development banks: transparency and user fees. The regional development banks are from among the most powerful institutions of the world with effective control over the economy of some of the poorest nations in the world, and yet these institutions make major decisions affecting the lives of hundreds of millions of the most vulnerable people on this planet, as well as working people throughout the world, in almost total secrecy.  This bill includes significant provisions to make the regional development banks more open and more accountable to the public. It requires the Secretary of the Treasury to instruct U.S. executive directors at the multilateral development banks to work towards opening the meetings of the boards of directors to the public and the media; making transcripts of executive board meetings available within 60 days of the meetings; and making all key documents that are to be used or to be considered by the executive boards available to the public before those documents are considered.  In addition, to make sure that the Treasury Department and U.S. executive directors at the multilateral development banks vigorously pursue these reforms, the bill includes a requirement that the U.S. executive directors must testify every year before the Committee on Financial Services on the efforts they have made to achieve these reforms.  Mr. Speaker, it is imperative that we work to make these international financial institutions more open and more accountable to the public. Without that transparency, it is impossible even for Congress to know if the laws we pass are being observed at these institutions.  That brings me to the second issue this bill addresses, user fees. This bill strengthens current law which requires U.S. executive directors at the regional development banks to oppose the imposition of user fees and service charges on primary education and primary health care, including prevention and treatment efforts for HIV/AIDS, malaria, tuberculosis and infant, child and maternal health. In other words, for the poorest people in the world, we want to make sure that health access and educational access is available without user fees.  The current law on user fees includes several loopholes which the U.S. Treasury Department has unfortunately exploited. This bill closes those loopholes. For example, the Treasury Department has interpreted current law to require U.S. executive directors to oppose user fees only when they are part of a loan. This bill makes it clear that U.S. executive directors must oppose user fees in any loan, grant, document or strategy adopted by the regional development banks.  In addition, the Treasury Department interpreted law to apply unless the user fee provides an exemption for poor people; but exemptions for poor people, especially in impoverished countries, do not work. User fees discourage poor people from seeking primary health care and sending their kids to school because the poor are often not told about poverty exemptions and local officials often have an incentive to collect as many fees as possible. This bill makes it clear that U.S. executive directors must oppose user fees in impoverished countries as a whole. That is a major step forward.  In impoverished countries throughout the world there is documented evidence that user fees prevent people from sending their children to school and seeking medical care.  In Zambia, a researcher witnessed the arrival of a 14-year-old boy at a hospital, suffering from acute malaria. His parents were unable to pay the registration fee, which was equivalent to 33 American cents, but they were unable to afford that, and the boy was turned away. Within two hours the child was brought back dead.  In Kenya, the introduction of fees for patients of Nairobi's Special Treatment Clinic for Sexually Transmitted Diseases resulted in a decrease in attendance of 40 percent for men and 65 percent for women.  In Zimbabwe, there are reports of girls going into prostitution to pay school fees.  In Ghana, 77 percent of street children in the capital city dropped out of school because of inability to pay these fees.  It is essential that our country stop supporting the imposition of user fees on primary education and health care in impoverished countries and that we make the regional development banks more open and more accountable to the public. For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this bill, and I look forward to working with the subcommittee chairman, the gentlemanfrom Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter), to see that it is enacted into law.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  