 Speaker, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Israel-Arab Peace Partners Program, which is reauthorized in H.R. 1646. The Israel-Arab Peace Partners Program is a program that I helped to create in 1999 with my good friend, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman). I would like to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman) for his leadership on this program and for his help to ensure that it was reauthorized in this bill and that it receives proper funding in the appropriations process. I would also like to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde) very much for his support and for his effort, as well as the ranking member, the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), who has been very supportive of the effort as well.  The Israel-Arab Peace Partners Program authorizes a $750,000 pool of grant money within the State Department's Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs to fund public and private nonprofit organizations for people-to-people activities with participants from Israel, the West Bank, Arab countries, and the United States. Through this program, American organizations link up with Israeli, Arab, and American partners to exchange skills and ideas on issues such as health care, the peace process, the environment, and education. By working on issues of common interest to all, people of the region are able to form bonds that cross borders and build trust and skills that not only helps each of their individual communities, but also helps bring them closer to peace. In addition, it brings American citizens and organizations in contact with people from a region where the United States plays such a crucial role.  I think it is important to note the wide range of well-respected groups that have participated in the program over the last few years. Brandeis University, Catholic Relief Services, Fairfax County Public Schools, St. Michael's College, Arava Institute for Environmental Studies, Seeds of Peace, American-Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, Conflict Management Group, and American University. Some of these groups already have well-established programs in the Middle East; for others the Israel-Arab Peace Partners Program provides an opportunity to begin programs that will grow in the years to come. The more groups we can aid in establishing ties in the region, the better chance we have to build a long lasting network of organizations which are working toward professional development, community exchanges, and peace.  This summer I was able to meet with a group of 20 Israeli, Palestinian, Jordanian, and American students who were here in Washington to participate in a program funded through the Israel-Arab Peace Partners Program. Amid all the senseless killing and suffering going on in the Middle East, I was amazed to see this group of students come together to study the environment. For many of the Israeli students, it was their first time meeting an Arab person their age and vice versa. After working together on month-long, environmentally-focused internships all across this country, these students began to see each other not just as Arabs or Israelis or Americans, but as colleagues and friends. They were able to understand a little bit better what it was like to live as an Israeli or an Arab in the Middle East.  This understanding and the real life professional skills that they learned from each other and through their internships was, to me, a ray of hope amid all the devastation in the Middle East, and it really was an honor to see people from the Middle East, from Israel, from the Palestinian Authority, from Arab countries coming together in the midst of all of the horror that is existing there, talking about the environment, talking about how people can work together to make the entire region a better place in which to live.  So, Mr. Speaker, I am very strongly supportive of this effort. I think the relatively small amounts of money that we are spending here to bring people together who are living amidst all of the horror that is going on in the Middle East, to have Arabs talking to Jews talking to Christians, is exactly what we should be doing. I would hope that this becomes a step forward in continuing to have the United States fund programs like this.  Again, I want to thank the chairman and ranking member for their strong support.  