 Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, after all is said and done, one of the major economic crises facing this country is the decline of manufacturing; the fact that we have roughly a $400 billion trade deficit; the fact that it is harder and harder for the American people to find products made in the United States of America when they go shopping, whether it is textiles, and that industry has suffered a huge loss and the loss of God only knows how many jobs, shoes, sneakers, which used to be big in New England where I am from, televisions, toys, bicycles, phones, U.S. flags, increasingly made in China by American companies who threw American workers out on the street and went abroad to exploit people who make 20 to 30 cents an hour who cannot form unions and who have very little civil liberties.  This is a huge issue that must be dealt with if we are going to protect decent-paying jobs in America and if they are going to protect wages so that people can earn family-based incomes.  I continue to believe and will always believe that it makes no sense for the taxpayers of this country to reward those multinational corporations who throw American workers out on the street and run abroad. I do not think it is too much to ask them to invest in this country and create jobs here.  As far as I understand it, in terms of the forms associated with the Export-Import Bank, there is not even a line there that asks these companies to pledge to create new jobs in the UnitedStates of America, because they could not sign that pledge in good honesty, in a straightforward way, because they do not believe in creating new jobs in America. They believe in going abroad in many instances and paying people sub-standard wages.  So I think we have to use every opportunity we can, whether it is the Export-Import Bank, whether it is OPIC, to start addressing this issue, and force these very large companies who have been throwing American workers out on the street to reinvest in this country and put our people to work. American workers who lose their jobs from companies who go to China should not be asked with their tax dollars to help these very same companies throw other American workers out on the street.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  