Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.  The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Page 77, beginning line 4, strike subsection (b) and insert      the following new subsection:       (b) Certain Exclusions.--       (1) Certain lands excluded.--Subsection (a) does not apply      to--       (A) the Yaquina Head Outstanding Natural Area established      under section 119 of Public Law 96-199 (43 U.S.C. 1783);       (B) lands managed under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16      U.S.C. 1271 et seq.);       (C) lands managed under the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131      et seq.); and       (D) lands managed under the National Trails System Act (16      U.S.C. 1241 et seq.).       (2) Certain revenue excluded.--Subsection (a) does not      apply to any revenue that is required to be deposited in the      Coos Bay Wagon Road grant fund pursuant to sections 1 through      4 of the Act of May 24, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 2621-2624.).  The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 595, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, this is a bipartisan amendment introduced by myself, Greg Walden, and Kurt Schrader.  Section 913 of the bill requires all public lands managed by the BLM andfive western Oregon districts to be managed under the O&C California Lands Act of 1937. These are statutorily unique lands. They are all contained in the State of Oregon. There are 2.6 million acres in 18 Oregon western counties.  The O&C Act directs the BLM to manage those lands for multiple uses, including sustainable timber harvest, reforestation, protection of watersheds. As Federal lands, counties with O&C acres are unable to collect taxes. The Federal Government realized that put a tremendous burden on the counties, and the revenues are shared 50 percent with the counties and 50 percent with the Federal Government. These are critical revenues for my counties, and we have been trying to enhance management on those lands to help both with employment and with those revenues.  Without this provision, the bill would seem to open up wilderness, wild and scenic rivers, the national trail system, and other statutorily protected areas. It will also protect the Yaquina Head Outstanding Natural Area on Oregon's coast.  So I would ask--I believe that was an oversight in the drafting of the bill since similar protections are provided on Forest Service lands for statutorily reserved areas, and I would urge Members to support this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  