Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I thank the chairman for his kind words for the work I have been doing for a number of years on this issue.  I traveled with the committee last year to Japan to see what lessons they learned from the horrible earthquake 6 years ago, in which more than 15,000 people perished. They did have in place a land-based and near-ocean early warning system, which gave them enough time to shut down the high-speed trains, get people out of elevators in buildings, shut down production lines, mitigating economic lossesand property damage. But, unfortunately, the system was not adequate to predict the height of the tsunami, and 15,000 people died.  They are now deploying a realtime deep ocean system. It is time for the United States to emulate that. The Cascadia Subduction Zone, off the coast of northern California and Oregon, has had at least a dozen massive earthquakes over the last 5,000 years. It is currently well overdue for an earthquake. If we had in place a deep ocean system near the southern end of that fault where they expect the major quake will start, it would give enough warning time for people on the coast of Oregon, and at least those a little further up the coast, to seek higher ground and not be inundated. It would provide more time in the valleys, and up in Portland and up in Seattle for transit systems to be shut down and people to take shelter. So this could save many lives.  This bill directs FEMA to develop a plan to identify the necessary funds and the potential costs to purchase the equipment for an earthquake early warning system. It is basically off-the-shelf technology.  It requires the President to establish an earthquake and tsunami task force. The task force will consist of representatives from potentially impacted areas, as well as earthquake and tsunami experts to develop comprehensive strategy recommendations on how the Nation should prepare for, mitigate against, respond to, recover from, and adapt to an earthquake, tsunami, or combined event in the Cascadia Subduction Zone.  I strongly recommend this bill to my colleagues. We should learn from the disaster in Japan and take action here to save lives and property in the event of this quake in the Cascadia Subduction Zone.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  