  Yes, I oppose a measure which would oppose the granting of visas. The normal diplomatic and pragmatic efforts of a government-to-government effort to engage and discuss, to bring to light of day, to continue to persuade and develop a better sense of values would be truncated and cut off.  I believe, I say to the Senator, as one who has watched China for some 35 years now, that this is a country which has been humiliated by the West in the past. This is a country that has 5,000 years of dictatorship by one individual, generally an emperor, an emperor who could cast aside people, who could kill people at will--then revolutionary war heroes, basically people who were uneducated.  This is the first post-revolutionary war leadership that has had some Western education, that has some Western understanding. China closed itself off from the West after the Boxer Rebellion and because of what happened in the opium trade, never wanting any kind of interaction with the West.  Now, for the first time, China is open, I believe, to Western values, to Western ideas. I happen to believe it is to our interest. We didn't settle the enormous intellectual property and piracy problems by saying, if you commit a piracy act, you won't have a visa to the United States. We settled it by sending over delegation after delegation of officials to let the Chinese Government know what this was all about, to identify and help identify those factories that were producing illegal goods, and to follow up and see, in fact, that the Chinese Government was willing to take action to shut them down. It has worked. It will be a bumpy road. But cutting off visas of officials isn't the way to handle problems, whether they relate to IPR, whether they relate to technology transfer, whether they relate to other military endeavors or trade matters, I believe.  I must say, I believe this is the first time in the last year that the administration has really made up their mind that what they are going to do is engage China fully and completely at the top level. I believe it is having enormous dividends and that we will see in the years to come a much more open country, a country that has taken steps to make greater reforms.  You have to realize that to those of us who sit on the west coast, the Pacific rim is our world of trade. The Pacific rim has by far exceeded the Atlantic Ocean as the major theater of trade. In my State, approximately over a third of the jobs depend on trade with Asia. We want to have positive relations with Asia, positive relations with the Philippines, with Taiwan, with South Korea, with China, with all of the ASEAN countries as well. Increasingly, we have an opportunity, we believe, on the Pacific, to form a Pacific rim community that is peaceful, where trade can take place, where like values can be shared. I must tell you, I buy into that dream. I want to see it happen.  