 This morning, Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu of Israel, and Chairman Yasser Arafat of the Palestinian Authority met with President Clinton at the White House to try to move the implementation of the stalled Oslo peace ageeements forward.  While no agreement was reached, these talks produced enough progress for the President to decide to send Secretary of State Albright and Special Middle East Coordinator Dennis Ross to the Middle East next week to try to bring the parties to an agreement. Prime Minister Netanyahu and Chairman Arafat are expecting to return to Washington in mid-October, with the hope that they will be able put the finishing touches on a deal at that time.  The progress representated by today's meeting is significant, I believe, for several reasons. First, it reminds us of the essential need for there to be strong American leadership if there is to be progress on the Middle East. No Middle East peace agreement has ever been concluded without high-level U.S. involvement, and this time is no differnt. The personal attention of the President of the United States and the Secretary of State are crucial to advancing this process, especially at a time when the parties have reached an impasse.  Among supporters of Israel, who long for it to live at peace with its neighbors, there is broad recognition of the centrality of the American role in Middle East peacemaking. That certainly is the view expressed by a group of over 100 senior Jewish community leaders from California, in a letter they sent to Presdient Clinton last week.  This letter is signed by 105 prominent Jewish leaders (rabbis, community activists, academics, and philanthropists). It expresses what I believe to be the widespread feeling of the American Jewish community. In clear language, they appeal to the President not to lose sight of the essential American role in helping Israel reach the peace it is longing for. They write:       We have been strongly supportive of your Administration's      efforts to narrow the gaps between the two parties and help      them to reach an agreement. As in past Arab-Israeli      negotiations, the American role in getting both sides to say      yes is indispensable. Although mediating this complex dispute      can be a thankless task, and some naysayers may urge you to      put the peace process on the back burner, now is not the time      to stop searching for ways to help both peoples resolve their      differences.  Today's meeting shows that the President shares their sense of urgency and is taking it to heart.  I ask unanimous consent that this letter and the 105 signatories be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  