 President, very shortly, Senator Kennedy, the ranking member of the ImmigrationSubcommittee of the Judiciary Committee, will be presenting an amendment which I will strongly support. It is very similar to the amendment which was offered in committee, proposed both by the Senator from Massachusetts and myself representing California. I voted for it then, and I will vote for it now.  I did in committee also vote for the Abraham bill, because Senator Abraham is correct, there is a problem. The high-tech industry is consistently turning to foreign nationals to fill low-level computer-related jobs.  In my State of California, this is a very big deal. High tech currently provides about 814,000 jobs in California. That is 18\1/2\ percent of the total California employment. So it is a substantial industry. When this industry says to their Senator, ``We can't hire high school or college graduates to fill our needs,'' I obviously have to be very concerned.  I have become very saddened by our high-tech CEOs who repeatedly tell me they cannot find qualified workers. As a matter of fact, during the hearings in the Judiciary Subcommittee, we even heard one CEO say that they advertised a brand new, I think it was a Ford Mustang for any individual who would take one of these computer-related jobs.  Senator Abraham is correct, the industry will reach the cap of 65,000 by May of this year. As Senator Abraham stated, this presents a very serious problem.  Let's talk for a moment about this 65,000 cap and the way it is now. The 1996 Labor Department report shows that only 41 percent of the H-1Bs presently are computer-related professions. Another 26 percent are physical therapists and health professionals. It is not only computer-related people who are presently coming into this country on a H-1B visa, 26 percent of them are physical therapists, which is kind of canny to me to think we can't find American health therapists for these jobs? The IG's report also shows that some H-1B employers have contracted their employees out to other companies functioning as job shops, companies that hire predominantly or exclusively H-1B's and contract them out. Current law does not prohibit this practice of running these job shops, despite the concern that these job shops are paying the H-1B's less than the prevailing wage and have a negative impact on the American worker's ability to keep his or her job.  The 1996 Labor Department report also indicates that 48 percent of employment-based, permanent immigration is admitted through the H-1B program, and this is a major point I want to make. The H-1B program is not necessarily just a temporary worker program. Fifty percent of these workers achieve permanent status and remain in this country essentially forever. This is a big problem.  From the CRS report on this issue, dated May 13, 1998, I read the following:       In practical terms, the H-1B visa links the foreign student      to legal permanent residence. Anecdotal accounts--  And I think Senator Abraham mentioned correctly that we really don't know; the recordkeeping in this program is very bad--       Anecdotal accounts tell of foreign students who are hired      by U.S. firms as they are completing their programs. The      employers obtain H-1B visas for the recent graduates, and if      the employees meet expectations, the employers may also      petition for the nonimmigrants to become legal permanent      residents, through one of the employment-based immigration      categories. Some policymakers consider this a natural and      positive chain of events, arguing that it would be foolish to      educate these talented young people, only to make them leave      to work for foreign competitors. Others consider this a      pathway program.  This is really my point and my concern about the Abraham legislation. The Abraham legislation essentially is a 5-year program, and over 5 years, it would permit 555,000 new foreign nationals to come into this country, 50 percent of whom would remain. This is the 555,000 that is specially targeted for high tech by the Abraham legislation. However, the Abraham legislation also provides an additional 10,000 workers per year for non-high-tech jobs. That is a total of 50,000 over 5 years. So when you add that together over 5 years, this is an additional 605,000 foreign workers coming into this country, taking jobs which many of us believe should be filled by American young people, American high school and college graduates. This is over a 77-percent increase in numbers, Mr. President.  The amendment that Senator Kennedy will offer is essentially a 3-year program which is a total of only 270,000 workers coming in targeted for high tech over the 3 years. The program would sunset after 3 years, and we would have an opportunity to take a good look at that program at the end of that period of time, hopefully have better records by then and hopefully be better aware of what the needs are after that period of time.  I mentioned that there are about 815,000 high-tech workers in this country in California alone. So this is really a huge new immigration program over 5 years. Nobody should think to the contrary. It will let in over 600,000 foreign nationals, one-half of whom, by our own past statistics, will remain in this country as legal aliens able to work in this country. In other words, they will have green cards, and they will continue to go from temporary worker to permanent worker, thereby taking up a job which an American young person could occupy.  Now, this troubles me. It really troubles me. And the reason it troubles me is because these workers are not necessarily superstars. The superstars come in. These are lower level computer programmers. They really are $50,000-a-year job occupants.  As a matter of fact, there is a chart that essentially shows the salaries. Seventy-five percent of the workers who have been coming in under this program are at salaries from $25,000 to $50,000. So these are not, in the main, the jobs of $100,000 or more. These are exactly the jobs that graduates of the new age, graduates into the global economy from our schools all over the United States should be taking to develop a sinecure in an industry that is only going to bloom in the future.  So I am troubled by the Abraham bill's numbers. Again, they are 605,000 over 5 years. And 550,000 would go for high-tech workers as opposed to the amendment that Senator Kennedy will shortly make, which would be a 3-year program, 270,000 jobs.  Mr. President, I yield the floor at the present time.  