 President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Missouri. I appreciate his comments. And I must tell him that in the main I agree with him.  We have submitted an alternative bill to Bond-Frist. It is Feinstein-Kennedy.  I am opposed to human cloning. I believe human cloning is scientifically dangerous, it is morally unacceptable, it is ethically flawed, and we should outlaw it. That is not the issue.  The issue is we are dealing with a complex subject. The bill at hand is a bill that uses words and does not define those words. There is the rub.  So the issue here today is whether we go ahead and ramrod through legislation with virtually no consideration by this body, legislation that would impose a permanent ban forever with prison terms of up to 10 years, and we will not understand fully what that bill will do. That is why the medical and the scientific research community have asked us to proceed with caution.  Let's say that you don't believe me. Would you believe the Biotechnology Industry Association representing the entire biotechnology community? Let me quote from page 4 of their 9-page statement to us.       The current Bond bill goes beyond cloning because it does      not define the term ``somatic cell'' or limit to cases where      the DNA is identical. It only defines the term ``somatic cell      nuclear transfer,'' but it does not define the term ``somatic      cell.'' We need a brief glossary of terms to define what      constitutes a ``somatic cell.''       ``Zygote'' means a single celled egg with two sets (a      diploid set) of chromosomes as normally derived by      fertilization;       ``Egg'' and ``oocyte'' mean the female gamete;       ``Gamete'' means a mature male or female reproductive cell      with one set (a haploid) set of chromosomes;       ``Sperm'' means the male gamete;       ``Somatic cell'' means a cell of the body, other than a      cell that is a gamete, having two sets (a diploid set) of      chromosomes;  Here is the point.       So a ``somatic cell'' is any cell of the body other than a      gamete, and it includes a fertilized egg. This means that the      current Bond bill would make it a crime to use somatic cell      nuclear transfer even in cases where the somatic cell      contains a nucleus derived from sexual reproduction, which is      obviously not cloning. This means that even though the      nucleus is not a clone, the current Bond bill makes it a      Federal crime to create it. This means that the current Bond      bill goes beyond the issue of cloning.       Because of this coverage of all ``somatic cells'' the      current Bond bill would make it a crime for doctors to use a      currently effective treatment for mitochondrial disease. In      this treatment women who have the disease have an extreme and      tragic form of infertility. The disease is a disease of the      mitochondria, which is an essential element of any egg. The      treatment for this disease involves the use of a fertilized      nucleus which is transferred through the use of somatic cell      nuclear transfer to an egg from which the nucleus has been      removed. The new egg is a fresh, undiseased egg. The current      Bond bill would make it a crime to provide this treatment      even though the nucleus which is transferred is the product      of fertilization, not cloning.  This is the Biotechnology Industry Association's statement.  It goes on into other areas that would be prohibited. But let me say what I think the major problem here is.  The key terms in this bill are undefined, and the full scope of the bill is unknown by anyone in this body. It is just 48 hours old. We don't understand the impact of it. The bill is not ready for rushing to the full Senate for immediate consideration.  The Bond-Frist bill fails to define the following terms: somatic cell, oocyte, embryo, and preimplantation embryo.  These are all technical, scientific, state-of-the-art terms that need definition. The bill actually drops the definitions that were in earlier versions of it.  Undefined key terms will chill vital medical research and treatment. The medical and scientific community hasoverwhelmingly stated that this bill would chill important scientific and health research. The bill criminalizes that research. Scientists will refuse to do that research. Venture capitalists will refuse to fund it when faced with possible prison terms.  The Bond bill bans somatic cell nuclear transfer technology, and, as a result, the Bond bill may ban production of genetically identical tissues for treatment of disease and transplantation, including blood cell therapies for diseases, such as leukemia and sickle cell anemia; nerve cell therapy for neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and Lou Gehrig's; multiple sclerosis; nerve cell therapy for spinal cord injury; insulin transplants for diabetes; skin cell transplants for severe burns; liver cell transplants for liver damage; muscle cell therapy for muscular dystrophy and heart disease; and cartilage-forming cells for reconstruction of joints damaged by arthritis or injury.  Let me say what I think the problem is.  Senator Kennedy and I have another bill. We approach this differently. Rather than banning all somatic cell nuclear transfer, period, the end, we say you can't use this technology if you are going to implanting it in a human uterus. You cannot grow a baby by implanting it in a human uterus.  Let me restate that.  You cannot grow a baby using this technology unless it is implanted in a human uterus. I have confirmed that, to my knowledge, scientifically at this stage, there is no way of doing it. However, you can use this somatic nuclear cell transfer for the tissue research, the other areas of research that I am talking about. Once you ban the technology, you cannot use it for these other areas of research.  That is why we feel that the place to ban it is with implantation in the female uterus or womb. That stops the production of a baby. It is dangerous. It took 277 implants in Dolly before they got it to work. And there is a lot we do not know about the procedure. It is terribly dangerous because you are taking a cell at a certain degree of maturity, not an infant cell. You are taking a mature cell, and you don't know what the impact of that cell is going to be on developmental disabilities and the rest of human development.  So scientifically it is dangerous to clone a human. Morally, we say it is unacceptable, and there are a lot of reasons for this: Who would clone? What rules do you set up in cloning? Do you permit the cloning of Adolf Hitlers and the other less favorable characters of history, history past and history future.  So there are many, many questions to discuss. I think everyone in this body believes that human cloning should be made illegal, but we should not attack the technology from which so much good can come. For example, using this technology scientists believe that it will be possible to treat third-degree burns, to provide skin grafts because the DNA would be the same. We may that be able to clone their skin, grow that skin and transfer that skin without rejection. The same thing may be true of diabetes, and particularly in juvenile diabetes which is so recalcitrant and so difficult to handle.  This technology may offer a cure. And with respect to cancer, this technology is what is used in the mass production of anticancer drugs. It would stop all of this particular technology.  So the key is not to stop the technology. The key is to stop the implantation of the embryo produced by this technology in a human uterus. That is what we do in our bill. And that is why I can say virtually all of the scientific community supports Feinstein-Kennedy and opposes Bond-Frist.  Now, I am aware of the fact our staffs met earlier this morning. We all want the same thing. Let me beg this body, do not do something in a rush that is going to mean one day someone is not going to have a cure for cancer or diabetes or somebody lying in a burn unit at St. Francis Hospital in San Francisco or anywhere else is not going to make use of this technology to produce tissue that the body will not reject.  That is really the issue. Why does this have to be done in 48 hours? The FDA says it will prevent human cloning. Why are we rushing to do something and use terms like somatic cell and we do not define in the legislation what a somatic cell is. How many people do we condemn to death because we shut off research because anybody that does any research will have a 10-year Federal prison sentence, a 10-year Federal prison sentence if you do research on somatic nuclear cell transfer to try to develop a skin graft for a third-degree burn that will not be rejected?  That is essentially what we are talking about here today, Members of the Senate. The Bond bill additionally could ban noncloning treatments for diseases carried in the cytoplasm. The cytoplasm is the nonnuclear material in a cell. So parents whose children inherit cytoplasmic diseases can have healthy children by using a variation on somatic cell nuclear transfer. This isn't cloning. It is curing a disease. And I am as sure as I am standing here the Bond-Frist bill bans this kind of therapy.  So let's have hearings. These bills should go to committee and be considered thoroughly. Let's have the biotechnology community testify. Let's have the scientific community testify. Let's have a glossary of terms that we all agree upon. And let's put those definitions into a bill. Yes, let's ban human cloning. Let's say you cannot implant a uterus with somatic cell nuclear transfer. Then there are no babies. Then there is no human cloning. But the rest of the research, research to cure diseases, can move ahead.  I am aware of the fact that the distinguished Senator from Florida is in the Chamber and may wish to make a statement. If I could regain the floor, I would be happy to yield to him for the purpose of that statement.  