 President, I have not had an opportunity to speak on this bill. I take this opportunity to do so now.  Prior to yesterday, it was my full intention to vote for this bill. After yesterday, I regret to say I have some serious problems with it and cannot vote for it at this time, but I will, if the problems are remedied, vote for this bill when it comes out of conference.  Let me speak just briefly about what the problems are and then why I think the Coverdell-Torricelli bill is so important and groundbreaking.  Yesterday, this body accepted on a 50-to-49 vote an amendment to convert over $10 billion in currently targeted Federal education funds to a block grant to States. With adoption of this amendment, our efforts to direct limited Federal funds to national priorities are obliterated. Funds for disadvantaged students, funds to make schools safe and drug-free, funds for meeting national student achievement goals--virtually gone.  For ESEA Title I, the bill as it now stands deletes important requirements:  Requirements for student performance standards and assessment, something that I believe is vital if we are going to change the downward trend of public education in this country.  Requirements for evaluating a program's effectiveness. How could someone oppose that?  Requirements to take corrective action if programs are not effective. You mean, don't change a program if you find out it is not effective?  And requirements that Federal funds not supplant State and local funds. That was the Gorton amendment.  Secondly, that same day the Senate adopted, on a 52-47 vote, an amendment which would prohibit voluntary national testing of students. Last year, this body worked out a bipartisan compromise on reading and math testingunder which States and local school districts could participate in national achievement tests, if they wished, voluntarily. Many, including several school districts in California, have agreed to participate. A good thing. Without national tests we have no way of comparing student performance, therefore, the success of individual States in educating their students from State to State. This was the Ashcroft amendment. It would abolish these voluntary tests.  Both of these amendments run counter to my very strong education beliefs. And more importantly, I believe they obliterate any chance of a veto being overridden by this body. I think that is really too bad, because I was one Democrat who was planning to vote to override a Presidential veto if necessary because I believe the Coverdell-Torricelli bill breaks important ground which I, frankly, am pleased to stand and support and defend.  I have heard the bill called a lot of things: ``A voucher system.'' In my view, it isn't. A ``subsidy to private institutions.'' In my view, it isn't. A ``gift to the wealthy.'' In my view, it isn't. I have heard it said that it is ``bad education policy.'' I disagree. ``Bad tax policy.'' I disagree.  What this bill is, is an encouragement to save for education in a society that lives on credit and saves very little. In my book, that is good. I intended to vote for this bill.  Last year, as you all know, we had the IRA savings accounts for higher education of $500. Both political parties thought that was good. That would be extended to $2,000 and extended down through elementary school by this bill, whether the family that saves wants to spend that money in a public institution, a private institution, a religious or a parochial institution. I think that is good, sound public policy.  I have heard it said this is only for the rich. I suppose the reason for that is because these special savings accounts would be available to couples earning under $150,000 and single people earning under $95,000. And some people say, ``Why should we give them any benefit?'' Well, let me tell you, in my view, saving for education makes sense, whether you make $30,000 a year or $90,000 a year. It is good and we should encourage it. Of course, it may not be politically correct, but if it makes education a higher priority or a little easier, even better, what is wrong with that?  Let me speak for a moment on how Americans save.  The U.S. personal savings rate has been dropping for some time. In 1997, it fell again from 4.3 percent in 1996 to 3.8 percent in 1997. The U.S. household personal savings rate for 1996 was 4.4 percent; compared to Japan, with its troubled economy, at 12 percent; Germany at 11.4 percent; France at 12.8 percent; and Italy at 13 percent. So the United States saves about two-thirds less than any of these countries.  I'll give you an example of what is good about this bill. Let us say you are a struggling single mother, as I was at one point in my life. I earned less than $30,000 a year. I was a single mother with a young child. I could not save; that is true. Nonetheless, if I had had an uncle who saw an incentive like the tax incentives in this bill, and said, ``Aha, she's got problems now. Let me start a savings account for her little girl,'' I would have appreciated it. This savings incentive would be available to a parent, a grandparent, an uncle or an aunt.  So if a grandparent can contribute to a grandchild's education, when the mother of that child only earns $25,000 or $30,000 a year, what is wrong with that? That is good. And if they want to spend that savings in a private school, in a public school, in a parochial school, I say, what is wrong with that?  I am a strong supporter of public schools, but I must tell you that I reject the thinking that says there is only one way to look at strengthening education, that is that you can only push it in one direction. What this underlying bill does is to encourage people to save for education and then use their savings for education.  What I like about this bill is it does just that. It says, if you send your child to a public school, you can use this bill perhaps to buy them a computer. You can use this bill to get them tutors or to send them to a special after-school program or you can use this bill to buy their school uniforms. Or if you are lucky enough or want to send your child to a private school, yes, you can use this money you saved, or the child's grandparent or the child's aunt or the child's uncle saved, you can use that to educate this child.  In a country where public education and other education is weak, why wouldn't we want to encourage savings for education? In the first place, families can talk about it. ``Oh, I'm going to contribute to a savings account for my granddaughter. And here's where it's going to go. And here's how it's going to be used. And when she needs it, here's what's going to be there.'' I think that is healthy for this country.  I commend both authors, both Senator Coverdell on the Republican side and Senator Torricelli on the Democratic side. I think this is an important bill. The Joint Tax Committee has estimated that 58 percent of the tax benefit would accrue to those taxpayers filing returns with children in public schools. Fifty-eight percent would go to families who have children in public schools. So I do not believe this is a bailout for the rich. I do not believe it will help only the affluent.  In California, a high-cost State, the cost of a home mortgage, a car loan, insurance premiums, clothing, recreation, are all high. Believe it or not, families that earn $90,000 a year have a hard time saving.  In California, out of the 13 million tax returns filed, 10.4 million, or 78 percent, of these returns reflect earnings under $50,000. The average per capita income in California in 1998 is $28,500. Here is where the grandparents or an aunt or an uncle could really help out.  Additionally, one out of every four students in a California school lives in a single-parent home. Again, 25 percent of the students are in single-parent families.  I was in Los Angeles, meeting with a group of African American mayors of cities surrounding Los Angeles this past week, and a woman whom I very much respect from Watts, California, came up to me and said, ``Hey, Dianne, tell me about this bill. Does this mean that if I can save this money, I can save it for my grandchild?'' And I said, ``Yes, Alice, it sure does.'' And she said, ``That sounds pretty good to me.'' Well, I have to tell you, it sounds pretty good to me, too.  Only 51 percent of California's homes have a personal computer. Among Latino households, only 30 percent own a computer.  In my State, we rank 45th out of 50 in student-to-computer ratios, with 14 students for every computer, compared to the national rate of 10 students for a computer. We rank 43rd in network access. Our education technology task force has called for an $11 billion investment to put technology into K through 12 classrooms. Computers in the home can supplement those in the classroom. And this is a way for a grandparent, an uncle, a niece, to help with that.  Another important part of the Coverdell-Torricelli bill that no one is talking about are the incentives for college education. This bill helps in three ways. First, it increases the allowable contributions to education IRAs that we created last year for college education. It raises them from $500 to $2,000. That is important in California because tuition is so high now, even in public institutions. This makes it possible.  Second, again, it expands those who contribute to include those other than parents. These changes should encourage many more Californians to save for a college education. I say let's try it. Let's watch it. Let's see what happens.  Finally, the bill allows interest earned in qualified State tuition plans to be exempt from Federal taxation. This could increase participation in California's new Scholarshare Trust Program. Effective January 1, 1998, this program authorizes participants to invest money in a trust on behalf of a specific beneficiary and it defers payment of State and Federal income taxes on interest earned, on investments in the trust, until benefits are distributed. Any California family or any person can open an account and distributions are authorized for all expenses of attending college. In the view of the Postsecondary Education Commission, the bill before us could enable Californians to save $25 million annually in Federal taxes, savings that can then be devoted to education.  Let me just indicate increases in college tuition are outpacing increases in income. Total expenses during the 1997-1998 school year to attend the University of California at Berkeley were $13,169--a year; at UC San Diego, $13,400; California State, Chico, $10,000. For private schools, the cost in 1996-1997 of attending my alma mater, Stanford, was $30,410--when I went there, we ran costs of about $1,200 a quarter. Now it is $30,000 a year; at Occidental, $26,000; University of the Pacific, $25,000.  California's public colleges and universities have been told to prepare for a 24 percent increase in enrollment by the year 2005, which translates into almost half a million additional students. The California Postsecondary Education Commission has predicted that our public college and university system will need about $1 billion in new revenues per year through 2006 to maintain existing facilities.  