 President, I note that both Senator McCain and Senator Smith came to the floor to present their thoughts on Kosovo. I would really like to join them and second their remarks.  Mr. President, it is estimated that at least 250,000 Kosovar Albanians have been displaced by the violence and bloodshed of the past several months, and that many are currently living in the forests, without access to adequate food, shelter or medical care. With winter soon approaching, we are on the verge of a major humanitarian catastrophe in Kosovo, which is the direct result of a cruel and intentional policy directed by President Milosevic and carried out by Serbian security forces in Kosovo.  The time has come--indeed, it is my belief that the time came long ago--for the United States, our NATO allies, and the entire international community, to back with resolve that what happened in Bosnia must not be allowed to happen again in Kosovo. For too long, we have stood by passively while Milosevic has acted in bad faith. He has made numerous commitments to halt the violence, such as that contained in his joint statement with President Yeltsin on June 16, and he has honored none of them.  In July, the Senate unanimously passed a bipartisan resolution which called on the United Nations War Crimes Tribunal to indict President Milosevic for his crimes in Bosnia. That resolution has not yet been carried out. In my mind, the time has come for the United States to call an end to the charade of taking at face value the word of a man the U.S. Senate believes should be indicted as a war criminal.  If thousands, or tens of thousands, of people in Kosovo now die because they have been systematically forced from their homes, forced into the forests, denied access to food, warmth, shelter and medical care, it is a crime worthy of the world's condemnation.  With winter imminent in the Balkans, the U.N. Security Council is prepared to vote on a resolution threatening force under article 7 of the U.N. Charter unless Milosevic calls a cease-fire and negotiates with Kosovo's Albanian separatists.  At the end of this week, Secretary Cohen will be meeting with other NATO defense ministers. According to press reports, the Clinton administration has already asked the North Atlantic Council to seek commitments of arms, material and troops from NATO members to complete plans for a multinational force.  I hope and trust that this means that a plan of action to halt the violence and bloodshed in Kosovo--a plan with clear benchmarks for success and a clear exit strategy--will be at the top of the NATO defense minister's agenda.  I trust that Secretary Cohen will take a strong leadership position at this meeting, and that Secretary Albright is taking an equal stand on this issue in discussions with her counterparts. Although I wish it were not the case, we have seen all too often that when Washington hesitates, our Europe allies become paralyzed.  And, lastly, I hope and trust that this time NATO, acting in coordination with the United Nations, will develop a plan consistent with this pressing humanitarian need, which will be quickly implemented, and not just talked about.  Mr. President, it took us 4 years to develop the courage to join and urge NATO to intervene in Bosnia at the cost of 200,000 dead and 2 million displaced. Hundreds, if not thousands have already been killed in Kosovo, and hundreds of thousands have been forced from their homes. What more needs to happen before the international community acts?  There is no doubt that the search for peace in Kosovo has thus far proved elusive, and that finding a solution which provides Kosovar Albanians with full political rights and civil liberties will be difficult.  But the time has come for the international community to take action: We must keep our promise not to allow Kosovo to become another Bosnia, and, unless Milosevic halts the violence immediately and unambiguously, to commit ourselves to the course of a much-needed humanitarian intervention in Kosovo.  Mr. President, I thank the Chair. I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  