 President, I offer a very simple amendment to S. 1618 that will protect the critical area of consumer health care privacy. This amendment provides that in communications with health care insurers or providers, patients have the right not to have their confidential conversations recorded or monitored.  This amendment fills a loophole in existing law. Federal law currently provides that at least one party must consent to the taping or monitoring of a private conversation. The federal law allows states to provide even more stringent restrictions, and require that all parties to a conversation must consent to their taping or monitoring.  However, this law provides no protection to patients against unauthorized taping or monitoring. Even when, as in my State of California, the state law requires all parties to consent for taping or monitoring, the law fails to protect them. Patients are construed to consent to taping or monitoring, whether they expressly consent or not, if they are informed of the taping or monitoring. This is most often accomplished by a recording at the beginning of the telephone call. If patients refuse to have their calls monitored, they are told to simply take their business elsewhere. But there is nowhere else to go.  The confidentiality of details about our health is one of the most sensitive topics imaginable. Physician-patient confidentiality is a bedrock principle that goes back literally thousands of years.  Not only is this an ethical issue, it is a health imperative. In fact, it can be a matter of life and death. Anything less than full confidentiality compromises the willingness of patients to provide the full information that treating physicians need to treat them properly. It can literally jeopardize their health and their life.  We naturally assume that intimate details that we share with our doctor and health care professionals are strictly confidential. But they are not. Today, any communication we have with a health care professional may be taped and monitored.  This problem is exacerbated by the rising role of health insurance companies in treatment. Oftentimes, it is a health insurance company, rather than a trusted doctor, with whom the patient must share intimate personal health details. That health insurance company may not have the same ethical and legal confidentiality obligations as the patient's treating physician.  When my office contacted the top 100 health insurance providers in this country, we learned that most health insurance companies who responded tape or monitor calls from patients.  I want to share briefly some of the responses we received. Kaiser Permanente is a health insurance provider that operates in 19 states and the District of Columbia, and provides care to more than 9 million members. Its practices vary from state to state, depending on applicable state laws.  Among other things, Kaiser Permanente may: Monitor randomly selected calls, in which case it may or may not notify patients in advance; or tape record all or randomly selected calls, in which case it may or may not notify patients in advance.  United HealthCare wrote that they did not believe that recording or monitoring calls presented a privacy issue. Their rationale was that they only randomly record calls and only after advising the caller that the call may be recorded.  Great-West responded that a patient has the option of communicating in writing if the patient does not want to be recorded. Well, let me say simply--that's not good enough for me.  Despite the two-party consent rule in my own State of California, NYL Care Health Plans, Inc., responded that no violation of California law occurs in the absence of a ``confidential communication.'' Under California law, the definition of a ``confidential communication'' does not include communications where the parties may reasonably expect that the call may be recorded. NYL Care asserted that, since patients were told that their call could be monitored, their calls were not confidential calls.  In my view, NYL Care's interpretation of ``confidentiality'' turns its commonly understood meaning on its head. In fact, I doubt whether any of my colleagues would agree that communications about one's own health problems are not confidential.  Finger Lakes Blue Cross-Blue Shield of Upstate New York randomly tapes records calls from patients and is in the process of implementing a front-end message to patients.  In the case of Blue Cross Blue Shield of the National Capital Area, a patient receives no notice that the call may be monitored. Their Associate General Counsel stated that in both Maryland and the District of Columbia, no consent was required.  Not only is unauthorized taping or monitoring of telephone calls just plain wrong, it is simply unnecessary. None of the health insurers who responded to my office could provide a valid reason for monitoring or taping incoming calls from patients.  The standard response I received from health insurers was that they monitored or tape recorded calls for ``quality control.'' Yet no one could explain how the health insurer's record of the information discussed protects the patient. It's easy to see, I think, how the industry's practice leaves the patient disadvantaged.  My amendment is simple. First, it requires express consent from patients in order to be taped or monitored by health insurance companies or health care providers.  Second, it requires health insurance companies or health care providers to give patients the option not to be taped or monitored.  Third, it applies only to health insurance companies or health care providers. It does not affect the remaining companies that tape or monitor customer communications.  Mr. President, this amendment simply ensures a basic right that most patients believe they already enjoy. I urge its adoption.  