 President, I am pleased to support Senators Bingaman and Reid today and I thank them for including my suggestions to be more explicit in how school districts use funds authorized for dropout prevention.  At my suggestion, Senators Bingaman and Reid added several specific strategies to the activities authorized by their original amendment. Under the original Bingaman-Reid amendment, funds would be authorized as grants to states and states would in turn award grants to public middle and secondary schools for activities like professional development and planning and research.  Under the Feinstein amendment, schools could also use grants for remedial education; reducing pupil-teacher ratios; efforts to help students meet achievement standards, such as tutoring or enrichment programs; and counseling for at-risk students.  I believe that the additions I suggested provide some concrete guidance to the states and represent specific, targeted strategies aimed at the underlying causes of the dropout problem.  Students at risk of dropping out need extra help and attention, such as smaller classes, counseling, and after-school academic programs and summer school. They require more than the normal school program, but schools are strapped as it is and this new ``injection'' of funding can help schools provide these extra services.  For example, limited English speaking proficiency is a major risk factor for dropping out school, especially for Latino children, according to the General Accounting Office in their July 1994 report. For Latino students born in the U.S., the dropout rate is 18 percent. For newly immigrated Latino students, the dropout rate is 44 percent. For African-American students the dropout rate is 12 percent and for Anglo students it is 9 percent, according to the National Center for Education Statistics. Nearly one in five Latinos between ages 16 and 24 leaves school without a diploma [Hispanic Dropout Project, U.S. Department of Education, February 1998]. Whatever the numbers, in my view, one percent is too high for any group. Everyone needs a solid education.  Other risk factors for dropping out are poverty, pregnancy, motherhood, disruptive behavior, academic failure, and lack of skills, said the General Accounting Office and the National Center for Education Statistics.  Dropping out of school can begin a downward spiral to delinquency, unemployment, disillusionment, drug and alcohol abuse and crime. Dropping out forecloses opportunities for a lifetime--having children who are poor and uneducated; lack of job skills; civic breakdown.  Public schools need help and the added resources of this amendment in an effort to bring concentrated attention to at-risk students and to prevent the downward plunge that can begin when children drop out of school. We should not give up on these children but give them extra help to stay in school. This amendment can provide some help and I urge the Senate to adopt it.  