  Mr. President, I rise as a member of the Foreign Relations Committee to support the legislation before us. I happen to believe that admitting Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic to NATO is a natural and logical response to the end of the cold war, and is a crucial element of a larger strategy to build a Europe that is at last undivided, democratic, and at peace. I support enlargement because, first, I believe there is a sound strategic rationale for enlargement; secondly, because I believe that Russian concerns that NATO expansion presents a threat or a challenge to the well-being of Russia are unfounded; and, thirdly, because I believe that costs of enlargement will not be an undue burden on the United States but, rather, will be shared among all members on a fair basis.  Let me speak briefly about each of these issues. For almost 50 years, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization has served as the centerpiece of American foreign policy in the European theater. NATO presented a firm committed alliance, a major deterrent to any aggressive thrust by the Soviet Union. It has been a successful military alliance, and it has served the national interests of the United States in preventing aggression in uncertain times.  When NATO was originally formed during the early days of the cold war, it was conceived as a purely defensive alliance, a static line protecting Western Europe from Soviet encroachment. But it has been more than 8 years since the Berlin wall came down. Today, the Soviet Union is gone and the sort of military threat for which NATO was originally conceived and designed, thankfully, no longer exists.  I believe that this new post-cold-war era calls for a new NATO, a NATO that is an alignment of like-thinking states committed to democratic values and mutual defense within a given geographic community. This new, enlarged NATO is not intended to be, nor do I believe it will be, a threat to any other State or group of States.  As our Secretary of State has put it, the strategic rationale for enlarging the Alliance is straightforward. Admitting Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic to NATO ``will make America safer, NATO stronger and Europe more peaceful and united.'' I believe that.  A larger NATO will make the world safer by expanding the area of Europe where wars do not happen. Twice in this century we have sent our sons and daughters across the Atlantic to Europe to fight and die in world wars which began in Europe. By reaffirming our commitment to an enlarged NATO, history teaches us that we make it less likely that we will be called to do so again. It has often been said that vigilance is the price of freedom. NATO remains a form of vigilance.  A larger NATO will also be a stronger NATO. To align themselves with NATO, Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic have strengthened their democratic institutions and resolved ethnic and border disputes in the region. They are bringing their militaries into alignment with the requirements of NATO membership. They have met the requirements for application: democratic reform, development of free market economies, and that each country be able to make a substantial military commitment to the alliance.  The United States has important political, economic, security and, yes, moral and humanitarian interests in Europe. These interests demand continued active U.S. engagement in the transatlantic community. Just as NATO has for the past 50 years, I believe that an enlarged Alliance will provide an effective mechanism to maintain a more unified European community with shared values.  The second issue which I mentioned, the future of NATO-Russia relations, is one which I know is of great concern to many of our colleagues. Let me share my perspective on this issue.  I would agree with some who oppose enlargement that if it inflames ``the nationalistic, anti-western and militaristic tendencies in Russian opinion,'' as George Kennan recently wrote, then it truly would be a questionable course of action. But I do not really believe that NATO enlargement provides a realistic basis for this thinking.  In fact, for all the politicking against NATO enlargement inside Moscow's ring road, many thoughtful Russians, especially younger ones, realize that NATO enlargement is not a threat.  Russia now has a constructive relationship with NATO. Our troops are cooperating in Bosnia. Russia has requested that their troops be allowed to participate in all future Partnership for Peace exercises. And we are moving ahead with arms control. Russia is ahead of schedule under the START I treaty. Prime Minister Chernomyrdin has committed to Duma ratification of START II. And we have agreed on the outlines of a Start III treaty that will cut both United States and Russian nuclear arsenals to 80 percent below their cold war peak. Russia has joined us in banning nuclear testing and ratifying the treaty to outlaw chemical weapons.  Now, all this is not to say that future NATO-Russia or United States-Russia relations will be smooth and trouble free. There probably will be issues in the years ahead on which we will disagree and which we will have to work through. But if Russian policy and/or Russian-European relations should sour, it is my belief that it will be because of the internal dynamics of Russia itself, not because of NATO enlargement. In fact, it is my belief that enlargement of the Alliance and engagement with Russia may offer increased opportunity for the development of a democratic Russia and an even more productive relationship between Russia and the United States.  I strongly believe that a key and critical outcome of NATO enlargement must be a greater engagement with Russia to assure that NATO enlargement is not perceived as a threat nor as an act that in any way signals aggressive intent. It is this path, I believe, which offers the best hope for a peaceful and secure Europe in the decades ahead.  A third area of concern is questions which have been raised about the costs of enlargement.  NATO has estimated that the common fund cost for enlargement will be $1.5 billion over 10 years. The U.S. share of these enlargement costs is about $360 million, in proportion to the current 24 percent U.S. share for common-funded projects. I believe that this cost for the U.S. share of enlargement is reasonable.  In my mind, however, the critical cost issue is burdensharing. If we go forward and enlarge and adapt the Alliance, all NATO members must be willing to pay their fair shares.  I must say I was very concerned last year when French President Chirac commented, in effect, that France would not pay one more centime for the costs of enlargement.  During the hearings conducted by the Foreign Relations Committee, assurances were received from the administration that all allies will, in fact, pay their fair share. And, despite the earlier negative French comments, both the current members of NATO and the three prospective members have pledged that, indeed, they will meet their share of Alliance costs.  I have been reassured by these comments, and I have also worked with the chairman and ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee to assure that strong, clear, and unambiguous language regarding costs and burdensharing has been included in the resolution of ratification. That in fact is now the case.  The language which we have included requires the President to certify that the inclusion of Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic will not increase the overall U.S. share of the NATO common budget, and that the United States is under no obligation to subsidize the costs of new members joining the Alliance. The President must also certify that enlargement will not undermine our ability to meet other security obligations.  Finally, the resolution of ratification also includes a reporting requirement which will provide Congress with detailed information on the national defense budgets of NATO members, their contributions to the common budget, and U.S. costs associated within enlargement.  So, as we proceed with the process of enlargement, this information will allow Congress to make a determination about the efforts that our allies are making and, if necessary, take action at the appropriate time to ensure that the burdens of the expanded alliance are fairly met.  In summary, I believe the inclusion of Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic in NATO will contribute to a stronger, more stable, and more secure Europe, one that is even a more reliable partner for the United States. Such a Europe is clearly in U.S. national interests, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the resolution of ratification.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  