  Mr. President, it is my intention to open the debate, then yield to Senator Mack, then Senator Thurmond, and then Senator Kennedy for the remainder of my time.  Mr. President, I urge the Members of this distinguished body to vote no on cloture. I do so because I believe that by voting for cloture today we could do enormous harm.  The technique involved here, somatic cell nuclear transfer, creates what are called stem cells, which can be used for creation of tissue which has the same DNA as the person whose tissue it is. Therefore they are used as important adjuncts in cancer research; they offerimportant opportunities to overcome rejection of tissue in third-degree burns; to solve major problems inherent in juvenile diabetes; for osteoporosis; for Alzheimers; for Parkinsons disease; and for a host of other diseases.  Mr. President, there is no need to rush to judgment. No one, I believe, in this body, supports human cloning. There is a scientific moratorium on human cloning. The FDA has exercised jurisdiction to prevent it.  There is no need to rush to judgment. This bill is less than a week old. There has been no hearing on it. There are no definitions of critical terms in this bill.  Let me quote what the American Cancer Society has said in a letter dated February 9:       The American Cancer Society urges you to oppose S. 1601,      legislation that would prohibit the use of somatic cell      nuclear transfer. The American Cancer Society agrees with the      public that human cloning should not proceed at this time.      However, the legislation as drafted would have the perhaps      unintended effect of restricting critical scientific      research. The language could hamper or punish scientists who      contribute to our growing knowledge about cancer.  Last evening I had printed in the Record a huge volume of letters from virtually every single patient group, 27 Nobel prize winners, and industry groups--all saying go slow, use caution.  I urge this body to vote no on cloture.  If I may, now, I yield 3 minutes of my time to the distinguished Senator from Florida.  