 President, I know there are others on the floor. The distinguished Senator from Texas and my friend and colleague from Massachusetts wished to speak on this issue. I would just like to wrap up very rapidly.  This whole issue was really galvanized with the cloning of the sheep Dolly. Let me reinforce the fact that it took 277 attempts before this cloning was successful. The impact of the cloning is not yet known.  The second point is that the science is such that huge disabilities, real problems can result from human cloning. It is unsafe.  And my third point is, the circumstances to not require us to rush. Chicago physicist Dr. Richard Seed propelled the debate into full force last month when he told the media that he intended to clone human beings. And he said that there were 10 clinics in the United States interested in offering cloning services and that he believed the demand would be for 200,000 cases per year. That's according to the American Medical News.  Since that time, as you know, the scientific community itself has exercised a self-imposed moratorium on human cloning. I know of no legitimate lab, hospital, or facility that will permit human cloning today. I also would like to add that the FDA has said that they are asserting jurisdiction in this area and will not permit human cloning. So I respectfully submit to those who feel there is time pressure that forces us to proceed to the Senate today, that is not correct. There is time for us to take time to consider this issue, to hear the testimony, to go over the scientific terms, to really debate whether the Feinstein-Kennedy approach or the Bond-Frist approach or perhaps a third or fourth approach is the right way to go.  So I would like to end my comments today, Mr. President, by thanking you for your discretion and by appealing to the majority side of this body. You have an opportunity to do some good. But you also have an opportunity to do enormous harm that could cost tens of thousands of lives needlessly if we do not legislate carefully. So let's do it right.  I thank the Chair and I yield the floor.  