 President, although the Senator didn't say this, I am a cosponsor.  I want to speak briefly about it. I don't believe in the last decade that there has been a more disturbing fact and change of events on the subcontinent of Asia than the detonation of these nuclear tests. They have taken two countries, and indicated to the world that each has a lethal capacity which is far in excess of the bomb that exploded at Hiroshima.  This morning I detailed the unclassified analyses of what each of these countries has in the type of nuclear weapons, the type of launching devices, the type of plane, and the potential damage in terms of loss of life of humans that could occur. And it is quite mind-boggling.  This resolution essentially calls upon all freedom-loving countries, all members of the international community, to support the United States in its sanctions against both India and Pakistan. It calls for the Governments of India and Pakistan to commit to no further additional nuclear test, and it urges them to take immediate steps bilaterally, and under the auspices of the United Nations, to reduce tensions between them.  This morning I indicated how easy these tensions could increase. I mentioned the bomb on a train. I mentioned 25 people killed at a Hindu wedding, a product of Moslem terrorists. Any one of these events could bring about a miscalculation and produce a nuclear holocaust.  We also in this resolution urge India and Pakistan to take immediate binding and verifiable steps to roll back their nuclear programs and come into compliance with internationally accepted norms regarding proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. And we urge our country to reevaluate our bilateral relationship with India and Pakistan in light of the new regional security realities in south Asia with the goal of preventing further nuclear and ballistic missile proliferation, diffusing longstanding regional rivalry between India and Pakistan, and securing commitments from them, which, if carried out, could result in a calibrated lifting of U.S. sanctions imposed under the Arms Export Control Act and the Nuclear Proliferation Prevention Act of 1994.  Mr. President, I believe that this resolution has been cleared on all sides. I would certainly urge its passage by voice vote.  