 President, I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the substitute version of S. 512, The Identity Theft and Assumption Deterrence Act of 1998, which the Senate is considering today.  On May 20, the Senate Judiciary Committee, Subcommittee on Technology, Terrorism, and Government Information, on which I serve as Ranking Member, heard from victims of identity theft from both Subcommittee Chairman Kyl's and my home states. The victims told cautionary tales of lives suddenly, and without warning, turned upside down by the crime of identity theft.  Theirs are not isolated stories. The Secret Service last year made nearly 9,500 identity theft-related arrests, totaling three-quarters of a billion dollars in losses to individual victims and financial institutions. Such losses have nearly doubled in the last two years, and no end to the trend is in sight. In one out of every ten of these cases, identity theft is used to violate immigration laws, to illegally enter the country or to flee across international borders.  It used to be that identity theft required wading through dumpsters for discarded credit card receipts. Today, with a few keystrokes, a computer-savvy criminal can hack into databases and lift credit card numbers, social security numbers, and a myriad of personal information.  The Identity Theft and Assumption Deterrence Act does two critical things in the war on identity theft: it gives prosecutors the tools they need, and it recognizes that identity theft victimizes individuals.  Prosecutors tell us that they lack effective tools to prosecute identity theft and to make victims whole. S. 512 has been drafted in consultation with prosecutors to give them the tools they need. S. 512 does so in a number of important ways:  It updates pre-computer age laws to criminalize electronic identity theft;  It stiffens penalties and adds sentencing enhancements that prosecutors tell us they need to effectively prosecute crimes; and  It allows law enforcement agents to seize equipment used to facilitate identity theft crimes.  Earlier this month, the Senate Judiciary Committee passed the Victim's Rights Amendment to the Constitution, of which I was also proud to be an original cosponsor. Similarly, S. 512 for the first time recognizes that individuals, and not just credit card companies, are victims of identity theft, and it provides them with proper restitution. It protects victims rights, fully recognizing individuals as victims of identity theft, establishing remedies and procedures for such victims, and requiring restitution for the individual victim.  I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation, and I urge my Senate colleagues to pass it.  