 And I am delighted the Senator is in the Chamber, because many people have said about this amendment, ``Well, why isn't Federal law enough?'' And if the Senator will recall, we both voted for the Federal clarification law in the case of Oklahoma City that would give victims the right to be notified, to be present in the courtroom, and to make a statement. And even after we clarified the law, the Federal judge held that if a victim was present, that victim could not make a statement. So this again is, I think, an additional rationale for this constitutional amendment.  I do want to point out the valuable support of Professor Laurence Tribe of the Harvard Law School, and I would like to just briefly quote portions of his testimony last year before the House hearing on the amendment.       The rights in question--rights of crime victims not to be      victimized yet again, through the processes by which      Government bodies and officials prosecute, punish, and      release the accused or convicted offender--are indisputably      basic human rights against government, rights that any      civilized society of justice would aspire to protect and      strive never to violate.       Our Constitution's central concerns involve protecting the      rights of individuals to participate in all those      governmental processes that directly and immediately involve      those individuals and affect their lives in some focused and      particular way . . . The parallel rights of victims to      participate in these proceedings are no less basic, even      though they find no parallel recognition in the explicit text      of the Constitution of the United States.       The fact that the States and Congress, within their      respective jurisdictions, already have ample affirmative      authority to enact rules protecting these rights is . . . not      a reason for opposing the amendment altogether . . . The      problem, rather, is that such rules are likely, as experience      to date sadly shows, to provide too little real protection      whenever they come into conflict with bureaucratic habit,      traditional indifference, sheer inertia, or any mention of an      accused's rights regardless of whether those rights are      genuinely threatened.  So, in a sense, this is all the heart of our argument. Today, the accused, the defendant, has 15 specific rights in the Constitution.  The victim of a violent crime, or any other crime, has no rights in the Constitution. Consequently, there is no protected, no basic floor of rights across this Nation. Each State varies. And when one of these rights conflicts with a right guaranteed to a victim by a State constitutional amendment, the Federal Constitution will always prevail. We believe very strongly that 15 rights should be balanced by the 7 rights that we would provide to victims under this constitutional amendment.  ``The right to receive notice of the proceedings.'' What could be more basic? Somebody assaults you, somebody has raped you, somebody has robbed you--at least you receive a notice to the hearing.  ``The right to attend the trial, and any other public proceeding at which the defendant is present.''  ``The right to be heard at certain stages in the proceeding: The release of the offender; acceptance of a plea bargain; and sentencing.  ``The right to be notified of the offender's release or escape.''  This is something for me which goes back to the 1974 case of a woman having to call to plead to know when her husband's murderer and her own attacker would be released, and because she does not have that information to this day guaranteed to her, to this day she lives in anonymity. She has changed her name and she has changed her place of residence because she believes one day he will get out and one day he will come after her. No American should have to live that way. That is a basic right we provide in this constitutional amendment.  ``The right to an order of restitution, albeit $1, presented by a judge,'' which is significant to every victim. We had interested victims testify to this. Senator Kyl, I am sure, will remember how meaningful and important just the simple act of restitution was to them.  ``To have the safety of the victim considered in determining a release from custody.'' These are, in essence, the basic rights that we would provide to begin to balance this scale of justice throughout time. The only way it can be done is by adding a constitutional amendment to the U.S. Constitution.  I, once again, thank Senator Kyl. It has been a great pleasure for me. I hope we will have the time to debate this fully on the floor and have a vote. I yield the floor.  