 President, I rise today in opposition to Senate adoption of the Conference Report on the State Department Authorization Bill, which we will be voting on tomorrow.  I do so with disappointment, and concern. As an advocate of many of the good provisions in this bill, it is ironic to be arguing today against adoption of this Conference Report.  With its provisions to reorganize America's foreign policy institutions and to press for reform at the United Nations while paying off our arrears, I think it is fair to say that the State Department Authorization bill is one of the most far-reaching and important bills that we will consider this Congress.  I am disappointed, therefore, that Congress finds itself seemingly unable to pass this bill in a form which will allow it to become law.  Now, we find ourselves in this position today is because a few hard-line House Republicans, by insisting on the inclusion of language to restrict international family planning assistance, have been unwilling to compromise and be flexible in the interests of American foreign policy and national security.  Let me briefly state 3 reasons why I think that without the family planning restrictions this is a good bill.  First, this bill authorizes funding of both existing needs and the correction of long-time existing problems, such as a failing computer system, the construction of two major long overdue embassies, and the remediation of security and maintenance problems around the world. International law enforcement, narcotics abatement, and refugee programs are all increased under this bill.  Second, the State Department Authorization Bill takes an historic step in working with the administration and Secretary Albright to reorganize the foreign policy bureaucracy of the United States, so that the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, the United States Information Agency, and the Agency for International Development are brought within the State Department and other operations are streamlined.  The reorganization plan presented by this bill preserves the unique skills and capabilities of each of the current foreign affairs agencies while creating a new, streamlined, structure capable of meeting the challenges of the twenty-first century. It is a plan supported by the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Foreign Relations Committee and by the President and Secretary of State.  Finally, this bill also contains a package to allow repayment of our arrears to the United Nations, some $926 million, with much-needed reform benchmarks designed to ensure that the United Nations will remain an effective organization in the decades to come.  I am an unabashed supporter of the United Nations. I believe a strong and effective United Nations is both important to the world and to the national interest of the United States.  With little fanfare or recognition the United Nations serves American interests each and every day. Through the UN High Commission for Refugees, it feeds and clothes homeless refugees in time of war. The World Health Organization fights diseases like AIDS. The United Nations Children's Fund combats childhood poverty, hunger, and sickness. The UN Development Programs helps the poorer nations of the world develop their infrastructures. The UN provides a forum for negotiating multilateral agreements on arms control, protecting the environment, and other matters that affect all nations.  The United Nations helps to protect peace and security in dozens of trouble spots around the world. Although we are often quick to criticize UN operations, we are slow to credit those successful U.N. peacekeeping operations in such places as the Golan Heights, Macedonia, Angola, and Kuwait--all important to American foreign policy concerns.  This is not to say the United Nations is without its faults. The need to reform and streamline the UN bureaucracy, refocus the budget structure, eliminate duplication, and add transparency to all its operations are all included in the 3 year time-period of this bill.  As the Ranking Member of the International Operations Subcommittee, I was involved in the initial discussions on UN dues payment arrears. The final result negotiated by the Secretary of State, the Chairman, and the Ranking Member is a tough, but achievable, series of reforms to be implemented by the United Nations over the next three years, during which time the United States will pay the $926 million it owes in back dues.  Payment of these arrears is no trivial matter. The U.N.'s current financial difficulties are threatening to render it unable to implement many of its most important programs. Prompt payment by the United States of its arrears is the best way to ensure that the UN will be able to survive as a force for international peace and security in the post-Cold War era.  As someone who values the United Nations, I regard the United Nations arrears and reform package included in this bill to be a major step forward, and one of which we can all be proud.  That is why I find it so unfortunate that we are faced today with the prospect that all of these achievements will be for nothing. And why? Because a small group of abortion opponents in the House have tied up this Bill over the issue of the so-called ``Mexico City'' family planning language. In so doing, they are placing their own narrow domestic concerns and political agenda ahead of all the substantial achievements and reforms encapsulated in this Bill.  In short, unable to advance their agenda through the normal channels of congressional policy making (an agenda unsupported by the vast majority of the American people, I might add) they have decided to hold this bill hostage to achieve a major blow to family planning throughout the world.  Ironically, their opposition to family planning is antithetical to their goal of reducing abortions because family planning actually reduces the need for abortions, and without it terrible starvation and deprivation is visited upon millions in other lands. The irony is that no U.S. international family planning funds are spent on abortion in this or any other bill.  Since 1973, U.S. law has prohibited any USAID funds from being used to pay for abortions as a method of family planning or to coerce any person to have an abortion. Today each and any program supported by these dollars are voluntary, and none involve abortion. All programs are rigorously monitored to ensure strict compliance.  In Russia, where the average Russian woman used to have a stunning 7 or 8 abortions in her lifetime, family planning has made a huge difference. An active family planning effort has actually reduced the number of abortions in Russia from 1990 to 1994 by over 20%, from 3.6 million to 2.8 million. That is 800,000 fewer abortions in a four years period of time due to family planning efforts.  The story repeats itself over and over, wherever family planning exists. As our esteemed former colleague Mark Hatfield, who was a proudly pro-life Senator, reminded us each time we debated this issue, family planning assistance prevents abortions.  I also find the prohibitions placed on free speech contained in the Conference Report--in essence a global gag rule on responsible family planning discussions--to be unacceptable. Foreign family planning providers would only be eligible for U.S. dollars if they agree to have their voices silenced. They could neither lobby nor discuss or educate under the terms of this Bill. The fact that the language included in this Conference Report dictates what public statements can be made, what conferences can be attended, and what educational materials can be produced with an entity's own funds I find an overreaching and dictatorial edict by a country that prizes free speech.  One of the most important and effective components of U.S. foreign assistance has for years been our family planning programs. These programs reduce poverty, improve health, and raise living standards around the world by enhancing the ability of couples and individuals to determine freely and responsibly the number and spacing of their children in some of the most overpopulated and depraved countries on earth. Most of us take these rights for granted. None of us knows the level of deprivation and suffering that exists outside our borders.  What we can not do now--what we should not do now--is allow a small minority of this and the other body to effectively stop any U.S. family planning efforts worldwide.  The President has stated that if the Conference Report passes with the family planning restrictions he will veto this bill. By including language in this Conference Report which we know will result in a veto we will sacrifice--needlessly and pointlessly--all the important work accomplished to date.  I sincerely hope and urge that there are sufficient votes in this body to reject this Conference Report, return it to Conference, remove the counterproductive language, and develop a report which the Senate can support, and which the President can sign.  I urge my colleagues to reject adoption of this Conference Report.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  