 President, I come to the floor to make a general statement about the legislation.  Let me say this to begin with: I am very concerned by the speed with which this bill has come to the floor. It has really foreclosed any real financial analysis--no joint tax figures that are adequate, no CRS analysis, no CBO study.  For me, who represents California, there is a certain irony in passing a bill under these conditions. That irony is what we do that we believe is right for people may turn out to be very harmful for those very people. And I want to say what I mean by this. I want us to pass a good bill. What is a good bill? It is one that deters smoking; it doesn't create a huge black market; it is constitutional; it would give the FDA full authority to regulate the contents of nicotine; it would prohibit all advertising, which to me is very important, not the kind of crimped regulations, but a prohibition on all advertising; and it would have some strong antismuggling provisions, both domestic and international.  We have heard Senators state the facts. Forty million Americans smoke today. Most of them are addicted. I don't think we have heard the California facts. Earlier, I was listening to the distinguished Senator from Nebraska say he was speaking on behalf of 1.6 million Nebraskans. My goodness, in California alone, three times the population of the State of Nebraska smokes. We have 4.6 million smokers in California who are adults; that is, 19 percent of the population of the State of California smokes. You can figure how many of those people you believe are truly addicted, who would like to quit but can't.  Ten percent of our youngsters smoke; that is, 890,000 young people in California smoke. Let me give you a really chilling figure. One out of every four high school senior is addicted to nicotine. One out of every four high school senior in the largest State in the Union is addicted to nicotine. That is why I say an express prohibition on all advertising is important to the success of any antismoking effort.  Mr. President, 1.8 billion packs of cigarettes are sold in California each year. On a per capita basis, 54 packs of cigarettes are consumed in California each year by every man, woman, and child in the State. And there are more than 32 million of us in that State. We already have a 37-cent State tax. We have a 24-cent Federal tax. And on the ballot in November is an initiative placed there by Rob Reiner, which would put on 50 cents additional. So we will be over a dollar in tobacco taxes in the State of California before this body and the other body do anything at all.  In California, 300 young people under the age of 18 begin smoking daily. We all know the health consequences. Just yesterday, my closest and oldest friend called. She had just been diagnosed with lung cancer. She quit smoking 30 years ago. Just the day before, I learned of the husband of a very close friend of mine who just had a tumor, stage 4, the size of a softball diagnosed in his lungs. So we all see this happening to us every day. A good friend of mine just died from lung cancer --a lifetime smoker.  The hard part is not that we don't want to do something, but whether what we do is right. What really will turn around the teenage trap of smoking and addiction? What is the right balance of penalties, pressures, regulations, and health research for the next 25 years? If the goal of this legislation is to reduce and limit youth smoking, and not just creating a spending bill, we must address the link between price of cigarette packs, the ratcheting down of nicotine, if the FDA has full regulatory authority, a black market, and the availability of cigarettes to children. We need to make certain that we don't increase the price of cigarettes so high that it becomes lucrative for smugglers and for organized crime to become involved in cigarette smuggling so that, like cocaine, cheap black-market cigarettes will be available on street corners in cities all over our country.  Mr. President, there is already a black market in California. It is a substantial black market, and it is based on just the taxes I have mentioned so far--a 37-cent State tax and a 24-cent Federal tax. The State estimates they lose between $20 million and $50 million a year in revenues.  We have all heard in the Judiciary Committee commentary that when the per-pack price increases beyond $3.60 to $4 a pack--this takes into consideration what the public health people said could be added to a pack--about $2--and what the industry analysts said, anything over $3 to $3.50--at that point we would create a black market in this country, unmatched by what happened in Canada in the 1980s.  I believe that, as I understand the McCain bill, within 5 years in the State of California, with the item on the ballot, you will have a black market in cigarettes unmatched by anything in history. According to an independent industry analyst, the price per pack in 1997 dollar terms, under the Commerce bill, would be $4.61. In California, with what is on the ballot in June, that will make it $5 a pack. If you include inflation, the McCain legislation would be $4.61, and that becomes $5.11 if you add the 50 cents that is on the ballot in my State in November. That is above anything that anyone has said would be the trigger point to create a black market in the State. This is a 25-year prospect, so the numbers only go up from there.  At the Judiciary Committee hearing 2 weeks ago, John Hugh, the senior assistant attorney general of the State of Washington stated:       As tax rates have risen generally across the United States,      a new trend is emerging. Increasingly, tobacco products      manufactured outside the United States are being smuggled      into the United States and are sold on the contraband market.      In 1988, California increased its tobacco tax from 18 percent      to 35 percent per pack. Today, the contraband market is      estimated to be between 17 and 23 percent of the cigarettes      sold.  The impact of cigarette smuggling is enormous for this country and most particularly for my State. First, there is, obviously, the loss of State excise tax revenues, which I said were $20 million to $50 million annually now.  Second, we have no control over the safety of cigarettes that are smuggled in from overseas. For example, tobacco from China is much harsher, and the cigarettes are much more carcinogenic. And that is a very likely contraband potential black market today. Even though all 50 States have laws prohibiting the sale of tobacco to people under 18, Federal sting operations show that four in ten teen smokers nationwide today succeed in evading such laws.  Individuals, including teens, find ways to buy available cheaper cigarettes. In Canada, when they increased tobacco prices by 150 percent in the 1980s, it is estimated that 40 percent of the cigarettes in Canada may have been contraband U.S. cigarettes, where a carton of Canadian cigarettes was $37 compared to $14 for U.S. cigarettes.  We also heard testimony about how a smugglers' ally developed in an area between Cornwall, ON, and Messina, NY, the epicenter of the Canadian contraband cigarette crisis.  It goes on and on and on with testimony.  There is a very real probability that within 5 years in California there will be a major black market, if the McCain's per pack tax plus what happens on the ballot in California in June all go into law.  With almost 890,000 youngsters smoking, with one out of every four highschool seniors addicted to nicotine, what prospects do we have, then, of really reducing teenage smoking unless we can get full regulatory FDA authority, and unless we can prohibit all advertising, which I don't believe we will be able to constitutionally do unless the tobacco companies will agree to ban all advertising. To me, a ban of all advertising is really going to be important if we want to help youngsters to not smoke.  Let me tell you two things about the McCain bill that I cannot live with.  I will shortly be introducing an amendment, along with Senators Boxer and Durbin, to cure an injustice in the McCain bill's treatment of local government. As presently drafted, the bill would wipe out the suits that several local governments have filed against the tobacco industry without providing a dime of compensation. That is simply unfair. The McCain bill currently would prevent local governments from sharing in any of the settlement funds now being provided for in the United States. San Francisco was the first local government to sue. It sued in June of 1996. The suit was joined in by 17 other California cities and counties representing over half of the population of the State of California. Local governments in three other States have also sued the tobacco industry. New York City; Erie County, NY; Cook County, IL; the City of Birmingham, AL; and Los Angeles County brought their own suits. These local governments have been litigating against the tobacco industry for 2 years. As a matter of fact, it was the California cities and counties which resolved the Joe Camel case in California. And as a result of that case R.J. Reynolds agreed to pull the infamous Joe Camel campaign. R.J. Reynolds was required to disclose its confidential marketing documents. The release of those documents was front-page news across the country.  The California county lawsuit is set for trial early next year. In the absence of Federal legislation, the California counties and other local governments would expect to recover appropriate compensation as a result of the trial or the settlement of these cases. The legislation coming out of the Commerce Committee jettisoned all of these suits.  That is my first major point of a grievance with the McCain legislation, in addition to it moving so fast and the cost such that I believe it creates a major black market.  The second objection is that the formula for distribution in the State disadvantages 26 States because it is based on an agreement among the Attorney Generals and not on general population census figures. For example, in California, if you use the population percentage as a formula mix, what happens is California's share of revenues is increased 4 percent. And that is 9 percent to 12 percent, and that is a third net additional cost for 26 other States to which we have sent a Dear Colleague letter out today letting them know about this.  It is no secret that I have been working with the distinguished chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, the distinguished Senator from Utah, on a bill that might well avoid some of these problems--avoid the black market for California, cover local suits and county suits, provide a formula which is really based on what we are trying to do, which is to stop youth smoking, and it makes sense in many other ways.  Particularly, let me stress again that unless whatever we do here has some encouragement for the tobacco industry to agree not to advertise, the only prohibition we can probably impose, or perhaps--I say perhaps--some of those in the FDA rules, and even that will be litigated and even that will hold up the legislation probably for 5 to 10 years.  I notice the distinguished Senator from Utah is on the floor. I wonder if I might ask him this question. I have had the privilege of serving with him on the Judiciary Committee for 5\1/2\ years now. I regard him as a strong and positive constitutional expert.  Based on what the Senator from Utah knows of the Commerce Committee bill, does the Senator believe it will be contested in court, and does he believe that it will withstand a constitutional test?  