 President, I rise on this occasion to share several thoughts. Let me begin by saying, on the amendment before us, I don't believe there is any Member of this body who is for forced abortion. I do not believe there is any Member of this body who would countenance it, who believes it is good public policy and who is reserved about saying that. Therefore, I think we would all hope the President of the United States would come back with a specific commitment in this area from China.  The question I have, that is deeply disturbing to me, is the Senate is being asked to consider amendments on China policy on the eve of, and even during, President Clinton's visit to China. There used to be a bipartisan consensus on foreign policy in this country. There used to be an understanding that when the President is going overseas, Members of both parties would come together, would wish him well, and would support him. I think, certainly in the last 10 or 15 years, this has been the case. I am very concerned that some are using U.S. policy and China as a political or a partisan issue.  I note, with some disappointment, that no Republican of either House has agreed to accompany the President on his trip. To me, this gives credibility to the assumption that the Republicans are going to use the trip in a political way. And I think this is very, very dangerous. What I hope to point out in my remarks is some of the danger inherent in this kind of policy.  Let me, for a moment, talk about the amendments that are before us. Many are controversial. Some would ban various officials from entering the United States; others would prohibit the United States from supporting international loans to China; many run counterproductive to achieving progress with China. Rather, they push division and they encourage China's historic isolationist tendencies.  Just yesterday, language was added that would move the jurisdiction of certain technological export controls from the Commerce Department to the State Department. This is a serious proposal. It is worth looking at. But the majority and minority leaders have appointed task forces to study the issue and assign various committees to look into it.  The vote on this proposal today would be to render a verdict on an investigation when that investigation has barely gotten underway. Anyone who thinks the President's trip will be made more successful by the Senate's consideration of these issues knows very little about China.  I think the President's trip represents an important step forward in building a healthy United States-China relationship. We have major interests. Human rights? Of course, including religious freedom and autonomy for the people of Tibet.  For 9 years, I have been bringing messages from the Dalai Lama to the President of China asking that there be discussions between the two. I hope that the President will plead that cause, both with President Jiang Zemin as well as in his public addresses in university settings.  But right now the times are extremely urgent. We have a kind of economic meltdown going on throughout most of the Asian continent. And this financial crisis is combined with the very serious situation with respect to India and Pakistan.  To underline the dangers that India, Pakistan, and, indeed, the entire international community are faced with on the eve of this trip, I would like to take a few minutes here today to review what we know about the Indian and Pakistani nuclear programs, their capabilities, and what would likely result in a nuclear exchange between India and Pakistan if we are unable to forge a real and lasting peace in the region and the current south Asian political and security environment.  First, what kind of nuclear weapons did India and Pakistan test?  The Indian Government claims to have tested three different designs on May 11, 1998: a fission bomb with a yield of 12 kilotons, explosive power equivalent to 12,000 tons of TNT; a ``thermonuclear device,'' with the yield of 43 kilotons; and a ``low-yield'' device. On May 13, India claims to have tested two additional devices that produced a total yield of less than 1 kiloton.  For comparison, the bomb that destroyed Hiroshima in 1945 produced an estimated yield of 18 kilotons. So one of these Indian tests was over 2\1/2\ times the size of the Hiroshima bomb.  According to leading nongovernmental analysts, the low-yield device tested in May of this year was likely a compact design intended for deployment on India's medium-range missiles. The subkiloton tests, according to India, provided information needed to perfect computer simulations of nuclear explosions that could be used in subsequent weapons design work, possibly without the need for future testing.  For its part, Pakistan claims to have detonated five simultaneous nuclear tests on May 28, of boosted devices made with highly enriched uranium, which Samar Mobarik Mand, head of their nuclear test program, claimed produced a total yield in the range of 40 to 45 kilotons. Bear in mind again, Hiroshima was 18. Pakistan conducted an additional nuclear test on May 30. Mand claimed the yield was in the range of 15 to 18 kilotons.  Pakistan has stated that all six tests were boosted fission devices, some of which are designed for deployment on the new Ghauri medium-range missile. The head of Pakistan's nuclear weapons program, A.Q. Khan, claims that although Pakistan has not built a hydrogen bomb, it has conducted research and is capable of building such a device should the Government decide to do so.  U.S. intelligence, as well as independent analysts, have raised some serious questions about the claims made by both India and Pakistan regarding the number and yield of the tests each has claimed to have conducted. Although there is a certain reassurance to be found in these questions--perhaps neither India nor Pakistan is as far along in developing nuclear weapons as they might like us to believe--ultimately, such quibbling rings hollow.  Regardless of the exact number or the exact yield of the Indian and Pakistani tests, these tests have made it abundantly clear that both India and Pakistan must now be considered capable of developing and deploying nuclear weapons, and that both hope to gain political and security leverage from this capability.  Secondly, although neither India nor Pakistan are now nuclear weapons states, given their demonstrated capabilities, how many nuclear weapons could India and Pakistan make?  India's nuclear bombs are fueled by plutonium, a manmade byproduct of fissioning uranium in nuclear reactors. At the end of 1995, India had a total inventory of 315 to 345 kilograms of weapons-grade plutonium, according to a study of world plutonium and highly enriched uranium inventories by independent analysts David Albright, Frans Berkhout, and William Walker.  Assuming that 5 kilograms of plutonium are required to build a bomb, this would give India enough plutonium for some 63 to 69 weapons. So let us assume they have that ability.  Pakistan's bombs are fueled with highly enriched uranium, enriched at its unsafeguarded centrifuge facility at Kahuta. Under pressure from the United States, Pakistan halted production of highly enriched uranium in 1991, but reportedly resumed highly enriched uranium production some months ago. After last month's tests, Pakistan still possesses 335 to 400 kilograms of weapons-grade uranium, enough for some 16 to 20 nuclear bombs, according to the Institute for Science and International Security.  If Pakistan is using boosted warhead designs, as it claims, it would produce a considerably larger number of weapons from the same amount of material, depending on the considerations of yield and weight of individual warheads.  In addition, earlier this year, Pakistan's unsafeguarded plutonium production reactor at Khushab went intooperation. It is estimated that this reactor can produce enough plutonium for at least one to three bombs a year.  Thirdly, how would India and Pakistan deliver these nuclear weapons? Both nations possess advanced military aircraft that would be capable of delivering nuclear weapons. India's military deploys such aircraft as the Jaguar, the Mirage 2000, the MiG-27, and the MiG-29. Pakistan's military aircraft include nuclear-capable, United States-supplied F-16 fighters.  Of greater concern, because of their speed and invulnerability to conventional air-defense systems, are both nations' ballistic missiles.  India's Privthi missile, based on the U.S. Scout, has a range of 150-250 kilometers, depending upon the size of the payload. The two-stage Agni missile, based upon Soviet and German technology, has a much greater range, 1,500 to 2,500 kilometers. India claims the ability to hit targets anywhere in Pakistan with the Agni missile.  Pakistan is believed to have about 30 nuclear-capable M-11 missiles supplied by China. This is a bad thing. The second load of M-11s, to all intents and purposes, have never been delivered. We believe it is important that the President secure, ratify, and maintain the commitment that no further M-11s be sent by China to Pakistan. These missiles have a range of 280-300 kilometers.  Pakistan's recently developed Ghauri missile, developed with the Chinese' and North Korea's assistance, has a range of 1,500 kilometers. Its flight tests in early April may have been one of the factors that moved India's Government to resume nuclear testing.  A.Q. Khan, father of the Pakistani bomb, claims that the nuclear devices tested by Pakistan ``could very easily be put on our Ghauri missiles.'' According to Kahn, Ghauri is the only nuclear-capable Pakistani missile at this time but other missiles could be modified for the mission if necessary. These missiles reduce warning time on both sides to nearly zero, making any nuclear crisis extremely unstable. India could hit targets in Pakistan in 4 minutes, and Pakistan could hit Indian targets in under 12 minutes.  All of this development has been going on, and we are debating forced abortion, but we have this ``macro'' situation evolving right on China's doorstep.  Now, what would be the likely result of a nuclear exchange between India and Pakistan? In 1990, when President Bush was first unable to certify under the Pressler amendment that Pakistan had not acquired nuclear capability, the Department of Energy requested the Program in Arms Control, Disarmament, and International Security at the University of Illinois to conduct a study of nuclear proliferation in south Asia. One of the papers commissioned for that study estimates what the casualties of that war would be if India and Pakistan were to wage war. The study, based on unclassified sources, projected damage for three different scenarios, depending on the size and scale of a nuclear exchange between India and Pakistan, from a war with limited nuclear retaliation to a full-scale exchange.  The results are chilling. At the lowest level, the study determined that there would be between 500,000 and 1 million immediate fatalities on each side in a limited nuclear exchange where the only targets were military centers--500,000 to 1 million people killed in a limited exchange of only military centers. At least another million people would be injured in the attacks, and hundreds of thousands more could be expected to die in the fallout and nuclear poisoning which would follow.  In a larger exchange which would include an attack on urban centers in both countries, this study estimated that, at a minimum, there would be 15 million Pakistani and 30 million Indian immediate fatalities, with millions more injured and expensive economic disruption. South Asia would be reduced to a virtual wasteland.  These projections, I should point out, were based on a 1980 census data projected to 1990. If these figures were recreated today, we could expect the projections, with current census figures, to be that much greater.  Think about the magnitude of such a disaster--45 million immediate deaths within a matter of minutes, almost as many killed in India and Pakistan in a few minutes as were killed around the world during the entire 6 years of World War II. It is a number that boggles the mind. In fact, I find it difficult to believe that I find myself here on the floor of the U.S. Senate discussing such scenarios, such carnage, such loss of human life; it is not within the realm of reality. Yet today this is precisely the danger which India and Pakistan face unless both states, with the support and assistance of the international community--and that includes both China and the United States--are able to take clear and immediate steps to end the current crisis and begin the process of building peace in Asia.  This brings me to the final issue I would like to address: What is the current security and political environment in south Asia?  In the aftermath of the tests, both India and Pakistan have indicated a willingness to enter into peace talks. On June 12, the Indian Foreign Ministry stated, ``India is committed to fostering a relationship of trust and friendship with Pakistan based on mutual respect and regard for each other's concerns.'' Pakistan has also offered to resume peace talks. Neither side, however, appears willing to act to back up this rhetoric. Despite their stated good intentions, as of yet there is no agreement on a time, a place, a format, to enter into discussions to address either the nuclear crisis or other important security issues such as Kashmir or the south Asian security agenda.  This situation is especially troubling because without any confidence and security-building measures in place, without any dialog and discussion, India and Pakistan are especially vulnerable to an inadvertent crisis or to a relatively minor incident sparking a larger conflict.  On just this past Friday--let me give an example--June 19, the press reported an incident in which five armed men, suspected to be Muslim terrorists by Indian authorities, attacked a Hindu wedding party in a mountain village in Kashmir, killing 25 people. Just a week earlier, Pakistani authorities held Indian intelligence to be accountable for planting a bomb on a crowded train. These are two examples of the kinds of incidents which could well launch a nuclear episode. Without dialog, for sure these are the sorts of events that are open to misinterpretation, can lead to miscalculation, escalation, and tragedy of the most horrific sort.  The President of the United States tomorrow leaves for China. We can debate forced abortion. You have an unprecedented currency crisis in Asia. You have major turmoil in Indonesia. You have a very serious situation in Thailand, in South Korea. We see the Japanese yen continuing to deteriorate even after the weekend meetings. Many people there felt that Japan has no formula to recover. And you have the significance and importance escalating now, that the Chinese renminbi, the Hong Kong dollar, not be devalued. This, in itself, will take an unprecedented act of courage on the part of the Chinese.  I believe substantial diplomatic pressure must be brought by the President of the United States to convince the Chinese that against all of this they must hold firm. At the same time, in China, you have an almost impossible situation for the Chinese to maintain. You have the closure of the large state-owned industries taking place and forcing tens of millions of people into unemployment.  The President of China has recently said what he considers an acceptable rate of unemployment--3.5 percent. It would be very lucky if China could confine themselves to that figure. But to have this growing unemployment and still refuse to devalue their currency is a major gesture to the Western World, because what most of these countries seek to do is cut off American markets further and flood our country with their consumer goods at a lower cost. And this is precisely the reason we have the trade imbalance as it is today.  So these are the macro problems, Mr. President, that I respectfully submit to you are appropriate for the major policymaking body of the United States of America to be deliberating--the future of the world. And I really regret that we get into the kind of discussion that can only have one effect: drive China tobe less cooperative, more inclined to devalue, but hopefully not less inclined to care about their southern border or what North Korea is doing over their northeastern border. But these are problems of life and death for millions and millions of people. I feel so strongly and I so strongly urge this body that this is not the time for divisiveness. This is not the time for partisanship. This is not the time for some to make hay when the President of the United States is going to Asia to meet with the largest exploding country on Earth to try to chart a relationship that can come to grips with the nuclear facts I have just spelled out.  Facts. Facts of life. Facts like, if there is one single miscalculation, like a Muslim terrorist event, another train bombing, a premature launching of a nuclear missile, it could result in the loss of tens of millions of lives all across the Asian continent. This is what our leaders should be discussing --how to develop a strategic partnership, how to force India and Pakistan to the table, how to set up the kind of commitments that are necessary to forge a consensus on Kashmir; how to solve India border problems with China; how to open markets so that the trade imbalance does not continue; how to maintain intellectual property rights in China; how to have China bring in a retail consumer market from the United States, which they have been reluctant to do; how to build on the rule of law.  You know, people in this body are great critics--particularly people who have never been to China, don't know China, have never read a history book on China, don't understand that for 5,000 years China was dominated by one man, generally an emperor who, at a whim, at the snap of his fingers, could put millions of people to death if he so chose; and then the revolutionary war heroes, none of whom had any education; and now by its first group of really educated leadership in the 5,000-year history of that country. I have heard the President of China say directly that, ``We will transition from a rule of man to a rule of law, but it cannot happen overnight.''  Mr. President, if not the first American mayor, I was certainly one of the first American mayors to visit China in June of 1979, just when that country was coming out of the Cultural Revolution. I have often said that what I saw there was very sobering indeed, because one understands the body language of fear. The body language of fear was prevalent all throughout every city in China that I visited. I have visited China, and I try to go every year; the last time was in September. The changes I have seen are astonishing. Now, remember, this is still a Communist government. There is no prototype on Earth for the kind of change that this Chinese Government is now going through.  I truly believe, as they now try what they call the ``socialist experience,'' which we call a market economy, and as they engage with the West, and as our military leaders are able to engage them--I will never forget when John Glenn and Sam Nunn and I met with the Minister of Defense, and at the end of the conversation I said, ``Do you have anything else on your mind?'' He said, ``Yes.'' He said, ``One of the things that I am concerned about is that we have incidents of American fighter planes overflying Chinese borders.'' I said, ``Well, has anything been done about this?'' He said, ``No.'' So I went out and called Bill Perry on the phone, who was then Secretary of State, and that was taken care of.  It has to be known by this body that, up to just less than a month ago, there was no red telephone between our two leaders. As a matter of fact, the first time our two leaders spoke on that red telephone was following the Indian nuclear explosion, where our President called the President of China on that red telephone and said, ``Look, this has happened. Will you help?'' That is when Jiang Zemin said, ``We are of the same mind on this.''  Now, don't we want this kind of dialog to take place? Sure, we want to make the Chinese know that forced abortion is repugnant to a civilized society, repugnant to our values, and it is brutal and unfair. Sure, we want them to initiate talks with the Dalai Lama, go to the rule of law, provide due process of law for every citizen in China. That is the guarantee for positive human rights--due process of law. Nobody can be arrested in the middle of the night and hauled to jail and kept there. The first change has already been made. The Chinese have changed administrative detention, which is the summary placement of somebody in custody, and limited it to 30 days. We all know the judiciary of China is under the control of the political party. This needs discussion. The judiciary of China must be independent, it must be paid, it must be forbidden to take money on the side. There must be a new criminal code, a new civil code, based on a new China, a China that is reaching out and interacting with the Western World, such as China never has before.  The history of China must be understood in this. It must be known that after the Boxer Rebellion, in the incident where China lost Hong Kong in the opium wars, China was so humiliated by the West that China turned into itself and never wanted any intercourse with the West. Now we see China changing.  How China changes is the President's quest. Does China go back into itself, reinforce its totalitarian nature, or does China open further interaction with the West; have an economic democracy that one day by the Taiwan model a social democracy must emerge?  This, I say to you, Mr. President, is the fitting goal for the President of the United States, because that will change life as we know it on the planet.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  