 So I will continue, if I may.  Mr. President, just yesterday, Dr. J. Benjamin Younger, the Executive Director of the American Society For Reproductive Medicine, wrote:       ``I urge you and your colleagues to carefully consider any      human cloning legislation and to proceed through the proper      legislative channels so that a sloppily drafted bill does not      get passed and sentence millions of Americans to needless      suffering.  Mr. President, once again, I say we should not charge ahead at full throttle on a bill that legislates issues as profound as those surrounding human cloning. There is simply too much at stake.  I would like to give you just a quick side-by-side comparison of the two bills under consideration that ban cloning, Bond-Frist and Feinstein-Kennedy.  Feinstein-Kennedy, as I have said, bans the implantation of the product of somatic cell nuclear transfer into a woman's uterus. It makes unlawful the shipping of the product of somatic cell nuclear transfer in interstate or foreign commerce for the purpose of implanting into a woman's uterus. And it prohibits the use of Federal funds for implanting the product of somatic cell nuclear transfer into a woman's uterus. I recognize that is current in the fiscal year 1998 appropriations law, but we reinforce it in our bill.  The Bond bill, as I understand it, bans human somatic cell nuclear transfer period. It is defined as taking thenuclear material of a human somatic cell and incorporating it into an oocyte from which the nucleus has been removed or rendered inert and producing an embryo, including a preimplantation embryo. Again, it defines none of these terms. And it makes unlawful the importation of an embryo produced through human somatic cell nuclear transfer technology. It is silent on the use of Federal funds, probably because the authors know that a prohibition on human embryo research is already in place.  The length of the ban in our bill is 10 years. It is a permanent ban in the Bond bill.  The reason it is a temporary ban or a moratorium of 10 years is largely because a voluntary moratorium has been put in place by the entire American scientific community, and to the best of my knowledge, what they were requesting a 5-year moratorium which the President's bill contained. We felt the 5-year moratorium was too short. We prefer the longer period so that it can be reviewed at the end of 10 years.  The Feinstein-Kennedy bill protects and allows biomedical and agricultural research on practices which are not expressly prohibited. That would include research or practices involving somatic cell nuclear transfer or cloning technologies, mitochondrial, cytoplasmic or gene therapy or somatic cell nuclear transfer to create animals. We do not interfere with that. The Bond bill protects or allows areas of scientific research not specifically prohibited. It is silent on mitochondrial, cytoplasmic or gene therapy. And that is part of our problem here, and that is one of the reasons why we think it needs to go to committee and we need to know at the end of the hearing exactly what it is we are doing.  On the issue of a national commission, Feinstein-Kennedy authorizes the current National Bioethics Advisory Commission for 10 years, from the date of enactment. The current commission terminates in 1999. Our would continue it and we require reports and recommendations from the commission in 4\1/2\ years and in 9\1/2\ years. The Bond bill would establish a new national commission to promote a national dialogue on bioethics of 25 members appointed by the Senate and House majority and minority leadership by December 1, 1998, to conduct a discourse on bioethical issues, including cloning, and to report to Congress by December 31, 1999 and annually thereafter.  On the issue of penalties, the Feinstein-Kennedy bill has a civil penalty of $1 million or three times the gross pecuniary gain or loss resulting from the violation, in other words, a very stringent civil penalty. If an individual uses somatic cell nuclear transfer and implants the product into a woman's uterus, we subject that individual to forfeiture of any property derived from or used to commit a violation or attempted violation. This would get at the lab or hospital where an implantation into a human uterus would take place. Obviously, it has to be done somewhere, and I think this is in a sense a fail-safe major penalty because that entire lab could be forfeited.  The Bond bill has 10 years in prison or a civil penalty if pecuniary gain is derived of not more than twice the gross gain or both. We think 10 years in prison, when definitions are not included to clearly show what we are talking about, 10 years in prison for someone who might use somatic cell nuclear transfer to create the DNA in a cell that could produce a skin graft or another tissue culture, a skin graft that would heal a burn patient, that that individual should not be subject to 10 years in prison.  On the issue of preemption, there is a difference between the two bills as well. Feinstein-Kennedy preempts any State or local law that prohibits or restricts research or practices constituting somatic cell nuclear transfer, mitochondrial or cytoplasmic therapy or the cloning of molecules, DNA cells, tissues, organs, plants, animals or humans. So, we would set a national standard so that the States could not pass legislation and say it's OK to insert a somatic cell in a woman's uterus. We preempt the area.  Internationally, there are some differences in the two bills, too. Feinstein-Kennedy has a sense of the Congress that the President should cooperate with foreign countries to enforce mutually supported restrictions. The Bond bill has a sense of the Congress that the Federal Government should advocate for and join an international effort to prohibit the use of human somatic cell nuclear transfer technology to produce a human embryo.  I think we could easily come to agreement on many of these, particularly this last one. I think we want the same thing.  The major difference is that the Feinstein-Kennedy bill would allow the technology to proceed in medical research as long as it does not involve human cloning.  Mr. President, the successful cloning of a sheep--  