  I compliment both Senators for this legislation. I think it is common sense. I think it is long overdue.  I most profoundly disagree with the Senator from Idaho. If the gun is under lock and key, the owner is exempt from criminal liability. Let me repeat that. If the gun is under lock and key, the owner is exempt from criminal liability.  On Monday, a 4-year-old boy in Maryland was shot with his grandfather's .22 caliber handgun. The gun was loaded. It was not equipped with a trigger lock. The children were playing with the gun. The gun discharged and struck the 4-year-old in the face. Fortunately, the boy was not seriously injured and is expected to recover.  On Tuesday, unfortunately, 61 Senators voted against a common-sense requirement to require handgun manufacturers to include childproof trigger locks with every handgun they sell. A simply safety requirement that would help to stop the growing number of accidental gun-related injuries and deaths that involve children every year.  In my view, the sharp contrast between these two events is striking. One day, a child is shot in the face because the gun he and his playmates find does not have a trigger lock. The next day, the Senate votes against requiring all guns to be sold with trigger locks.  What is the matter when we cannot fulfill our basic responsibility to keep children safe from the dangers of irresponsible gun ownership?  I believe that the legislation currently before us authored by Senators Durbin and Chafee, offers an excellent avenue for ensuring that gun owners who allow children access to their guns are held liable when their negligence leads to death or injury.  The bipartisan Child Firearm Access Prevention Act will keep kids from taking guns owned by adults and, either purposely or accidentally, killing or injuring themselves or another person.  The legislation puts the burden on the adults who own the guns to store their guns in a safe and secure manner--with a trigger lock, a combination lock, in a gun safe, or in a lock box.  If an adult who owns a gun chooses to store the firearm in a loaded condition--unlocked and unsafe--and a child uses that gun to kill or injure someone or exhibits that firearm in a public place, then that adult can be imprisoned for 1 year and fined as much as $10,000.  The need for this legislation should be entirely obvious. I would wager that there is not a single Senator who hasn't heard of the parade of senseless violence that has plagued our nation's schools.  Some recent incidents include:       Barry Loukaitas, 14, February 2, 1996, Moses Lake,      Washington: Allegedly shot and killed two students and a      teacher at his school. In his confession Barry said he got      two of his guns from an unlocked cabinet in his house and one      from the family car.       Evan Ramsey, 17, February 19, 1997, Bethel, Alaska: Shot      and killed a student and a principal, and wounded two other      students, at his high school. According to police, the gun      Evan used was kept unlocked at the foot of the stairs in his      house.       Luke Woodham, 16, October 1, 1997, Pearl, Mississippi:      Allegedly stabbed his mother and then shot nine students,      killing two, at his high school.       Michael Carneal, 14, December 1, 1997, West Paducah,      Kentucky: Accused of killing three students and wounding five      students who were participating in a high school prayer      circle.       Andrew Golden, 11, and Mitchell Johnson, 13, March 24,      1998, Jonesboro, Arkansas: Accused of shooting to death four      girls and a teacher, and wounding ten, at his school. The      boys took the guns they used in the crime from Andrew's      grandfather who said he usually kept his guns unlocked in the      house.       Andrew Wurst, 14, April 24, 1998, Edinboro, Pennsylvania:      Shot a teacher to death at a school dance.       Jacob Davis, 18, Fayetteville, Tennessee, May 19, 1998:      Allegedly shot and killed a high school classmate.       Kipland ``Kip'' Kinkel, 15, Springfield, Oregon, May 21,      1998: Shooting spree at both home and school which left four      dead and twenty-two injured.  In all, these tragedies total 20 deaths and 48 injuries.  Other non-fatal incidents include:       A 5-year-old kindergarten student in Memphis who took a      loaded .25-caliber pistol to school because he wanted to kill      his teacher for putting him in a ``timeout'',       A police officer's 10-year-old son who was arrested when he      took an unloaded, semiautomatic pistol to school in his      bookbag,       A 15-year-old high school student who was arrested when      authorities confiscated 20 pistols, rifles, and shotguns from      his home after the boy threatened his 9th grade teacher,       And a 16-year-old boy, suspended from school for vandalism,      who was caught by authorities on campus with a .22-caliber      revolver in his front pocket.  Indeed, the scope of this problem is reaching epic proportions.  The National School Safety Center indicates that, during the 1997-1998 school year, there were 41 school-associated violent deaths in the United States. That's nearly a 61 percent increase from the year before when there were 25 such incidents.  And it's no wonder the incidents of school violence are increasing. A 1998 study by the National Center for Education Statistics and the Bureau of Justice showed that, of 10,000 students surveyed, 1,200 students knew someone who had taken a gun to school. It is amazing to me that, given the large number of students who have taken guns to school, there haven't been even more gun related deaths in our schools.  Since the National School Safety Center began keeping track of school-associated violent deaths in July 1992, there have been 227 students who have died on campus. 53 of them--nearly 1 out of every 4--were from my home state of California.  In fact, the problem of gun fire on campuses has gotten so bad that students in some California schools practice ``duck and cover'' drills much in the same way that students in the 1950's and 1960's practiced taking cover during nuclear air-raid drills.  An article in the Los Angeles Times last August detailed how the threat of gun fire has become like the new nuclear threat looming over today's elementary, middle, and high school students.  The article reads: ``They're called drop drills, crisis drills, and even bullet drills. In many schools, a special alarm sounds, as it would during an actual nearby shooting. Teachers shout ``Drop!'' and students duck under their desks or sprawl on the ground, covering their heads. Many schools also immediately initiate a lock-down during the drill, as they would with a shooting, sealing the campus off from the violence outside.''  And it continues: ``The drop procedure was used by students at Figueroa Street Elementary School in February 1996 when teacher Alfredo Perez was hit by a stray bullet. Perez's fifth-graders ducked when the bullet flew through the window, and then they crawled out of the room and stayed on the floor until teachers told them they could get up.  Principal Rosemary Lucente credits the drop bill, which they practice at least once a month, with keeping the students out of further danger.''  And so it has come to this. Our students are forced to practice duck and cover drills because their schools have gotten too hazardous for them to focus on what they're there for in the first place which is to learn.  When the situation has gotten that bad it is my view that it is our responsibility to try and help provide some sanity in our schools and protect children from guns.  We can do that by holding adults who own guns responsible if their careless storage of dangerous firearms results in the threat of death or injury. What's more, we must also encourage parents to spend more time with their children, to reconnect with them, to teach them that guns are not toys, and to teach them the difference between right and wrong.  Opponents of this bill will argue that it won't solve all the problems of kids with guns, that it won't stop kids from getting killed or injured by firearms. Frankly, I don't know if that's true or not. But I do know that one thing this legislation will do is it will force adults to be more safe and more responsible with their guns and that will save lives.  I support this legislation whole-heartedly and I encourage my colleagues in the Senate to do the same.  