 President, I rise today to offer an amendment to the Department of Defense authorization bill to express the concern of this body and condemnation of the recent Indian nuclear tests.  Mr. President, this is a sense of the Senate. Before I go into the provisions of it, let me state what I understand the facts to be.  In the last 2 days, there have been five underground nuclear tests in India about 70 miles from the border of Pakistan. According to Prime Minister Vajpayee of India, there was a fission device, a low-yield device, and a thermonuclear device.  According to the Carnegie Foundation, India is estimated to have approximately 400 kilograms of weapons-usable plutonium. Given that it takes about 6 kilograms of plutonium to construct a basic plutonium bomb, this amount would be sufficient for 65 bombs. With a more sophisticated design, it is possible that this estimate could go as high as 90 bombs.  India also possesses several different aircraft capable of nuclear delivery, including the Jaguar, the Mirage 2,000, the MiG-27, and the MiG-29. India has 2 missile systems potentially capable of delivering a nuclear weapon: The Prithvi, which can carry a 1,000-kilogram payload to approximately 150 kilometers or a 500-kilometer payload to 250 kilometers; and the Agni, a two-stage, medium-range missile which can conceivably carry a 1,000-kilogram payload as far as 1,500 to 2,000 kilometers.  India, according to a report, has possibly deployed, or at the very least is storing, conventionally armed Prithvi missiles in Punjab very near the Pakistani border.  Mr. President, it is no secret that there are intense feelings between these two nations. Pakistan and India, up to late, have been very difficult adversaries. More recently--this makes these detonations even more concerning--I think there has been a kind of rapprochement. And we hopefully were seeing some improvement in the relations between these two countries.  Mr. President, I can hardly think of a more important issue to the interests of the United States than preventing the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. As the Secretary of State said the other day, this Nation has no other agenda than peace and stability throughout the world. And that, indeed, is an agenda to which I believe this body can wholeheartedly subscribe. So each State that acquires nuclear weapons creates additional complications in maintaining international security.  In south Asia today it appears to be too late to talk about preventing the acquisition of nuclear weapons. Both countries, India and Pakistan, now clearly have nuclear capability. And ultimately India must determine for itself whether its interests are best served by ridding South Asia of weapons of mass destruction or by turning the region into a potential nuclear battleground. That, I think, is no less the decision that has to be made.  We all hope that India will choose the course of deescalation, of standing down, of beginning to reduce its nuclear arsenal and at the very least showing a willingness, now that these underground tests have been carried out, to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.  And, all of us saying to the Pakistani Government, please, we urge you not to respond in kind but to show that, indeed, Pakistan understands that greatness is not indigenous to nuclear production, I believe, in the long run, will bring inordinate credibility to the Government and the people of Pakistan, and the favorable response of this body as well.  Mr. President, the amendment I submit today on behalf of Senators Brownback, Glenn, Bryan and myself essentially reports what has happened in the last 2 days. It then goes on to say that it is the sense of the Senate that we condemn in the strongest possible terms the decision of the Government of India to conduct three nuclear tests on May 11 and two on May 13 and that we support the President's decision to carry out the provisions of the Nuclear Proliferation Prevention Act of 1994 with respect to India and to invoke all sanctions therein.  I might add that the author of that act is a distinguished Member of this body, none other than Senator John Glenn of the great State of Ohio. And that is a rather comprehensive statement of sanctions that in fact can be placed on India. It will effectively terminate assistance to that country under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 except for humanitarian assistance or food or other agricultural commodities.  It will terminate sales to that country of any defense articles, defense services or design and construction services, and licenses for the export to that country of any item on the U.S. munitions list.  It will terminate all foreign military financing for that country, and it will deny to that country credit, credit guarantees or other financial assistance by any department, agency or instrumentality of the U.S. Government, except that it will not apply to any transaction subject to the reporting requirement of title V or to humanitarian assistance.  And it will oppose, in accordance with the International Financial Institutions Act, the extension of any loan or financial or technical assistance to that country by any international financial institution and prohibit any U.S. bank from making any loan or providing any credit to the Government of that country except for loans or credits for the purpose of purchasing food or other agricultural commodities.  Finally, it will prohibit exports to that country of specific goods and technology.  My point in reading this, Mr. President, is that these, indeed, are strong sanctions. I believe all Members of this body are in support of the President's decision and this amendment gives us an opportunity to say so.  The sense of the Senate also calls upon the Government of India to take immediate steps to reduce tensions that this unilateral and unnecessary step has caused. We express our regret that this decision by the Government of India will by necessity set back relations between the United States and India, and we urge the Government of Pakistan, the Government of the People's Republic of China and all governments to exercise restraint in response to Indian nuclear tests in order to avoid further exacerbating the nuclear arms race in south Asia.  We call upon all governments in the region to take steps to prevent further proliferation of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles, and we urge the Government of India to enter into a safeguards agreement with the International Atomic Energy Agency which would cover all Indian nuclear research facilities at the earliest possible time.  Mr. President, this is the text and sum of this sense-of-the Senate amendment before this body. I might say, for someone who has taken an interest in India, who has spent time with prior Ambassadors, both of India and Pakistan, attempting to reconcile differences between the two countries, that these tests come to me personally as a very low blow.  I did not think we would see the day when the detonation of these nuclear devices would take place. However, that is now past. We have seen that day. We hope we learn from that, and we hope, most importantly, that the governments concerned--India, Pakistan, and China--also will recognize the fact that we in this body wish to do everything we possibly can to find consensus rather than animus, to put an end to the adversarial relationships, and to have sanity and soundness prevail when it comes to nuclear weapons.  I thank the Chair. Perhaps I might ask for the yeas and nays on this amendment.  