 President, I rise today to lend my support to S. 1260, the Securities Litigation Uniform Standards Act. This legislation, introduced by Senator Gramm and Senator Dodd, is essential to my state of California, providing needed uniform national standards in securities fraud class actions.  In 1995, with my support, Congress successfully passed the Securities Litigation Reform Act. The 1995 Act provided relief to American companies hit with frivolous, or nuisance, lawsuits. Specifically, the legislation adopted federal provisions to discourage nuisance securities lawsuits and increase the level of information provided for investors.  This is very important to my state of California, where hundreds of burdensome lawsuits are filed each and every year. More than 60% of all California high tech firms have been sued at least once. Apple Computers executives stated they expect to be sued every two years. These lawsuits levy a heavy cost on businesses who have to pay for expensive legal battles, draining company resources which might otherwise be spent on growing and improving the health of the company. Securities litigation, as several high tech executives have described, is truly ``an uncontrolled tax on innovation.''  The high-tech industry has been central to the successful economic recovery in California. As thousands of workers in the aerospace industry lost their jobs, and as the recession of the '90s stalled the economy, it was California's entrepreneurial spirit, the investment in new ideas, research and new technology which resulted in a rebounding economy.  In California, there are over 20,000 established high-tech companies. With roughly 670,000 workers, California ranks 1st in the nation in high-tech employment. To put it in another way, for every 1,000 workers in my state, 62 are high-tech. That is significant when one considers that as the 7th largest economy in the world, California supports almost every kind of industry and business known to commerce.  Start-up companies in the high-tech and biotech industries are most directly affected by securities lawsuits. These high-tech and biotech companies dedicate a large percentage of company funds for research and development. The average high tech firm invests between 16-20% of company revenues in research, with biotech firms often as high as 60%. This level of investment is integral to their business success. However, with the burden of frivolous lawsuits, California companies are not able to use their resource on developing innovative technologies and new products for the market place.  The 1995 Securities Litigation Reform moved in the right direction. However, the 1995 legislation did not address recent actions by plaintiffs to file frivolous cases in state courts. Since the passage of the 1995 legislation, suits traditionally filed in federal courts are now being placed in state courts. The current law does not protect companies from this threat.  The bill, which I have been pleased to support, will protect companies from this side-door tactic. The Securities Litigation Uniform Standards Act of 1997 establishes uniform national standards in securities fraud class action suits. It would permit a defendant, whether a company or individual, who is sued in state court to proceed into federal court. This legislation would in effect require that every large securities class action be brought into federal court.  The creation of effective national standards will make it easier to protect companies from so-called nuisance shareholder lawsuits. Specifically, the legislation would provide for the shifting of securities lawsuits filed in a state court into the more appropriate federal court, a process called ``removal.'' The removal authority would only apply for class action suits involving nationally-traded securities, such as the New York Stock Exchange. Without removal authority, these companies, whose securities are traded throughout the fifty states, could face liability under federal securities laws in fifty state courts. This widespread liability would undermine the reforms enacted in the 1995 Securities Litigation Reform Act.  Further, this legislation would prevent ``forum shopping,'' a method for nuisance lawsuits to be initiated in the most sympathetic state jurisdiction. This is a very real concern for California. According to a recent study by former Securities and Exchange Commissioner Joseph A. Grundfest, approximately 26% of litigation activity has moved from federal to state court since the passage of the 1995 law. The study elaborates:       This increase in state court litigation is likely the      result of a `substitution effect' whereby plaintiffs' counsel      file state court complaints when the underlying fact appear      not to be sufficient to satisfy new, more stringent federal      pleading requirements.  California is the home to one-third of the nation's biotechnology companies and medical device companies. These firms have been the source of tremendous growth. Yet these high tech firms are the very ones who face one of every four strike suits and who have had to pay hundreds of millions of dollars in settlements. National standards will address this problem effectively and fairly.  By establishing a uniform system for the movement of cases from state to federal court, Congress can limit abusive lawsuits that inhibit economic and job growth. The Securities Litigation Uniform Standards Act of 1997 will offer important protection for American companies from nuisance lawsuits.  I appreciate the efforts of the Banking Committee and the sponsors, Senator Gramm and Senator Dodd, for their work on this issue and encourage my fellow Senate colleagues to support this legislation.  