 President, I rise in support of the Kyl Amendment, the Internet Gambling Prohibition Act. I am an original cosponsor of S. 474, on which this amendment is based.  This amendment takes important steps to address the dangerous, billion-dollar-a-year threat to our communities and our laws of Internet gambling.  The Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Technology, Terrorism, and Government Information, on which I serve as Ranking Member, held hearings on the subject of Internet gambling in March of last year. At that time, I joined Senator Kyl in introducing S. 474, on which this amendment is based. The bill passed the Senate Judiciary Committee by voice vote in October of last year.  Since that time, this proposal has been carefully fine-tuned to address concerns raised by various groups.  This proposal enjoys the support of a wide range of groups, including law enforcement, family and consumer advocates, and professional and amateur athletics.  Most importantly, FBI Director Louis Freeh, at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing, when asked if the FBI supports the Internet Gambling Prohibition Act, Prohibition Act, replied, ``Yes, I think it's a very effective change. We certainly support it.''  Similarly, the National Association of Attorneys General explained why such legislation is important in letters to the Senate Judiciary Committee and to the full Senate. The State Attorneys General wrote:       [M]ore than any other area of the law, gambling has      traditionally been regulated on a state-by-state basis, with      little uniformity and minimal federal oversight.  The availability of gambling on the Internet, however, threatens to disrupt each state's careful balancing of its own public welfare and fiscal concerns, by making gambling available across state and national boundaries, with little or no regulatory control.  This amendment brings our laws on gambling up to date with advances in technology. It ensures that the new medium of the Internet will not prove to be the latest frontier of illegal gambling.  I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the Internet Gambling Prohibition Act, and I am proud to support this amendment, to provide law enforcement with the tools it needs to keep the Internet free of the scourge of illegal gambling.  