 President, I rise to speak in support of this amendment, and in particular to thank my friend and colleague, the senior Senator from Illinois, for her hard work. I am aware that there is another school construction amendment. It is known as the Roth amendment. It is part of the Coverdell tax bill. These amendments, in my view, complement one another.  What the Senator from Illinois has done is structure an amendment so it really benefits some of the older, more stressed urban school districts in America. What the other amendment would do is stress the smaller, suburban rural areas where there is substantial growth going on. So between the two of them, they provide to the States and the cities and the counties of America a truly major, major commitment to new school construction.  This is a $21.8 billion authority for State and local governments to issue bonds to construct and rehabilitate schools. For California alone, this would mean $2.2 billion in bonds. It is the most of any State. Thirty-five percent of these bonds would be used bythe 100 largest school districts based on their ESEA title I funding which assists disadvantaged children; 65 percent would be distributed by States based on their own criteria; in addition, the Secretary of Education could designate 25 additional districts based on the State's share of Elementary and Secondary Education Act title I grants, excluding the 100 largest districts.  Under this amendment, California school districts are really helped. Bakersfield would get $19 million; Compton, $30 million; Fresno, $56 million; Long Beach, $48 million; Los Angeles, deeply troubled, and I will show you why in a moment, $488 million; Montebello, $22 million; Oakland, $35 million; Pomona, $18 million; Sacramento, $31 million; San Bernardino, $32 million; San Diego, $69 million; San Francisco, $28 million; Santa Ana, $27 million; and Stockton Unified, $24 million.  This proposal, again, helps the large urban poor districts. California's public school enrollment, much of it in these districts alone, between 1997 and the year 2007, is going to grow by almost 16 percent. That is triple the national projected rate of growth of 4.1 percent. California schools will grow three times faster than schools in the rest of the United States.  Each year, between 160,000 and 190,000 new students will come into California schools. The high school enrollment is projected to increase by 35 percent by 2007. Approximately 920,000 students--that is almost 1 million--are to be admitted to schools in the State during that period, boosting total enrollment from 5.6 million to 6.8 million.  Our school population is bigger than the population of most of the States. That is how important this bill is to California. California needs to build 7 classrooms a day, at 25 students per class, just to keep up with the average growth that is going to take place. We need to build 327 schools over the next 3 years just to keep pace with the growth that is going to take place. We have the largest class sizes in the Nation. Students are crammed into every available hallway, assembly room, and many of them in temporary buildings. Los Angeles--and this is staggering--Unified School District has 560,000 seats for 681,000 students. That means they don't even have seats for 120,000 students. So the absence of seats in Los Angeles is bigger than most of the school districts in a State. And this is just one city in the State.  I could go on and on with examples. But of 60 percent of the schools over 30 years old, most do not have modern infrastructure. Eighty-seven percent of the schools need to upgrade and repair buildings. The California Department of Education estimates that this State--one State alone--just to stay even, needs $22 billion during the next decade to modernize public schools and an additional $8 billion just to meet enrollment growth. That is $30 billion in the next decade just to stay even.  I have heard a lot of talk on this floor about education, and I can say only one thing: If you talk education and you have crowded and dilapidated schools and you don't have seats for the children in the schools, there is only one thing you can really do, and that is put your money where your mouth is. This is the first step toward ``putting your money where your mouth is'' amendment.  I am so proud of the Senator from Illinois. There is no single piece of legislation, there is no single amendment on any bill, that will help the school system of the great State of California more than the Moseley-Braun amendment. I want to make that crystal clear.  Here is what it costs. I mentioned the cost and that we need $30 billion just to stay even. Here is what it costs to build a school in California: An elementary school, $5.2 million; a middle school, $12 million; a high school, $27 million.  Our schools must be built to withstand earthquakes, floods, El Nino, and myriad other natural disasters. The cost of building a high school in California is almost twice the national cost. The U.S. average is $15 million; in California, it is $27 million. We have the largest pupil-per-teacher ratio in the country. And thanks to the Governor and the legislature, we are now beginning to reduce class size. K-3 is now limited to 20 students per teacher.  In conclusion, studies show that test scores of students in schools in poor condition can fall as much as 11 percentage points below scores of students in good buildings. I think this amendment is important. I really hope that no one in this body would not vote for this amendment because of the Coverdell bill. The Coverdell bill and the Roth amendment cover very different school districts than does this amendment. If you want to help the big urban school districts of America, where the dilapidated schools are, where the learning really needs improvement, there is only one game in town, and it is Carol Moseley-Braun's school construction amendment. I am proud to support it.  