 President, it is with great pleasure that I rise today to speak on passage of S. 2037, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. This Act implements two treaties adopted by the World Intellectual Property Organization, or WIPO, in December, 1996--the WIPO Copyright Treaty and the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty.  Passage of this important legislation will clear the way for ratification of these treaties, which are in the paramount interest of the United States--and of the State of California, in particular. These treaties are intended to ensure that foreign countries give intellectual property to the same high level of protection that we afford it here in the U.S.  The United States is the world's leader in intellectual property, the home of the most creative and dynamic individuals and enterprises in the world--the majority of whom are located in California. This industry constitutes a very important sector of the U.S. economy, and contributes greatly to our global economic position: American creative industries grew twice as fast as the rest of the U.S. economy from 1987-94; more than 3 million Americans worked in the core copyright industries as of 1994; exports of U.S. intellectual property were more than $53 billion in 1995; and the Business Software Alliance reports that 50-60 percent of its revenues come from overseas.  It is vital that we do everything we can to protect and defend this important sector of the economy from foreign piracy, especially in this new digital age, when the potential exists for thousands of absolutely perfect, priated copies of American intellectual property to be made almost instantly, at the tough of a button: American copyright owners lose $15 billion in overseas sales to piracy every year; the digital gaming industry loses $3.2 billion per year to priacy--almost one third of its $10.1 billion annual sales; and the recording industry's domestic business is flat and they need a strong export market for sales growth.  Indeed, some countries, such as Argentina, have said that computer programs aren't even protected by copyright; ratifying WIPO will ensure that they are. Foreign countries have been waiting for the U.S., as the world's largest producer of intellectual property, to take the lead in WIPO ratification before the ratify the WIPO treaty, so this is an important step we are taking today.  The bill which we crafted in the Judiciary Committee is a truly impressive achievement. We worked together with a plethora of diverse industries, academic interests, and law enforcement to forge a bill which advances everybody's interest.  Title I of the bill implements the WIPO treaties, and outlaws so-called ``black boxes'': devices designed to accomplish the perfect digital piracy which I have mentioned. By protecting against this piracy and paving the way for ratification of the WIPO treaties, this title provides immense help to America's creative industries, including authors, composers, publishers, performers, movie-makers, the recording industry, and the software industry.  Title II of the bill provides for protection from copyright infringement liability for on-line service providers who act responsibly. This title provides much-desired protection for on-line service providers, such as Yahoo! from my State of California, telecommunications companies, and educational institutions.  Title II includes a provision which I authored, section 204 of the bill, which requires the Copyright Office to take a comprehensive look at the issue of the liability of schools and universities for the acts of their students and faculty who may use their network to post infringing materials, and to make recommendations for legislation.  Among the factors which the Copyright Office is to consider are: What is the direct, vicarious, and contributory liability of universities for infringement by: faculty, administrative employees, students, graduate students, and students who are employed by the university.  What other users of university computers universities may be responsible for; the unique nature of the relationship between universities and faculty; what policies should universities adopt regarding copyright infringement by university computer users; what technological measures are available to monitor infringing uses; what monitoring of the computer system by universities is appropriate; what due process should the universities afford in disabling access by allegedly infringing computer users; should distinctions be drawn between open computer systems, closed computer systems, and open systems with password-protected parts; and taking into account the tradition of academic freedom.  I want to thank the Chairman, Senator Hatch, and the Ranking Member, Senator Leahy, for working with me on this provision.  It is my hope and expectation that copyright content providers and the educational community will get together and work cooperatively to address these issues during the course of the Copyright Office study.  Title III of the bill ensures that computer maintenance and repair providers will not be found liable for copyright infringement for performing their ordinary services.  Title IV of the bill provides additional copyright exemptions for libraries, archives and broadcasters, and another study, of distance learning, which could benefit educational institutions.  So this bill helps an incredibly broad spectrum of American interests: authors, telecommunications, universities, computer makers, movies, software, broadcasters, and on and on. No small number of these industries are centered or have very substantial presence in, and immense importance to the economy of, my state of California.  Thus, it is with great pleasure that I applaud the passage of this legislation, and urge the House to protect America's economy and rapidly pass it as well.  