 President, I rise in support of the confirmation of Margaret Morrow to the Federal District for the Central District of California.  Her consideration by the United States is long overdue:  Ms. Morrow's nomination has twice been reported out by the Senate Judiciary Committee, on which I have the honor to serve;  Both times she has enjoyed the public support of the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Orrin Hatch;  Both times the American Bar Association voted unanimously to give her its highest rating, ``well qualified.''  Yet for nearly two years, Ms. Morrow's nomination has languished in the Senate.  By way of background, Ms. Morrow graduated from Harvard Law School, cum laude, in 1974. Prior to that, she graduated from Bryn Mawr College, magna cum laude, in 1971.  Since 1996, she has been a partner in the Los Angeles office of Arnold & Porter, one of the nation's preeminent corporate law firms.  Prior to 1996, she helped form the Los Angeles law firm of Quinn, Kully & Morrow in 1987, where she chaired the firm's Appellate Department.  Prior to 1987, she practiced for 13 years at the Los Angeles firm of Kadison, Pfaelzer, Woodard, Quinn, & Rossi, where she attained the rank of partner and handled a wide range of commercial litigation in the federal and state courts.  The legal profession has recognized Ms. Morrow's quality of work, commitment to the profession, and dedication to the broader community with a host of awards.  Among the many legal awards Ms. Morrow has received are the following:  In 1997, she received the Shattuck-Price Memorial Award, the Los Angeles County Bar Association's highest award, awarded to a lawyer dedicated to improving the legal profession and the administration of justice.  In 1995, she received the Bernard E. Witkins Amicus Curiae Award, presented by the California Judicial Council to non-jurists who have nonetheless made significant contributions to the California court system.  In 1994, the Women Lawyers Association in Los Angeles recognized Ms. Morrow as most distinguished woman lawyer with the Ernestine Stalhut Award.  She received the 1994 President's Award from the California Association of Court-Appointed Special Advocates for her service on behalf of abused, neglected, and dependent children.  In 1990, the Legal Aid Foundation of Los Angeles presented her with the Maynard Toll Award for her significant contribution to legal services for the poor. She is the only woman to date who has received this award.  Margaret Morrow's excellent legal skills have been consistently recognized:  She was listed in the 1997-1998 edition of The Best Lawyers in America.  In 1995 and 1996, the Los Angeles Business Journal's ``Law Who's Who,'' listed her among the one hundred outstanding Los Angeles business attorneys.  In 1994, she was listed as one of the top 20 lawyers in Los Angeles by California Law Business, a publication of the Los Angeles Daily Journal.  Margaret Morrow has held leadership positions in Federal, State and county bar associations and other legal organizations.  She served as the first woman President of the State Bar of California, a position she held from 1993 to 1994. Prior to that, she served as the State Bar's Vice-President.  From 1988-89, she served as President of the Los Angeles County Bar Association, creating the Pro Bono Council and the Committee on the Status of Minorities in the Profession during her term.  As President of the Barristers' Section of the Los Angeles County Bar, she established a nationally recognized Domestic Violence Counseling Project as well as an AIDS hospice program.  She directed the American Bar Association's Young Lawyers' Division and served on its Standing Committee for Legal Aid for Indigent Defendants.  She has served on the boards of a number of legal services programs, and has been a member of several Advisory Committees of the California Judicial Council.  The true test of Margaret Morrow's qualifications to serve on the federal bench is the long list of attorneys, judges, law enforcement personnel, and community leaders who actively support her nomination.  Indeed, the list of Margaret Morrow's supporters reads like a ``Who's Who'' of California Republicans and Bush, Reagan, Deukmejian, and Wilson appointees.  Just to highlight a few of Margaret Morrow's many supporters:  Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan, Republican;  Los Angeles County Sheriff Sherman Block, Republican;  Orange County District Attorney Michael Capizzi, Republican;  Former DEA Head, U.S. District Judge, and U.S. Attorney, Robert Bonner, who was appointed to those positions by Presidents Bush and Reagan; Cynthia Holcomb Hall and Stephen Trott, Reagan appointees to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals; and the list goes on and on.  Perhaps most telling is the recommendation of H. Walter Croskey. Judge Croskey is a Governor Deukmejian appointee to the appellate court of the State of California, and a self-described life-long conservative Republican.  Judge Croskey is well-acquainted with Margaret Morrow's reputation in the legal community, having observed her over a period of 15 years, when she appeared before him in both trial and appellate courts, and worked professionally on numerous State and local bar activities.  Based on his observations, this conservative Republican appellate jurist concluded:       She is the most outstanding candidate for appointment to      the Federal trial court who has been put forward in my      memory.  Margaret Morrow is, by any measure, an unusually accomplished member in her profession, and I believe that her qualifications will serve her well as a member of the Federal judiciary.  I urge the Senate to swiftly confirm her nomination.  