 President, it is with enthusiasm and pride that I ask my colleagues to confirm Judge Jeremy Fogel for appointment to the Northern District Court in California.  I recommended to President Clinton the appointment of Judge Fogel.  Judge Fogel has been unanimously approved by the Senate Judiciary Committee and I hope that he will receive the same type of support today.  Judge Fogel is extremely well qualified for this appointment. He is a highly respected judge in the San Jose area.  For the past three years, in fact, Judge Fogel was ranked as the best Superior Court Judge in the Santa Clara County according to a survey of both prosecutors and attorneys.  Judge Fogel has earned a reputation for fairness and sound reasoning over the course of his 17-year career on both the Municipal and Superior Courts in California.  Let me provide a few details about Judge Fogel:  He obtained his Bachelors degree from Stanford University, graduating with ``great distinction,'' and went on to earn his Juris Doctorate from Harvard University, graduating cum laude.  Following law school, he served as a civil attorney at Smith, Johnson, Fogel & Ramo in San Jose and worked as executive director of the Santa Clara County Bar Association Law Foundation.  Appointed to the Municipal Court in 1981, he served as Presiding Judge of the Court's Felony Division and in 1984, Presiding Judge of the Municipal Court  Immediately after election to the Superior Court in 1986, he was assigned to be the Court's sole civil law and motion judge. Judge Fogel has also served as the civil team leader responsible for settlement and case management.  Judge Fogel is also a recognized expert in judicial ethics and discipline, having taught ethics to judges and lawyers since 1988.  He has served as an advisor on judicial ethics to the Judicial Council of California, the Commission on Judicial Performance and the California Judges Association.  His outstanding experience in the State Courts and his experience advocating for high judicial standards are just some of the reasons Judge Fogel is so well respected within the legal community and has such strong bipartisan support.  Judge Fogel's support--from Republicans and Democrats alike--includes many endorsements from law enforcement leaders, attorneys and Judges on the State Court who know him best.  In the law enforcement community, Judge Fogel has earned the strong support of Santa Clara County District Attorney George Kennedy and the California Narcotics Officers Association.  I'd like to quote from just some of the impressive letters of support we received on behalf of Judge Fogel:  State Court of Appeal Presiding Justice J. Clinton Peterson wrote:       Judge Fogel is a highly disciplined jurist of exceptional      intellect. . . . By reputation he has long been one of the      leading members of the Santa Clara bench, noted particularly      for his outstanding judicial demeanor and impartiality in      applying the law.  Weldon Wood, principal of Robinson & Wood and officer of San Francisco Chapter of American Board of Trial Advocates said:       My experience with Judge Fogel comes from several years of      almost daily contact by me or members of law firm while he      served as the Civil Law & Motion Judge. . . . In that      position he was called upon to read, understand and rule on a      huge volume of motions, many of which were quite complex. He      was exceptionally impressive in his grasp of the facts and      the law in ruling on those motions. His reputation for making      the correct and legal ruling is excellent. He treats all who      appear before him with courtesy, respect and proper judicial      decorum.  Santa Clara County Bar Association President Richard Loftus wrote:       The lawyers of this County believe him to be a bright,      thoughtful person who is a leader of the local judiciary.  Retired California Court of Appeal Associate Justice Harry Brauer said:       [Judge] Fogel is extraordinarily competent, and I am not      given to hyperbole. He is conscientious and has good      judgement. He works very hard . . . There is not a Superior      Court judge in that District who is better qualified then he      is. . . . You could not do better than to nominate Judge      Fogel.  San Jose Attorney David Bennion wrote:       He does not favor one side over another. He treats people      and clients evenhandedly.  As these quotes indicate, Judge Fogel's sound judgement has earned him the highest respect of those in the legal community  Jeremy Fogel, quite simply, is one of the best and brightest Judges in California.  I urge my colleagues in the Senate to confirm his nomination to the Northern District Court.  