 President, let me be very clear. Every letter that is coming in says: Stop, consider, proceed cautiously; this bill would be harmful; it would stop vital research. What is the rush, since the FDA has asserted jurisdiction and the scientific community has engaged in a moratorium? Why proceed like this in such haste, straight to the floor?  Only two letters have come in saying, proceed like this: One from the Christian Coalition, and the other one is from the National Right to Life Committee, two letters. The entire scientific community says, go slow, define your terms, know what you are doing.  Let me share with you what I understand this technology is. Let's say a somatic cell were taken out of my tissue. The nucleus of that cell is removed and is entered into an egg cell and fused. That cell, once fused, begins to divide and create more cells. The only way that cell can produce a human being is if it is put into a human uterus. Otherwise, it cannot produce a human being. We don't even know if it will produce a human being if it is put in a uterus. There is only one known instance in an animal, Dolly, which now Science magazine has challenged in a major way. But what we do know is that those stem cells, because of their DNA, can clone tissue.  For example, a third-degree-burn patient who may reject a skin graft may some day get a skin graft made from his or her own cells and will not reject it. My husband, Bert Feinstein, died of colon cancer and liver cancer. What a miracle if those cells could have been used to come up with a cancer treatment that would have prevented his death. That is really where we are. That is what we hope for.  There are no definitions in the bill. We don't know what they call a somatic cell. We don't know what they call an embryo. The bill does not define oocyte. But the point is, we have to know, and these terms have to be spelled out in the legislation.  The bill says, if there is this stem tissue research, it is illegal, and the scientists have a 10-year sentence.  So what we are begging, imploring, respectfully asking the distinguished majority leader is, please, let's not proceed tomorrow. Let's observe the regular order. Let's go to committee. Let Senator Kennedy and I have an opportunity to present our bill. Let's have the majority leader, Senators Bond and Frist, whom I respect, have an opportunity to present their bill. Let's discuss it and see what is best. Then at least we have heard everybody with knowledge.  Let me be clear. I want a bill. I want a carefully crafted bill. I want this Congress to act to ban the cloning of human beings.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  