 President, I rise today in support of the India-Pakistan Relief Act, which I am cosponsoring with my colleague from Kansas.  Even as we have implemented a strict regime of sanctions on India and Pakistan as called for by law, it is my belief that we must also look to the future and to creating the sort of environment which will allow the United States to engage India and Pakistan in a positive relationship and to restore stability to South Asia.  To that end, this Amendment does something very simple, and something much needed. It is also something which I believe the great majority of this body supports.  The Amendment provides the President with the discretion to waive the application of any sanction or prohibition, for a period of 1 year. It contains an exception for those sanctions dealing with dual-use exports or military sales, which will remain off-limits.  Before the waiver authority is exercised, the President is required to consult with Congress.  And, prior to the expiration of the waiver authority granted in this Amendment, the Secretary of State must report to Congress on developments in India and Pakistan.  This last point is crucial. The waiver authority granted in this Amendment is limited to 1 year. Should India and Pakistan prove to be unwilling to resolve their differences--should the Secretary be unable to report on substantial and significant progress--this Amendment will sunset, and the current sanctions will go back into effect.  It is my belief that the President be given flexibility to use and shape sanctions as most appropriate to attempt to create a positive and constructive environment for the resolution of political and security problems in South Asia. Our current sanctions policy does not provide for that flexibility.  In fact, without this flexibility it is difficult to conceive how the United States can play a positive and constructive role in attempting to head off a potential nuclear arms race in South Asia or to restore stability to the region.  Indeed, the Administration currently has a high-level delegation, headed by Deputy Secretary Talbott, en route to the region to continue talks with India and Pakistan and to continue discussions on bringing the current crisis to a close.  Hopefully, this Amendment will send a positive signal to India and Pakistan that the United States is interested in working with them to resolve their problems, and will provide our negotiators with the leverage that they need if they are to have success in moving the process in a positive direction.  This Amendment structures U.S. policy to secure commitments from India and Pakistan to make real and meaningful progress in rolling back the current crisis, to settle their differences, and to bring peace to South Asia.  Although we do not spell out explicit conditions that India and Pakistan must meet in this Amendment, it is my hope and belief that the flexibility that this Amendment introduces will allow the Administration to work with India and Pakistan to take necessary actions to resolve their political and security differences, including ceasing any further nuclear tests; engaging in a high-level dialogue, putting confidence and security building measures in place; and, take steps to roll-back their nuclear programs and come into compliance with internationally accepted norms on the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.  Indeed, my support of this Amendment lies, in part, in my belief that this is that path that India and Pakistan themselves have indicated that they would like to pursue.  Both India and Pakistan have made statements indicating that they will refrain from future testing. Both have indicated that they are prepared to consider joining the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. And, in a message to the Security Council on July 9, Secretary General Annan wrote that ``I have been encouraged by indications from both sides of their readiness to enter into dialogue addressing peace and security matters and causes of tension, including Kashmir.''  In South Asia today it appears to be too late to talk about preventing the capability of developing nuclear weapons. As I stated on this floor immediately following the first Indian nuclear test, the international community cannot successfully impose nonproliferation policies on South Asia. Ultimately, India and Pakistan must determine for themselves that their own interests are best served by ridding South Asia of weapons of mass destruction--and not by turning the region into a potential nuclear battleground.  The United States, however, must seek ways to work with India and Pakistan to help them reach that determination. It is my belief that this Amendment serves to structure our policies to make that outcome more likely. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this Amendment.  