 President, in view of the attacks leveled against the administration's efforts by leaders of the other body, I felt it necessary to come to the floor today to respond. As a concerned American, who cares deeply for the State of Israel, its future and its security--as I think my statement in the Record on Israel's 50th anniversary will reflect--and as a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and the relevant subcommittee for the past 4 years, I have watched these negotiations go up and down.  What I have never forgotten is the importance of Israel's survival as a Jewish, democratic state with safe and secure borders. I have never forgotten a meeting I had with Yitzhak Rabin in the mid-1980s, when I was the Mayor of San Francisco and he was Israel's Minister of Defense. He explained to me how the demographics of Israel and the West Bank and Gaza showed that, over time, the Jewish majority in these areas would be eroded.  He showed me even then, as we stepped out on the Knesset balcony and looked out and saw how close Jordan really is to the capital, how Israel could return some land, which accomplished the goal of preserving Israel's security from a military and strategic view while also preserving a strong Jewish majority. I have never forgotten that. That is the reason why success in this peace process is so important--because peace is the ultimate guarantor of Israel's security.  No one ever thought it would be easy to achieve peace between Israel and the Palestinians. If it were easy, peace would have already been achieved. It is almost 20 years now since the end of the Camp David accords. But criticizing the administration at this particular point in time, I strongly believe, is counterproductive. In many cases these criticisms are driven by politics--not by the urgent desire for peace and Israel's security. And I find that deeply troubling.  It is a responsibility of the executive branch to conduct these negotiations, not the Congress. That is provided for in the United States Constitution. So, in my view, it would be prudent for all of us who care about Israel and the search for peace to give these negotiations a chance to succeed before rushing to criticize.  There is no more knowledgeable or respected negotiator that I know of than Ambassador Dennis Ross, who is leading the American effort. The State Department has an institutional knowledge of these talks going back 20 years--all the way to the Camp David Accords--which deserves a certain amount of respect as well. And President Clinton's own commitment to Israel and its security cannot seriously be called into question.  For months now, the President has been urged--by many of the same people who are now criticizing him--to put forth a strong effort to rescue what has been a crumbling peace process.  In that time, the Secretary of State and the Middle East peace team have shuttled back and forth to the Middle East trying to find a formula that would advance the talks. President Clinton has been personally engaged in the details of these talks, and has met on several occasions with Prime Minister Netanyahu, Chairman Arafat, and other regional leaders.  After months with no progress, the issues that divide the two sides have crystallized into a clear few dominant issues. So our negotiators have tried to help the two sides identify possible solutions that would allow them to move on to the next stage of the talks.  Like any mediator, having reached this point, the United States now faces two choices: Either identify the terms it feels the parties can move ahead on, or walk away from the talks. Frankly, I would expect them to be criticized whatever they would do.  But what the President and Secretary Albright are doing is not trying to impose a solution on either side--they are simply trying to create the conditions that allow for progress by proposing the ideas they believe can bridge the gaps between the two sides. Ultimately, only the parties themselves can decide if these ideas are acceptable.  To the best of my knowledge, the terms being discussed are quite favorable to Israel: The Palestinians originally sought Israeli redeployment from 30 percent of the West Bank, and Israel offered 8 percent. On the table now is 13 percent, which many security officialsmaintain could isolate two or three settlements, but would not jeopardize Israel's security.  In addition, the current proposal would result in final status talks beginning immediately, and tough requirements on Palestinian security cooperation--both of which Prime Minister Netanyahu has been seeking for many months.  And the Administration is still working hard to address Israel's concerns. Ambassador Ross, who just arrived back from London last night, is flying out to Israel tonight for further talks.  President Clinton made clear what he is trying to do yesterday in a press conference. He said:       I have tried to find a way actually to do what [Prime      Minister Netanyahu] suggested. I have done my best for a year      now to find the formula that would unlock the differences      between them to get them into those final status talks.      That's all I am trying to do. There is no way in the world      that I could impose an agreement on them or dictate their      security to them even if I wished to, which I don't.  If the current peace process fails, the deadlock will likely lead to unilateral acts by both sides, an escalation of violence, the further unraveling of Israel's relations with its neighbors. If the United States is committed to Israel's security, we cannot allow that to happen.  So I want to express my support for the Administration's efforts. I think they are principled, worthy efforts, and are the best hope at the moment of saving the peace process from disaster. They are also grounded in a deep commitment to Israel's security.  So I would ask my colleagues to please give these talks a chance to succeed, to please refrain from attempts to micromanage the Administration's conduct of these negotiations, and to please recognize that Israel's security depends on their success.  Thank you. I yield the floor.  