 President, University of California law professor Charles Alan Wright, one of the Nation's leading conservative constitutional scholars, had this to say about Dr. Fletcher:       Too many scholars approach a new issue with preconceptions      of how it should come out and they force the data that their      research uncovers to support the conclusion that they had      formed before they did the research. I think that is      reprehensible for a scholar and it is dangerous for a judge.       I am completely confident that when Fletcher finishes his      service on the ninth circuit we will say not that he has been      a liberal judge or a conservative judge but that he has been      an excellent judge, one who has brought a brilliant mind,      greater powers of analysis, and total objectivity to the      cases that came before him.       I believe that the nomination of William Fletcher will add      strength to the ninth circuit and I hope very much that he is      confirmed.  I would like to also quote Stephen Burbank of the University of Pennsylvania Law School:       His work is both analytically acute and painstaking in its      regard for history. Indeed, love of and respect for history      shine through all his work, as the history itself illuminates      the various corners of the law he enters.  Interestingly enough, the New Republic wrote in an editorial in 1995:       Fletcher is the most impressive scholar of Federal      jurisdiction in the country. His path-breaking articles on      sovereign immunity and Federal common law have transformed      the debates in these fields; and his work is marked by the      kind of careful historical and textual analysis that should      serve as a model for liberals and conservatives alike. If      confirmed, Fletcher will join his mother--  And as we know now his mother is going to take senior status --     but his judicial philosophy is more constrained than hers. We      hope he is confirmed as swiftly as possible.  That was back in 1995 when he was nominated. It is now almost the end of 1998, and as this man has gone through the scrutiny of 3 years of delay, I must say I very much hope that this body will confirm him this afternoon. I believe, as another has said, that he will, in fact, be an excellent, thoughtful and commonsense judge.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  