 I would ask that I be notified when 10 minutes of my time has gone by, and I will try to share it with the distinguished Senator from Louisiana.  Mr. President, Senator Hatch and I have prepared our bill based on some ten hearings in the Judiciary Committee and is based on, we believe, would create a consensus to create a bill which would do the following: Create a pure tobacco bill with no additional tax measures, no drug enforcement programs, no voucher programs, but which would provide some incentives for the tobacco industry to agree, while increasing the per-pack price, and this is a gross figure, to about a $1.50 over 10 years. This would include excise and State taxes, wholesale and retail markups, manufacturers take. This bill would also ban all tobacco advertising geared toward children and ensures that the FDA has the necessary regulatory authority to regulate the consents, and to limit nicotine. It would also provide, as Senator Hatch has just said, some $92 billion over 25 years for tobacco-related public health programs, and $100 billion over 25 years for research, with tough look-back provisions that require the industry to reduce youth smoking by 67 percent in 10 years.  It would also require States to negotiate an allocation of tobacco funds to counties that filed lawsuits before the June 20, 1997, deadline.  As you know, the McCain bill as it came out of the Commerce Committee, required a total payment of $516 billion over 25 years. The Hatch-Feinstein proposal requires $428.5 billion over the same period. Under the McCain bill, as amended, it would have diverted about half the funds to programs unrelated to tobacco or public health. Under the McCain bill, there was less money going to public health programs and to the States than under Hatch-Feinstein, since 26 percent of the funds right off the top went to an election year tax cut. For instance, for the first five years, $47.2 billion would be left over after the tax cut, the Coverdell amendment then takes the great bulk of funds available for public health programs and uses it for drug enforcement, border patrol and school vouchers. That bill allocated 40 percent of the remaining funds available for State programs, while Hatch-Feinstein allocates 50 percent of the funds directed to the State.  Under our proposal during the first five years, there would be $10 billion more money for Federal public health research and antitobacco programs. There would also be $7 billion more money for State public health and antitobacco programs. The public health aspect, we believe, is the most important part of this legislation. Additionally, one of the most critical areas which must be addressed for any tobacco legislation to be successful in reducing youth smoking, I believe, is advertising. The tobacco industry knows that millions of smokers quit annually and approximately 400,000 Americans die from smoking-related diseases each year. They also understand that 89 percent of all new smokers are adolescents, and for their market share to continue they must continue to market cigarettes to children, and they do.  So, advertising plays a central role in leading young people to smoke.  We know that tobacco companies can no longer advertise on television or radio, so they use alternative forms of advertising and promotion to persuade teens to start smoking. We know that, despite endless promises by the tobacco companies that they have not and would not market to children, that they would not use advertising to appeal to children, they have done exactly what they promised not to do. And the evidence is staggering.  Mr. President, 87 percent of adolescents could recall seeing one or more tobacco advertisements and half could identify the brand name associated with one of four popular cigarette slogans. As a matter of fact, in 1986 Camel cigarettes ranked seventh in popularity among the youngest age group of smokers, with less than 1 percent of all children smoking Camels. One year after Joe Camel was introduced, the brand jumped to No. 3 among teenage smokers--from No. 7 to No. 3--because of Joe Camel. This shows a clear relationship between advertising and teen smoking.  Three months ago, I saw a tape of a television news report where a beautiful 3-year-old girl was able to match the cartoon Joe Camel with the photo of a cigarette. It was chilling. Even a 3-year-old could associate Joe Camel with cigarettes, and it was a positive association. Some have even said more children recognize Joe Camel than Mickey Mouse. It should not be this way in the United States of America.  Our provisions in this bill with respect to advertising are as follows: The companies would have to agree to ban all outdoor advertising; all Internet advertising; all stadium/arena advertising; sponsorship of athletic, music, and other cultural events; human images in ads; cartoon characters in ads; product placement in movies, TV, video games, youth publications, and live performances; placing tobacco logos on nontobacco merchandise such as hats and T-shirts; color and image advertising except for adult-only locations; all adult magazines and newspapers; music and sound effects in audio and video advertising.  So, if a company wants to advertise in media other than periodicals, promotional material, and point-of-sale materials, it must give a 30-day notice to the FDA. These are broad, far-reaching restrictions which will severely limit exposure of children to tobacco advertising.  Senator Hatch has laid out the liability provisions very well. Something I think we have all learned from this debate is that there should be some form of liability cap. That is the incentive--part of it--for the tobacco companies to comply. Our bill caps liability at $5.5 billion. As Senator Hatch stated, it would terminate all Federal, State, and local suits, Castano action, class action, individual preventive addiction and dependency claims.  But all individual suits will be preserved and allowed to proceed, with the exception of those making addiction or dependency treatment claims for past conduct by the companies. They could continue the addiction and dependency treatment as long as an illness was related. Consolidation would be allowed by court action or by motions to join cases filed by individuals.  Additionally, as I have mentioned, the Joe Camel suit was actually brought by a county, and yet that suit was jettisoned in the prior legislation. So we require that the states with those counties who have filed suit before 6/20/97--San Francisco, Los Angeles, Cook County, New York City, and Erie county--that they would all be recognized and provided for in this particular bill.  I want to speak to the look-back provisions for a moment, because we set tough industry targets to reduce youth smoking and they are the following: 15 percent in 3 years, 30 percent in 5 years, 50 percent in 7 years, and 67 percent in 10 years. And the penalties are actually stronger in our bill. The McCain bill, for example, had $40 million penalty per point when the industry is 1 to 5 percent short; we would have $100 million per point. Under McCain, if an industry is 6 to 20 percent short, their penalty would be $120 million per point plus $200 million. Ours impose $200 million per point. Under McCain, it imposes a penalty cap of $2 billion per year industry-wide and $5 billion per year company-specific cap; in our bill, it is $5 billion per year for 5 years and $10 billion thereafter industry-wide.  