 President, I rise today to join Senator D'Amato, Senator Boxer, Senator Rockefeller and others in support of legislation to create the Medical Innovation Tax Credit. The proposed tax credit can be an effective complement to the existing research and experimentation tax credit. The new proposal will support additional medical research at fine research universities, like the University of California and Stanford University, assisting in the development of new products to improve health and save lives. I am pleased to support Senator D'Amato's proposal.  Under the legislation, the Medical Innovation Tax Credit would provide a pharmaceutical or biotechnology company with a tax credit equal to 20% of their expenditures for human drug clinical trials conducted at medical schools, university teaching hospitals or non-profit research hospitals working in conjunction with the National Institutes of Health.  The proposal will provide an important incentive to conduct the research trials in the university hospital setting, improving academic training, health care and the development of new research and bio-medical products.  The legislation will assist medical schools and research institutions leverage additional private sector support for medical schools and teaching hospitals. Teaching hospitals have historically been an important site of research activity. However, partially because of the universities' broad education mission, teaching hospitals face a cost-disadvantage when compared to a ``for profit'' contract research organization. This new research credit will help level the playing field for medical schools and teaching hospitals.  The proposal will help provide, in an indirect manner, additional resources for medical research. The administration and Congress both enthusiastically support increasing federal support for medical research through the National Institutes of Health. However, with our acute budget needs, Congress may face difficulty in meeting our goals. Congress can provide new sources of revenue for these research hospitals by encouraging them to serve as sites for clinical trials. Only clinical research activities conducted in the United States can qualify for the credit, decreasing the economic incentive to move the research activities to lower cost facilities off-shore.  The support is appropriate because academic health centers address important societal priorities, accepting expenses other medical facilities may not have to incur.  University-based teaching hospitals provide a disproportionate share of high-cost, critical services to low-income or uninsured individuals.  University-based teaching hospitals carry a higher burden of necessary, but in many cases unprofitable, services, such as emergency trauma care and burn unit facilities. Academic health centers represent only 2% of all non-federal community hospitals, but have 33% of the trauma units and 50% of its burn units.  The credit will help provide, in an indirect manner, additional funds for medical research by encouraging them to serve as clinical trial sites. The infusion of research dollars will support their vital missions.  The proposal will help arrest the declining rate of clinical research trials conducted at these facilities.  The American Association of Medical Colleges, which supports the legislation, reports a 22% drop in clinical research at member hospitals.  A recent study of three pharmaceutical companies indicates that although pharmaceutical R is larger than the research funds of the National Institutes of Health, the level of university-based clinical trials has declined from 82% in 1989 to 68% in 1993.  This proposal can help schools arrest the steady, five year decline and make the most of their research dollars.  The credit will serve as an effective supplement to the current Research and Experimentation Credit and the Orphan Drug Tax Credit and provide a cost-effective incentive to encourage companies to pursue research in an academic setting. The credit will promote research at teaching hospitals, lead to the development of stronger research universities, contribute to new medical therapies and products and strengthen our world leadership in the important field of medical innovation. I am pleased to lend my support.  