                           Amendment No. 3124  Mr. President, as one who has watched China for some 35 years now, and been a frequent visitor for the past 20 years, I would like to make a few comments on the Hutchinson amendment, which effectively would set up a protocol whereby officials beneath the rank of Cabinet officials could be refused visas to come to this country.  The amendment, while it promotes a worthy goal, goes about it in a completely, I believe, counterproductive way. I do not think there is any Senator in this body who does not condemn the practice of forced abortion, forced sterilization, or any other coercive population control device or measure. We all condemn it.  I do not think there is any Senator in this body who does not condemn religious persecution that prevents people from freely exercising their own personal religious beliefs. Of course, not. We all condemn that. This amendment takes a stand on a principle but it does nothing to help solve the problem it is designed to address, and there is the rub.  We all agree there are certain practices and policies still in China that we oppose. The question we need to ask ourselves is this: What is the best contribution we can make to producing change, real change, in China? I submit that the answer is, we can engage China at all levels, all levels of government. Academia, business, law, and every other kind of social interaction should be energized. We should welcome every chance to interact with the Chinese people and officials as an opportunity to expose them to our values, to expose them to the rule of law, to Democratic values, to individual liberties.  The path set out by this amendment, I believe, is extraordinarily dangerous and it takes us on the opposite path. It is a path of isolation and containment. It cuts ourselves off from the very people we need to help educate and persuade and expose to Western values. And it would surely spark similar countermeasures by the Chinese Government to deny visas to U.S. officials, further deepening our isolation from one another, and developing the adversarial relationship that many of us believe need never happen. It could go on and on in a vicious cycle.  Do any of my colleagues seriously believe that any Chinese official would be dissuaded from conducting any human rights action because they would be denied a visa to the United States? I think not. I do deeply believe that if Chinese officials are exposed to U.S. society--and this has begun. I know it has been criticized, but I see it working. I come from a Pacific rim State where there is a great deal of interaction with Asia. I see our values go across the Pacific. I see them enter the Chinese mainland. I see the changes that have been made.  Mr. President, when Richard Nixon went to China in 1972, China was still in the midst of the Cultural Revolution. There has never been a more brutal period in Chinese history than the Cultural Revolution. We have seen those dark days recede. We have seen a new leadership in place.  For the first time, I believe that this new leader now has the face, has consolidated his power, to begin to make certain major reforms. I very deeply believe we are going to see those reforms in the next few years. Already, there is writing here and in China about the order given to the Chinese military to remove themselves from all commercial endeavors.  Surprisingly enough, this, for the first time, has been done with transparency--in other words, a public statement for all to know that the new policy of the Chinese Government is that the Chinese military will not run commercial operations in trade, in business, or in any other pursuit. This is a very healthy, a very positive advance, which I think the entire free world should take hold of.  Additionally, you heard voluntarily the President of China, after many of us have importuned him over a long period of time, I myself beginning in 1991 carrying messages from His Holiness, the Dalai Lama, to the President of China, urging that there be a meeting--for the first time, the President of China has said publicly, with transparency, that if His Holiness, the Dalai Lama, makes a statement that respects the fact that Tibet is a part of China and that independence is not a part of the discussions, that there can be meetings that follow.  This is, true, a breakthrough in rhetoric, but it has never happened before in the 8 years I have been trying to achieve it. That happened while the President was in China. So these changes are being made.  One by one--perhaps not enough--the freeing of political dissidents, the adoption of a 30-day period of administrative leave, the Chinese interests in developing exchanges in the rule of law, to develop a modern commercial code, a modern criminal code, hopefully to press for the independence of the judicial branch of Government which currently is subject to party control --all of these are the breakthroughs that we should begin to press.  We have certain intellectual property, certain intellectual property concerns. How could those ever be brought about if we could not have an exchange of lower level officials to see to it that intellectual property laws are being carried out? It makes no sense to me. I believe it is one step toward containment and isolation. I believe that both of those are unwarranted, highly counterproductive----  