 President, I rise on behalf of the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee and myself to address the two amendments that I have just sent to the desk. The first amendment addresses the political, economic, and social turmoil now facing Indonesia, one of our most important allies, and calls for a more active U.S. role in supporting a peaceful economic and political transition in Indonesia.  The second amendment expresses my concern and condemnation over the allegations regarding the brutal treatment and rape of ethnic Chinese women in Indonesia during the riots that occurred this past May, a situation that, if left unaddressed, threatens to undermine the other progress that Indonesia is making.  Taken together, I believe that these two amendments provide a solid framework for U.S. policy towards this vital country.  Indonesia is a country of great significance for the United States, and we have a great deal riding on the outcome of the current period of economic and political transition.  Indonesia is the world's fourth-most populous nation, and its ethnic and religious diversity boasts the world's largest Muslim population;  Indonesia is comprised of over 13,000 islands which span important sea lanes, including 50 percent of volume of all international shipping and every major route between the Indian and Pacific Oceans;  Indonesia has served as a vital engine of East Asian economic growth. It possesses vast natural resources, including oil and gas. Before the disruption caused by the current global financial crisis, the World Bank in 1997 estimated that Indonesia would possess the world's 6th largest economy by early in the new century, and Indonesia has been an active proponent of more liberal trade measures in the Asia-Pacific region;  As the largest member of ASEAN, and a founder of the Asian Regional Forum, Indonesia has been a linchpin of regional security, and has worked with the United States on many key regional security concerns;  In short, the United States has a profound national interest in the emergence of a stable, prosperous and democratic Indonesia from its current period of instability.  Let me briefly recap some of the issues currently facing Indonesia and the developments which underscore, I believe, the need for these two Amendments.  First, in response to public pressure to step down, earlier this year President Suharto resigned after thirty-two years in office. Following an orderly transfer of power, the new President, B.J. Habibie, assembled a cabinet, took some initial steps towards political reform, and pledged new elections.  Several dangers still lie ahead. Indonesia lacks a system with strong and capable democratic institutions and has a long history of regional, religious and ethnic tensions. The road to a more open and democratic political system will be long and hazardous.  Second, at the same time as Indonesia must make progress in this political transition, it is imperative that the Habibie government also take action to address the economic crisis that continues to buffet Indonesia.  In other words, it is in the national interest of the United States that there be a stable, prosperous and democratic Indonesia and that it come out of its current period of instability.  The first amendment before this body addresses the political, economic, and the social turmoil now facing Indonesia, and it calls for a more active U.S. role in supporting a peaceful economic and political transition and for America to lead a major humanitarian effort. Mr. President, today, at least 7\1/2\ million people are facing starvation in that country.  The second amendment is a sense of the Senate that expresses the concern and condemnation regarding allegations for the brutal mistreatment of the ethnic Chinese community within that country. That community totals about 6 percent of Indonesia's population. It is an entrepreneurial mercantile class. Once before, in the 1960s, during a pro-Communist revolution, the Chinese ethnic community was made a scapegoat, and literally tens of thousands of people were killed. This time, once again, there was a brutal outbreak against this community, and this resolution condemns it in no uncertain terms.  Mr. President, I believe that Indonesia is extraordinarily important economically. As I said, the rupiah has fallen by over 70 percent in value in the past year. The country is saddled with about $80 billion in private debt and the prospect of a fall of 10 percent in its gross domestic product and a drop of over 25 percent of its manufacturing output. The economy is at a standstill. Inflation is threatening to reach triple digits and unemployment is rising rapidly.  While I believe that Indonesia has the long-term capacity to work its way back to prosperity, in the short term the pain will likely get worse as the full effect of the financial crisis works its way through the economy.  Finally, Indonesia is on the brink of a profound humanitarian crisis.  In the past year Indonesia has faced severe droughts and massive fires, with the end result being that Indonesia is now unable to produce sufficient food to meet the needs of its people--food shortages which have been exacerbated by the current economic crisis.  In a somewhat limited assessment earlier this year, the World Food Program estimated that more than 7.5 million Indonesians in the Eastern areas faced severe food shortages, malnutrition, and starvation as a result of the drought and fires. Others have estimated that with the effects of the economic crisis compounding the natural disasters, upwards of 100 million people across all of Indonesia may soon face acute food shortages.  The Administration, I believe, is to be commended for its handling of the situation thus far. President Clinton's meeting with Suharto at APEC last fall, Special Presidential Envoy Mondale's session with Suharto in March, Secretary Albright's numerous discussions with Foreign Minister Alatas, and Assistant Secretary Roth's many trips to Jakarta have provided the United States an opportunity to encourage and support Indonesian political and economic reform.  The Administration has also made important pledges of food aid--more than 230,000 tons this year through grants and ``soft'' loans, with much more promised if and as the crisis deepens.  In assessing the challenges facing Indonesia, however, I believe that the United States must do more to assist the people of Indonesia to take advantage of the challenges and opportunities of a post-Suharto era.  Indeed, beyond the ``macro'' questions of political and economic reform,hard-won gains made over the past thirty years in such areas as nutrition, sanitation and public health are all under threat, while, crime, child labor, and poverty are on the rise. Ordinary Indonesians are suffering as a result of this crisis.  First, in recognition of the need to help alleviate that suffering, this Amendment supports the Administration's pledges of humanitarian food assistance. Moreover, it calls on the United States to take a leading role in the international community in developing and implementing efforts to meet Indonesia's humanitarian and food needs, with the goal of assuring that programs are put in place which will prevent famine and which will meet the basic needs of Indonesia's people.  I believe it is extraordinarily important that the United States lead a major international effort at humanitarian relief to see that the people of Indonesia avoid starvation. And this sense of the Senate, the first resolution, puts this body in support of the administration's actions and urges the administration to go a step further and lead a major international humanitarian relief effort.  Second, this amendment supports Indonesia's efforts to move forward with economic reforms. As I have already said, while I am encouraged by some of the positive signs we have seen thus far, the key question is whether the Habibie government will be more successful than its predecessor in carrying through on its economic reform commitments.  To that end this amendment calls on the United States to adopt a more aggressive approach to working with Indonesia to implement serious and far reaching economic and fiscal reform: To restructure corporate debt, reform bankrupt and corrupt economic structures, implement transparent legal and banking systems, and open its economy to greater international trade.  At the same time, this amendment recognizes that such economic reform can not come without considerable disruption to the lives of many Indonesians, and it thus supports efforts by the Government of Indonesia to cast a wide social safety net to provide relief to those in need.  Finally, given President Habibie's public affirmation of the importance of moving on political reform and economic recovery in tandem--an approach I agree with--this amendment also calls on the Administration to take a more activist approach to working to develop democratic institutions and processes in Indonesia, to see that the human rights of all Indonesians are respected and protected, and for the Government of Indonesia to adhere to its commitment to hold elections.  In sum, this amendment seeks to encourage the development of more active and engaged U.S. approach to Indonesia, and a U.S. policy which will work the Indonesian government to develop and lead a reform process that is deep and wide, reaches out to all Indonesians, and lays the groundwork for restored confidence in Indonesia's political and economic future.  The second amendment which I have offered today speaks to a specific situation in Indonesia which I fear, if left unaddressed, runs the risk of undermining the progress which Indonesia has made and the goals articulated by my first amendment: The question is the treatment of its ethnic Chinese minority during the riots of this May, and specifically what appears to be systematic rape against the female population as an instrument of terror.  Mr. President, in all too many places and in all too many conflicts in recent years we have witnessed the use of rape and sexual torture as an instrument of war and ethnic cleansing. Although, I am sad to say, some incidents of rape have always accompanied war and turmoil in human history, the record of the past few years, with the use of organized, systematic campaigns of rape as a tool of terror, is almost as though a new chapter in the barbarity of human history has been opened.  I was therefore deeply troubled when I learned that there are serious and credible allegations that rape was used as an instrument of terror in targeted attacks on the ethnic Chinese community in Indonesia during the riots this past May.  According to credible reports, at least 168 cases of rape occurred in Jakarta alone during the riots of May 13-15, 1998 as part of a pattern of political violence targeted against ethnic Chinese in Indonesia.  An investigative report published in Asiaweek on July 24, 1998 describes incidents documented by Rosita Noer, an Indonesian physician and human rights activist. For example, ``In three Chinese areas of west Jakarta, between 5 and 8 pm, dozens of men dragged a hundred or so girls on to the streets, stripped them and forced them to dance before a crowd. Twenty were raped, then some burned alive, says Noer. She examined six other victims attacked in their homes in different areas of Jakarta. The girls were between the ages of 14 and 20; four of them had been raped by seven men.''  In light of such reports, I was encouraged by President Habibie's decision two months ago to set up a national committee of inquiry to investigate the rapes, and his branding these rapes as criminal, inhumane actions.  I have been troubled, however, by the lack of clear and decisive action taken by the Government of Indonesia over the past three months to investigate these rapes and bring the perpetrators to justice.  Just this past weekend, for example, Indonesian Women's Affairs Minister Tutty Alawiah, one of the leaders of the government investigation, was reported in the press to have stated that ``The team has been conducting an investigation for 1\1/2\ months now but has found no women who fell victim to gang rape or who claimed to have been raped during the May riots.''  Minister Tutty Alawiah's statement, and those of other leading Indonesian political figures have also been quoted in the press as doubting the veracity of the rapes, fly in the face of the voluminous credible findings of independent groups, such as the Indonesian Human Rights Commission, as well as numerous reports in the media, which have found considerable evidence of the these criminal, inhuman, rapes.  For example, in an August 3, 1998 story Business Week reported that ``On May 14, trucks loaded with muscular men raced to shopping centers and housing projects owned by ethnic Chinese. The men doused the shops and houses with gasoline and set off devastating fires. At least 182 women were raped or sexually tortured, some of them repeatedly, by men with crewcuts whom the victims believed to be soldiers. At least 20 women are confirmed to have died as a result.''  ``Confirmed to have died.'' I do not want to cast aspersions on the government's official investigation, but I can not help but find it curious that a journalist can find evidence of the rapes and the aftermath yet one of the leaders of the government's investigation can not.  I find this particularly troubling in light of an August 1, 1998 Agence France-Presse news story which reported that ``At least 22 victims and witnesses of rapes during the widespread rioting in Indonesia in May have talked to a team set up by the government to probe violence during the unrest.''  What has become of the evidence provided by these 22 victims and witnesses, that Minister Tutty Alawiah claims that no evidence of the rapes can be found and that no victims have come forward?  The Chicago Tribune, on July 29, 1998, carried a story featuring ``Aileen'', a still-hospitalized 24 year old ethnic Chinese women raped by a group of men and left in a pool of blood.  Are the government investigators unwilling or unable to find this women, and the many others like her, so easily found and interviewed by an American journalist?  Perhaps most telling, a July 13, 1998 report by the Volunteers Team for Humanity, headed by Father Sandyawan, a respected Indonesian human rights activist, found ample documentation of systematic and organized rapes targeted at Indonesia's ethnic Chinese community.  The report contains locations of rapes, the modus operandi of the perpetrators, dates of the rapes, and quotes from victims and witnesses, among other documentary evidence.  Indeed, it is ironic to note that the authors of this July 13 report undertook their documentary efforts precisely because they feared that therewould be efforts to ``cover the case up as if it never happened.''  What has become of this credible volume of documentation gathered by a respected independent group in the context of the government investigation?  In short, there appears to be ample evidence that these rapes occurred, and that the director of the United Nations Development Fund for Women was well-founded in her belief when she stated that these rapes occurred as part of an ``organized reaction to crisis.''  I realize that the Indonesian government investigation is not yet complete. But I find it deeply troubling that there are signs that the official government investigation of these incidents may be guided more by political considerations then by a commitment to the truth and to justice.  We all know that there are numerous problems that arise with efforts to investigate and document rape. Many women are afraid to speak to investigators. There is embarrassment and great social stigma.  And, in a case like Indonesia, where there are allegations that members of the armed forces may have been involved in the riots and rapes, there is a special need to assure that any victims who cooperate with the investigation receive protection.  But given the ability of others--independent groups and the media--to compile significant and credible evidence of the rapes which appeared to have occurred during the May riots, it is unsettling, to say the least, to be faced with the prospect that the government may try to deny that the rapes occurred at all, let alone to bring to justice those responsible.  Thus, the second Amendment which I have offered here today condemns in no uncertain terms the rapes and mistreatment of the ethnic Chinese community during the May riots.  Moreover, it urges a full, fair, and complete investigation of the rape allegations and calls for those responsible to be brought to justice.  It calls on the Government of Indonesia to assure that the human rights of the ethnic Chinese community--indeed of all Indonesians--should be respected and protected; that the reparations the government has pledged to those who lost property in the May riots should be expedited, and that rape victims should receive just compensation as well, including medical care where still-needed.  The Amendment also calls on the Administration to provide support and assistance to the Indonesian government and the independent human rights groups investigating these allegations, in the interest of assuring full, fair, and complete investigations.  Lastly, it calls for the administration to provide Congress with a report evaluating the allegations surrounding these rapes, the actions taken by the Government of Indonesia, and the implications for U.S.-Indonesian relations.  Essentially what the resolution does is condemn these acts, calls on the administration to work with the Indonesian government committee investigating these acts in hopes that the investigation will be forthcoming and straightforward and will take adequate measures to bring to justice those responsible for these riots and these rapes.  To those in Indonesia who may misinterpret my intent with this Amendment let me be clear: I do not offer this Amendment as an attack on the Government of Indonesia. Just the opposite. I offer it because I understand how difficult it can be to face up to misdeeds and take necessary and responsible action to rectify the situation, and I want the people of Indonesia to know that as they move forward and deal with this difficult issue that if they do the right thing their friends will be there to offer support and assistance.  It is my belief that if Indonesia does not take adequate measures to bring to justice those responsible for the May riots and rapes, it may well set itself down a course in which political and economic reform, democratization, respect for human rights--in short, many of the measures which Indonesia so desperately needs to undertake to work itself out of the present crisis--become all but impossible. That would be a great tragedy for the people of Indonesia, and a great disappointment to those of us here in the Senate who consider ourselves friends of the Indonesian people.  Mr. President, Indonesia is undergoing a dramatic transformation. The transition to a more pluralistic system will likely be lengthy and difficult. The United States has long sought to promote a more open and tolerant Indonesia. I believe that the United States must continue to work closely with Indonesia during this critical transition period, while acknowledging that only the Indonesian people can determine their future. It is my hope that the two amendments which I have offered today can contribute to this process.  I thank the chairman of the committee, the distinguished Senator from Kentucky, for his support of these two amendments to the bill.  Mr. McCONNELL addressed the Chair.  