 President, at the end of this week, Vice President Gore is scheduled to depart for Moscow to conduct meetings in preparation for a summit meeting between President Clinton and President Yeltsin in September. I believe this meeting and the future summit is really long overdue and extraordinarily important. I would like to take a few minutes to speak about the relationship between our country and the new Russia.  United States-Russian relations today stand at a critical juncture. It has been almost a decade since the end of the cold war, and although we have made great strides in reestablishing the friendship that characterized relations between our two countries in the recent past, we have yet to establish the basis for the kind of partnership that is adequate to guide our two nations into the next century.  The Russian Federation is nearly twice the size of the continental United States. It covers 11 time zones, with a population of close to 150 million people. Lest we not forget, Russia is a country with a nuclear arsenal capable of annihilating the Earth many times over.  Few countries on this Earth have undergone the sort of wrenching political, economic, and social transformation that Russia is now going through. While China has moved slowly and carefully to release centralized control over its economy, the Russian model has moved rapidly, in a macro way, to embrace both economic and social democracy.  Today, Russia remains fragile. The United States has a huge stake in what happens now. Our goal must be to see that Russia remains a stable, modern state, democratic in its governance, abiding by its constitution and its laws, market-oriented and prosperous in its economic development, at peace with itself and with the rest of the world. A Russia that reflects these aspirations is likely to be part of the solution, rather than part of the problem, to world peace.  Conversely, a Russia that erects barriers against what it sees as a hostile world, that believes the best defense is a good offense--such a Russia could be in the 21st century just as it was for much of the 20th century--one of the biggest problems the United States and the rest of the world will face.  Russia may be down as a major power, but it is far from out. Although it is all too easy for some to look at Russia today and conclude that it is not a country that demands attention as a top U.S. foreign policy priority, that, in my mind, would be a grievous error in judgment. To place United States-Russian relations in a secondary category of concern is a surefire recipe for disaster. The United States has an enormous stake in the outcome of the present Russian struggle for democracy and free markets.  I believe that it is in Russia's own interests to conduct a concerted effort against the antidemocratic forces and the ultra nationalistic ones, against crime and corruption and, yes, against old Soviet attitudes and habits. This is the course which the government of President Yeltsin has undertaken, and he has done it despite many impediments that still stand in the way.  Too often we have been quick to point out the shortcomings and imperfections of the Yeltsin government and of Russia--and as recent questions regarding Russian assistance to the Iranian missile program indicate, there is some reason for deep concern.  I am fully supportive of the President's decision last week to sanction nine Russian companies for cooperation with Iran. In my mind, Russia's assistance to Iran indicates just how far Russia has yet to travel if it wants to be a full partner with the United States in the international community. But I must also note that the cooperation that Russia now provides is a welcome reversal of its stance of a few years ago. I hope that this new level of cooperation is a major harbinger of things to come.  Indeed, for those who care to look, there have been many positive developments in Russia over the past years--positive developments that include President Yeltsin's constitutionally based election and reelection in 1996, the defeat of hyperinflation, the end of the war in Chechnya in 1997, the signing of the NATO-Russia Founding Act, and successful Russian participation in joint peacemaking operations in Bosnia.  Russia has also made enormous strides in integrating into global economic and regional economic institutions, including the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the ASEAN Regional Forum, the Council of Europe, the Paris Club, and more. Russia has strengthened its ties to the European Union and is active in the United Nations and Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe.  That is not to say Russian reform has scored a knockout blow against crime and corruption, or that the Russian economy is home free. In fact, the current economic crisis and resulting political instability presents the new democracy with its greatest challenge to date.  The package agreed to last week by Russia and the International Monetary Fund provides significant funding, we hope, to stabilize the Russian economy, and it contains major fiscal reform elements, including tax reform, some of which are going to be put in place, as well as far-reaching structural reforms to increase growth and free-market competition. It represents an important pledge by Russia to continue the development of a free-market democracy, and it is an important vote by the international community in the importance of this new Russia.  Russia may still be struggling, but it is my belief that it is on the cusp of a constructive interaction in the international community as a democracy. This must be encouraged. As one analyst wrote about World War II era Germany and Japan, ``There are no dangerous peoples; there are only dangerous situations, which are the result, not of laws of nature or history, or of national character or charter, but of political arrangements.''  In Russia today, there is a growing ultranationalism which represents a major threat to its progress as a democracy, and we must be cognizant of that.  It will take courage for Russia to look to the future positively, to abandon obsolete thinking, to reassess its national security needs and interests in light of new alliances. It will require a high level of determination and hard work by our country to work with Russia to develop these institutions, institutions which can encourage the growth of democracy and free markets and lead to a more stable and cooperative and prosperous new Russia.  But if future generations are to be spared the danger, the expense, and the terror faced by my generation in dealing with Russia, if we are truly to reap the benefits of the end of the cold war, we cannot stand by and wait to see whether democracy and free markets will survive in Russia.  In more concrete terms, I believe that the time is ripe for a full-scale, high-level, new initiative towards Russia as we approach the 21st century.  The Vice President's trip and this September's summit, I hope, will contribute greatly toward this process, but the Senate bears a special responsibility for the conduct of our Nation's foreign policy. We must play a role, too.  This initiative, I believe, should focus on ways in which the United States can work effectively with the new Russia to strengthen and encourage democratization; to support efforts by the IMF and the international community to assist Russia's economy to make the full transition to free markets; to examine and revise outdated legislation which has created roadblocks and bottlenecks in United States-Russian relations and which place United States firms doing business in Russia at a competitive disadvantage; to provide help in the fight against corruption and organized criminal enterprise in Russia; to expedite existing United States resources now available through OPIC, the Eximbank, and other financial institutions through the development of fast-track type programs which cut red tape for worthy business projects and investments; to encourage and expand existing academic, cultural, and other exchange programs, including those between the Congress and the Duma which aim to support Russia's reformers; and, finally, to work to fully integrate Russia as an equal partner in the international political, economic, and security institutions.  We must understand how the right kind of foreign assistance can play a crucial role in assuring Russian economic growth and vitality. And we must understand how our assistance can help create the ability for Russia to consolidate its gains and provide the opportunity for Russia to work out its national identity and destiny in ways which will complement American interests.  None of this will be easy and all of it will require sustained effort. To that end, the Vice President's trip this week is a first major step. And to that end also, I hope to be able to work with the chairman and ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee of this body to conduct hearings to examine the nature and future direction of United States policy toward Russia. From these hearings I hope we can develop legislation to address United States policy in the areas I have outlined above, and to strengthen United States-Russian ties in an appropriate way.  I deeply believe that this relationship needs the most intensive concern and interaction at the present time. We must give Russia both time and opportunity to consolidate the reforms that constitute the good news of the past few years, to work with them to beat back the forces that threaten this progress, and to assist them to become a stable, prospering, democratic republic which can be a partner for world peace in the next century.  I thank the Chair and I yield the floor.  