 President, I support S. 1301, and intend to vote for its passage. It gives bankruptcy judges the tools they need to require that capable debtors take responsibility for their debts. Furthermore, it does so in a manner that empowers bankruptcy judges to seek solutions to consumer insolvency, rather than straitjacketing them with a strict formula. Finally, S. 1301 contains strengthened provisions to protect the priority of child support and spousal support, which I supported in the Judiciary Committee.  Responsibility cannot be a one-way street, however. The blame for the current record number of consumer bankruptcies lies not only with unsound consumer spending habits, but often with unwise and irresponsible lending practices that facilitate and even foster such recklessness. This amendment aims to deter such recklessness in credit practices.  It authorizes the Federal Reserve Board to conduct a study of industry practices of soliciting and extending credit indiscriminately, without taking steps to ensure that consumers are capable of repaying their debt, or in a manner that encourages consumers to accumulate additional debt. The Federal Reserve Board is further authorized to study the effects of such practices on consumer debt and insolvency.  Within two years of enactment, the Federal Reserve Board will make public a report on its findings, regarding the credit industry's indiscriminate solicitation and extension of credit.  The amendment allows the Federal Reserve Board to issue regulations that would require additional disclosures to consumers, and to take any other actions, consistent with its statutory authority, that the board finds necessary to ensure responsible industrywide practices and to prevent resulting consumer debt and insolvency.  This amendment directly addresses one of the major causes of personal bankruptcies: bad consumer debt.  It's a simple matter of arithmetic. The typical family filing bankruptcy in 1997 owed more than one-and-a-half times its annual income in short-term, high interest debt. This means that the average family in bankruptcy, with a median income of just over $17,500, had $26,500 in credit card and other short-term, high interest debt.  Studies by the Congressional Budget Office, the FDIC, and independent economists all link the rise in personal bankruptcies directly to the rise in consumer debt.  Last year, the credit card industry sent out a record 3.1 billion unsolicited offers. That's 30 solicitations to every household in America. The number of solicitations jumped 20% last year alone. Based on industry estimates, between 1992 and 1996, credit card companies offered about a million dollars of credit to every household in the United States.  There are well over a billion cards in circulation--a dozen credit cards for every household in the country. Three-quarters of all households have a least one credit card, and three out of four of them also carry credit card debt from month to month.  Not surprisingly, credit card debt has increased accordingly. Credit card debt doubled between 1993 and 1997: The amount of credit card debt outstanding at the end of 1997 was $422 billion, twice as much as the amount in 1993.  Credit card usage has grown fastest in recent years among debtors with the lowest incomes. Since the early 1990's, Americans with incomes below the poverty level nearly doubled their credit card usage, and those in the $10,000-25,000 income bracket came in a close second in the rise in debt. The result is not surprising: 27% of the under-$10,000 families have consumer debt that is more than 40% of their income. Nearly one in ten has at least one debt that is more than sixty days past due. These are the families for whom real income has actually declined since 1989.  Credit card issuers earn about 75% of their revenues from the interest paid by borrowers who do not pay in full each month. Several companies have instituted charges or even canceled credit cards for customers who pay in full each month, preferring customers with large credit balances who pay minimum monthly payments.  As bankruptcy levels have risen, total credit card profitability has grown--credit card lending is now twice as profitable as all other lending activities. In the third quarter of 1997, credit card banks showed a 2.59% return on assets, compared to a 1.22% return on assets reported by all commercial banks.  This amendment most likely would not affect the vast majority of the credit card industry, who responsibly check consumer credit history before issuing or ``pre-approving'' credit cards. Representatives of large credit card issuers such as Bank of America have assured me and my staff that they do not provide credit cards to consumers without a thorough credit history check.  However, I should note that every credit card issuer that I and my staff spoke with said that one thing they do not check is income. In other words, credit card issuers have no idea whether persons to whom they issue credit cards have the means to pay their bills each month.  Furthermore, major credit cards such as Visa and Mastercard do not require banks who issue their cards to check credit history.  This bill would affect lenders who fail to even inquire into a consumer's ability to pay, or those who specifically target consumers who can't or won't repay balances.  A growing segment of the credit industry known as ``sub-prime'' lenders increasingly searches for risky borrowers, who they know will make inappropriately low minimum monthly payments, carry large monthly balances from month to month, and pay high interest rates. Such lending has become the fastest growing, most-profitable subset of consumer lending. Although losses are substantial, interest rates of 18 to 40% on credit card debt make this lending profitable.  Many of these often relatively unsophisticated borrowers don't realize that minimum monthly payments just put them deeper in a hole, which in many cases leads to bankruptcy. For example, industry analysts estimate that, using a typical minimum monthly payment rate on a credit card, in order to pay off a $2,500 balance--assuming the consumer never used the card to charge anything else ever again--it would take 34 years to pay off the balance, and total payments would exceed 300% of the original principal.  The FDIC observes that by marketing high-risk debt to customers who are at substantial risk for non-payment, credit card issuers have contributed to the rise in consumer bankruptcies.  On May 2, 1997, the FDIC issued warnings to banks about the risks posed by increased subprime lending. Some industry analysts predict that overall loan default rates will double by the year 2001 and thus warn that ``by lowering their credit standards and saturating the market with loans, many banks will be unable to avoid potentially enormous delinquencies and write-offs.''  Subprime lending is growing even among reputable lenders. Senator Lauch Faircloth, who notes that he ``abhors . . . constraints on the private sector,'' recently stated about the subprime market: ``We have very reputable, very fine institutions, spinning off subsidiaries to get into what I would consider very precarious, reckless, bordering on sleazebag lending.''  Since the Senate Judiciary Committee considered this bill in June, I have received examples from constituents of credit card companies who offer creditcards to persons who are wholly unable to afford them. I have also had my staff review solicitations they have received.  I want to give you some examples of the sort of inappropriate credit card solicitations my constituents and my staff have received.  A constituent from San Ramon, CA, wrote that her 7-year old son received a ``charter membership offer'' for a Visa Signature Card. The constituent writes:       If banks are offering bankcards to small children, who else      (or what else) are they offering them to. This kind of      unsolicited mail is ridiculous.  This is not an isolated occurrence. Both sons of a staff member who works in my San Francisco office received credit card offers--and they're 12 and 15 years old. The 12-year-old is an eighth grader, with no income other than a $25 a month allowance and gifts from his grandmother and holiday and birthday gifts. He is a Star Trek fan, and he was offered a ``Star Trek Platinum Plus MasterCard,'' with up to $100,000 in credit. The card features discounts on Star Trek merchandise and entertainment events. The solicitation noted an introductory 3.9 percent annual percentage rate in large, bold print. The small print on the back explains that the rate applies only to initial balance transfers and cash advance checks. The actual annual percentage rate is 14.99 percent.  The 12-year-old's 15-year-old brother was also offered a credit line of up to $100,000 on the ``First USA Platinum MasterCard for Science Fiction Enthusiasts.'' This card offered a free space pen and a 9.99 percent ``fixed'' annual percentage rate. The small print explained that if payment is received ``late'' twice in any 6-month period, the annual percentage rate balloons to 19.99 percent. If payment is not received for 2 consecutive months, the rate balloons further to 22.99 percent.  It's not just children. A constituent from Lakewood, CA, wrote to me last month:       I am sending to you [a solicitation] which I received in      the mail yesterday. It was addressed to my mother and was      offering her a platinum credit card with a $100,000 credit      line. What's wrong with this? My mother's been dead for seven      years!  The constituent continues:       What really bugs me about this is that credit card      companies send out these solicitations for their plastic      cards and then when they get burned, they start crying foul.      They want all kinds of laws passed to protect them from      taking hits when it's their own practices that caused the      problem.  A 22-year-old constituent from Pacifica, CA, who makes $25,000 a year, was offered 3 platinum cards with a credit limit of up to $100,000 on each card. Two of the cards advertised in large, bold print, ``introductory'' annual percentage rates of 3.9 percent for cash advance checks and balance transfers. The fine print on both cards disclosed the actual annual percentage rates on purchases of 14.99 percent. The other card offered free mileage on US Airways. The fine print disclosed its annual percentage rate as 18.4 percent; 21.9 percent if the account is in default.  Another constituent, also from Pacifica, CA, who is unemployed, was offered a platinum card with an up to $50,000 credit line. As with a number of these offers, the solicitation boldly advertised an ``introductory'' annual percentage rate of 3.9 percent for cash advance checks and balance transfers, but the fine print on both cards disclosed the actual annual percentage rate on purchases of 14.99 percent. The other card offered free mileage on US Airways.  Besides low introductory interest rates, which inevitably balloon, and frequent flier miles, the range of gifts offered to induce people to take on new credit cards is incredible. In the past couple of months that I have been asking my staff to save solicitations, ``free'' gifts offered to them--and to me--to take on new credit cards, have included everything from: free telephone calling cards, to transistor radios, attache cases, Godiva chocolates, Waterford crystal, and electronic organizers.  And the credit card companies are anything if not persistent. Over the past couple months, one of my staff members has received 4 offers for second mortgages, totaling $75,000 in credit, one of which was sent twice; $230,000 in credit, with free gifts as incentives; and a ``college alumni'' card, offering a ``third opportunity'' to apply.  These sort of come-on's, targeting people who oftentimes are simply incapable of affording the credit card, are by no means unique to Californians.  Bankruptcy Judge John Akard of the Northern District of Texas wrote that the attorneys for one couple who filed Chapter 13 bankruptcy asked them to record solicitations received after filing for bankruptcy. The received over 50 solicitations over the next 24 months, offering cumulatively over $2 million in credit; 25 of these were ``pre-approved.''  Consumer bankruptcy attorneys tell my staff that some companies send credit cards to bankruptcy filers courtesy of their bankruptcy attorneys.  In fact, a staff member informed me that when he did pro bono work for indigent people filing bankruptcy, the pro bono attorneys had to constantly tell the bankruptcy filers not to take on new credit cards, which credit card companies targeted to them, knowing that they could not disavow their debt for a period of six years following bankruptcy.  In many cases, credit cards offered to consumers who have no ability to repay them and no reason having them is a direct cause of personal bankruptcy. The U.S. Bankruptcy Trustee for the Southern District of California provided my office with some examples, taken directly from the rolls of recent bankruptcy filers in San Diego: One bankruptcy filer had $41,989 in debt, run up on 25 retail and credit cards--but only $17,520 in yearly income; another bankruptcy filer, had $23,826 in debt, run up on 6 credit cards and 7 retail cards--and only $4,320 in yearly income; still another bankruptcy filer had $28,054 in debt, run up on 6 credit cards and 9 retail cards, but only $11,520 in yearly income; and in the most egregious case, one filer had $97,372 in debt, run up on a total of 26 cards--13 credit cards and 13 retail cards--and had no yearly income. Another filer had over $50,000 in debt run up on 7 credit cards--and no yearly income.  Similarly, the United States Trustee for the Northern District of California provided my office with a case study of some of the recent bankruptcy cases filed in San Francisco; a ``naturopath'' with an annual income of $8,100, accumulated $44,690 in credit card debt, on 13 credit cards before declaring bankruptcy; a truck driver with $22,368 in annual income, accumulated $102,645 in credit card debt on 14 credit cards before declaring bankruptcy; an unemployed person with no annual income, accumulated $50,927 in debt on 14 different credit cards before declaring bankruptcy; and the list goes on.  U.S. bankruptcy trustees have also provided my office with letter after letter, originally sent by U.S. bankruptcy panel trustees to creditors, alleging ``bad faith'' on behalf of consumers, because the debtor accumulated credit card debts they could have had no realistic expectation of repaying. For example, one letter notes that the debtor accumulated over $110,635 in credit card debt, but had $500 in monthly income, and had incurred a net loss in income in 1996 and 1997.  If the consumer acted in bad faith, one wonders about the faith of the credit card companies that issued the credit cards in the first place and allowed the consumer to continue to accumulate debt.  Obviously, in each of these cases, banks kept on issuing credit cards, and kept on allowing consumers to rack up still more debt on the cards, despite clear evidence that the consumer would never be able to repay the debt.  During the debate on this bill, we have heard much about the financial burden that consumer bankruptcies levy on each of us as consumers. Clearly, part of the responsibility for that financial burden rests with the credit card companies and retailers who irresponsibly continue to issue credit in such cases. Indeed, industry consultants have estimated that credit card companies could cut their bankruptcy losses by more than 50% if they would institute minimal credit screening.  As I mentioned at the outset, I support S. 1301, which gives bankruptcy judges effective tools to require responsible behavior from debtors once bankruptcies occur. This amendment is necessary to promote the responsible behavior needed to prevent such bankruptcies from occurring in the firstplace, by preventing the runaway consumer debt that is one of the principal causes of the rise in personal bankruptcies.  I urge my colleagues to vote for the adoption of this amendment.  I end my comments with one statement: Responsibility is a two-way street. And what is sauce for the gander is also sauce for the credit card company.  Mr. President, it is my understanding that the amendment has been accepted by both sides.  I yield the floor.  