 President, I opposed the override of the veto of H.R. 1122, a bill banning emergency late-term abortions. There are several reasons why this is a flawed bill. This bill attempts to ban a specific medical procedure, called by opponents, partial-birth abortion, but there is no medical definition of partial-birth abortion. The language in this bill is so vague that it could affect far more than the one particular procedure it seeks to ban, procedures used during the second and possibly the first trimester of a pregnancy. There is no exception to protect the health of the woman. This bill would ban a type of medical procedure regardless of whether it is the medically safest procedure under a particular set of circumstances. States are legislating prohibitions on abortions.  H.R. 1122 would criminalize the use of a medical procedure called, by the bill, partial-birth abortion. This term does not appear in medical textbooks or training. Doctors do not know what it means. The doctors who testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee could not identify, with any degree of certainty or consistency, what medical procedure this legislation refers to. For example, when asked to describe in medical terms what a partial-birth abortion is Dr. Pamela Smith, Director of OB/GYN Medical Education at Mount Sinai Hospital in Chicago called it ``a perversion of a breech extraction.'' (page 127) Dr. Nancy Romer, a practicing OB/GYN and Assistant Professor at Wright State University School of Medicine, who said the doctors at her hospital had never performed the procedure, had to quote another doctor in describing it as ``a dilation and extraction, distinguished from dismemberment D and Es.'' (page 182)  When the same question was posed to legal experts in Judiciary Committee hearings--to define exactly what medical procedure would be outlawed by this legislation--the responses were equally vague. This vagueness means that every doctor that performs even a second trimester abortion could be vulnerable and could face possible prosecution under this law.  The language in this bill is so vague that, far from outlawing just one abortion procedure, the way this bill is written virtually any legal procedure could fall within its scope. I asked the legal and medical experts who testified at the Judiciary Committee hearing if this legislation could affect abortion-not just late-term abortion-but earlier abortions as well. Dr. Lewis Seidman, Professor of Law at Georgetown University, gave the following answer. ``As I read the language in a second trimester pre-viability abortion where the fetus in any event will die, if any portion of the fetus enters the birth canal prior to the technical death of the fetus, then the physician is guilty of a crime and goes to prison for two years.'' Dr. Seidman continued his testimony, concluding that ``if I were a lawyer advising a physician who performed abortions, I would tell him to stop because there is just no way to tell whether the procedure would eventuate in some portion of the fetus entering the birth canal before the fetus is technically dead, much less being able to demonstrate that after the fact.'' (223)  Dr. Cortland Richardson, Associate Professor of Gynecology and Obstetrics at John Hopkins University School of Medicine, in testimony before a House committee, said that the language ``partially vaginally delivers'' is vague, not medically oriented, and just not correct. ``In any normal second trimester abortion procedure by any method, you may have a point at which a part, a one inch of umbilical cord, for example, of the fetus passes out of the cervical opening before fetal demise has occurred.'' (H.R. Rep No. 267, September 27, 1995 testimony) So this bill could affect far more than just the few abortions performed in the third trimester, and far more than just the one procedure being described.  This bill has no exemption to protect the health of the mother and as such, would directly eliminate that protection provided by the Supreme Court in Roe v. Wade and Planned Parenthood V. Casey.  If this bill were law, a pregnant woman seriously ill with diabetes, cardiovascular problems, cancer, stroke, or other health-threatening illnesses would be forced to carry the pregnancy to term or run the risk that the physician could be challenged and have to prove in court what procedure he or she used, and whether or not the doctor ``partially vaginally-delivered'' a living fetus before death of that fetus.  Here are some examples, provided to me by gynecologists, of rare maternal medical conditions that could necessitate a post-viability procedure to protect a woman's health. The health of these women would be endangered in these situations.  A fetus has a huge hydrocephalic head (or other greatly enlarged organ) three times the normal size and a cranium is filled with fluid. The head is so large the woman physically cannot deliver it. Labor is impossible, because the fetus cannot get down the birth canal and out. A caesarian is impossible because it would require a huge, up-and-down incision, which would rupture in future pregnancies or labor. Thus, a woman could not have future children and this procedure affects her ability to have future pregnancies.  A condition called arthrogryposis, or a rigid fetus, the fetus cannot move down and out in labor, and labor risks rupturing the woman's cervix. With prolonged intense pushing the mother's heart is put at risk. If this stiff fetus cannot be delivered by a caesarian, a large vertical incision would be required, thus risking future pregnancies.  Women with certain health conditions cannot tolerate the stress of labor or surgery. They include cardiac problems like congestive heart failure; severe kidney disease (e.g. renal shutdown); severe hypertension, diathesphesis, and Von Willibrand's Disease (bleeding, clotting disorder).  Pre-eclampsia (toxemia) is a serious complication of pregnancy and a leading cause of maternal and fetal death that affects the placenta. The placenta does not attach to the wall of the uterus and thus limits the amount of blood and nutrients reaching the fetus, causing it to be underweight and prone to complications. This condition can progress to eclampsia, which can lead to convulsions, kidney failure, and death. The only treatment is to deliver the fetus. The woman cannot withstand labor or surgery.  A woman with diabetes might have a decline in renal function. She might not be able to tolerate the physical stress of labor or surgery.  Why is this legislation even necessary? Roe v. Wade unequivocally allows States to ban all post-viability abortions unless they are necessary to protect a woman's life or health. Forty-one States have done so. Surely, anyone who believes in States' rights must question the logic of imposing new, Federal regulations on States in a case such as this in area where States have legislated.  Medical decisionmaking should be made by medically trained people, not Congress. Congress cannot anticipate every medical situation and explicitly delineate them in law. During pregnancy, labor, and delivery, complicated conditions can develop that are often last minute, life-threatening, and complex for the mother and fetus. No legislator can ever anticipate, craft into law, every conceivable medical emergency that a physician caring for a pregnant woman will face.  We have entrusted and trained physicians to make safe and ethical medical decisions based on scientific and medical data on the benefits and risks to the patient. They do so based on their extensive training, their best medical judgment, proven medical techniques, and therapeutic assessment of the patient.  Physicians are sworn to protect the health of their patients. Congress should not pass legislation that would deny a physician the ability to provide care that in their professional judgment is medically necessary.  Medical decisionmaking or choosing the most appropriate therapy is based on the risk benefit for the mother and fetus, medical training, multiple decisional building blocks by medical experts, often a team. It is highly individualized. Every case is different. The medical history of patients varies tremendously. There are no absolutes. It is based on medical knowledge and training on a wide array of choices.  Only the attending physicians in consultation with the woman, with all the facts of the medical case and the medical history assembled, can make the decision. Physicians are bound by ethics, licensing, practice guidelines, and liability. Decisions are often team decisions, not made by one isolated physician and always in consultation with the patient or family. We hire trained professionals because we want their expertise.  In the words of the California Medical Association, ``We believe that this bill would create an unwarranted intrusion into the physician-patient relationship by preventing physicians from providing necessary medical care to their patients . . . political concerns and religious beliefs should not be permitted to take precedence over the health and safety of patients.'' The American Women's Medical Association wrote, ``We do not believe that the federal government should dictate the decisions of physicians . . .''  Let me make this clear: I oppose post-viability abortions. They are wrong, except to save the mother's life and health. Late-term abortions are rare and they should be rare. When the Senate considered this bill last year, on May 14, 1997, I offered a substitute to the bill before us. My substitute had 3 provisions. it would have prohibited all abortion procedures after a fetus is viable, not prohibited abortions if in the medical judgment of the physician, an abortion is necessary to preserve the life of the woman or to avert serious adverse health consequences to the woman, and imposed civil penalties. I continue to believe that my substitute would accomplish the goals of the bill before us while protecting women's health and constitutional rights.  Mr. President, these are tragic situations, situations that most of us could never imagine. We had couples come to us and tell us heartbreaking stories about babies they dearly wanted, but babies they could not have because to go through labor and delivery the mother would have died, been seriously injured or prevented from having future pregnancies. These were people who explored every available option, who consulted experts, to save the baby that they very much wanted. These are rare and difficult circumstances.  The Federal Government has no place interfering, making this tragic situation any more difficult or complicated for these families. This is a vague, poorly constructed bill. It attempts to ban a medical procedure without properly identifying that procedure in medical terms. It is so vague that it could affect far more than the procedure it seeks to ban. It fails to protect women's health at a time when they face tragic complications in their pregnancies. I urge my colleagues to vote to sustain the President's veto.  