  I want Senator Kyl to know that it has really been a very great pleasure for me to work with the Senator over these past 2 years. I think it has been for me one of the best experiences I have had in the time I have been in the Senate, and that is two Senators from different political parties sitting down to try to work out something which is enormously difficult to do, and that is the drafting of a new constitutional amendment.  The Senator mentioned that we have done 60-plus drafts, and that we have met with the Attorney General, the White House, met members of victims' groups. The Senator brought in the counsel for victims. Larry Tribe, from Harvard University, worked with us, and we believe, I think, that we have an amendment that will now stand the test of public scrutiny and stand the test of time.  I want to share, Madam President, with the Senate how I first became involved in victims' rights. It was in the mid-1970s in San Francisco when a man broke into a home on Portrero Hill. He tied the man in the home to a chair and murdered him by beating him with a hammer, a chopping block and a ceramic vase. He then repeatedly raped his 24-year-old wife, breaking several of her bones. He slit her wrist and tried to strangle her with a telephone cord before setting their home on fire and leaving them to go up in flames.  Miraculously, this young woman, whose name I purposely left out of this, is still alive. She testified against him. He is still in State prison, to the best of my knowledge. But when I became mayor she used to call me every year and say, ``I'm terrified that he might get out. I don't know if and when he will get out. His parole is coming up. Could you help me?''  I recognized then that there really were no rights that victims had. In 1982, California became the first State in the Union to apply some victims' rights. It was a bill of rights. It passed the electorate overwhelmingly. That is the reason when people saw the family of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman in court it wasn't because they had Federal rights or constitutional rights; it was because the constitution of the State of California provided that right in 1982. Some 28 other States have followed.  So you might say, ``Well, what's the problem?'' The problem is each State is different, and there is no basic floor of rights guaranteed to every victim. Therefore, if rights come in conflict, obviously, the rights provided in the Constitution prevail.  Now, what rights are in the Constitution? These are the constitutional rights today. You will see the rights of the accused, 15 specific rights guaranteed in the Constitution: the right to counsel, the right to due process, to a speedy trial, to a prohibition against double jeopardy, self-incrimination, against unreasonable searches and seizures, to have warrants issued only on probable cause, a jury of your peers, to be informed of accusations, and so on. You will then on the other side see the rights granted to victims are ``none.''  Well, one has to look back and say, how did this happen? I have looked back, and how it happened is very interesting. Our Founding Fathers, when they included the rights of the accused in the Constitution, did not think to include the rights of crime victims. Then again in 1789 there were not 9 million victims of violent crimes every year. As a matter of fact, there were not much more than 4 million people in all of our colonies. In fact, there are more victims of violent crime each year, by far, than there were people in the country when the Constitution was written.  Additionally, the way the criminal justice system worked then, victims did not need a guarantee of these rights. In America, up to the late 18th century and well into the 19th century, the concept of the public prosecutor did not exist. Victims could and did commence criminal cases themselves, by hiring a sheriff to arrest the defendant and then initiating a private prosecution. The core rights in our amendment--to notice, to attend, to be heard--were inherently made available to the victim.  As Juan Cardenas, writing in the Harvard Journal of Law and Public Policy, observed:       At trial, generally, there were no lawyers for either the      prosecution or the defense. Victims of crime simply acted as      their own counsel, although wealthier crime victims often      hired a prosecutor.  Gradually, public prosecution replaced the system of private prosecution. With the explosive growth of crime in this country in recent years--the rate of violent crime has more than quadrupled in the last 35 years--it became easier and easier for the victim to be left out of the process.  Another scholar noted:       With the establishment of the prosecutor, the conditions      for the general alienation of the victim from the legal      process further increase. The victim is deprived of his      ability to determine the course of a case and is deprived of      the ability to gain restitution from the proceedings. Under      such conditions, the incentives to report crime and to      cooperate with the prosecution diminish. As the importance of      the prosecution increases, the role of the victim is      transformed from principal actor to a resource that may be      used at the prosecutor's discretion.  So there was no need to guarantee those rights in 1789, and, as we all know, the Constitution protects people from government rather than providing most people with certain basic rights. But the criminal justice system has changed dramatically since then and the prevalence of crime has changed dramatically. So we believe that the need and circumstances both combine to restore balance to the criminal justice system by guaranteeing the rights of violent crime victims in the United States.  I am very proud to have 12 coauthors on the Democratic side for this constitutional amendment, and I am particularly proud to have the support of Senator Biden of Delaware. SenatorBiden of Delaware was the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I say to the Senator from Arizona, when I came on that committee back in 1992 and was very helpful to me in learning the ropes of the committee. I have great respect for him. So it was very significant to me when we worked with him, made certain compromises in the amendment, and gained his support.  