 President, I rise to express my support for the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998, which is the substitute amendment to H.R. 2431 being offered by the Senator from Oklahoma.  At the outset, I would like to express my appreciation and respect for the distinguished Assistant Majority Leader, Senator Nickles, and the distinguished Senator from Connecticut, Senator Lieberman. I want to salute their deeply held commitment to religious freedom for all people. I am aware that they and their staffs have been negotiating this bill for many months. They have been through draft after draft, talking with the Administration, a large number of Senators with different interests, and a wide range of concerned outside organizations.  Their mission has been to produce a bill that would make a meaningful contribution to combating the problem of religious persecution in foreign countries, one that would pass with broad support in the Senate, and a bill that the President would sign. I know how long and hard they have been working on this effort.  Earlier this week, they had hoped to move the bill forward. There were still a number of provisions which I was concerned about, and I felt that since the bill had not come through the Foreign Relations Committee, on which I sit, and would not be open to amendment on the floor, I wanted a chance to address those concerns.  Despite the marathon talks the Assistant Majority Leader and the Senator from Connecticut had already engaged in on this bill with so many others, and despite my late entry into the fray, they graciously and without hesitation agreed to sit down with me to see if we could come to common agreement. We were also joined by Undersecretary of State Stuart Eizenstat.  I am happy to report that, as a result of these discussions, with good will by all sides, we were able to reach agreement on each of the provisions that was of concern to me, and I think the bill is better for it. Let me explain what we agreed upon.  First, I have come to the conclusion that when the Congress legislates sanctions, we need to provide the President with a reasonable amount of flexibility in the implementation, both to respond to changing conditions, and to protect other American interests.  Normally, we provide the President with a waiver authority for sanctions, but the standard of that waiver is critical. The State Department believes, and I agree, that the ``national security'' waiver standard in the most recent draft was too high--it would be difficult for the President to waive the sanctions required under this act except in extraordinary circumstances. A waiver of ``national interest'' was deemed by the sponsors to be too low. So we compromised: the President can now waive the sanctions in this bill if the ``important national interest'' requires it.  Second, the definition of what constitutes a ``particularly severe violation'' of religious freedom was originally drafted in such a way that it could have inadvertently triggered other sanctions--those required for gross violations of human rights --under sections 116 and 502B of the Foreign Assistance Act. There was no intent on the part of the sponsors to trigger two sets of sanctions, so it was simply a matter of ensuring that a different standard was required for each trigger.  The standard we agreed upon was proposed by Senator Lieberman. Particularly severe violations of religious freedom are now defined as ``systematic, ongoing, egregious violations of religious freedom.'' To my mind, this is neither a higher nor lower standard than the ``consistent pattern of gross violations of human rights'' that requires a separate set of sanctions under the Foreign Assistance Act, but it is a sufficiently different standard that it a finding under one act should not automatically trigger sanctions under both acts. I think this is an important improvement in the bill.  Third, we were concerned that there could be situations in which the President has already taken significant action against a country, in large part to respond to human rights abuses, and then a finding of particularly severe violations of religious freedom would require additional actions under this act. In the case of a country like Sudan, where we have already imposed extensive sanctions, it makes sense for the President to be able to cite an existing sanction as fulfilling the requirements of the International Religious Freedom Act.  Again, to the best of my knowledge, the sponsors of the bill had no desire to force the President to impose redundant sanctions on a country. So, in section 402(C)(4) we have developed language that allows the President to cite an existing sanction as fulfilling the requirements of this act. I think this change also makes the bill better.  We are all aware that there are people of faith who are suffering for their beliefs in many parts of the world. As a nation founded on the precious principle of religious freedom, a principle which is enshrined in the Bill of Rights, we cannot and must not turn a deaf ear to the cries of the oppressed. Making the protection of religious freedom a high priority in our foreign policy is the right thing to do.  The challenge is to create mechanisms to promote religious freedom and protect persecuted believers that: provide enough flexibility to respond to different conditions at different times and places; avoid unintentionally making life harder for those we seek to help; and, make a meaningful contribution to the cause of religious freedom without unduly jeopardizing other important national interests.  That is why I have so much respect for what the distinguished Assistant Majority Leader and the distinguished Senator from Connecticut have beentrying to do these many months. They have worked hard to listen to the concerns of the Administration, other Senators, religious organizations of every denomination, the business community, and other interested parties. They have tried to develop a bill that will help the United States protect those in danger of persecution for their faith, while taking into account the broad and deep requirements of U.S. foreign policy interests. I think they have succeeded.  Evidence of their success is in the broad and diverse coalition of religious organizations and human rights groups who have worked tirelessly to support the bill. Further evidence of this success, I believe, will be evident by the overwhelming support I expect the Senate will demonstrate when it votes shortly. And perhaps the most impressive evidence of their success is that earlier today, National Security Adviser Sandy Berger informed the Minority Leader that the Administration now supports the bill as drafted. After so many months, we know that the President will sign this bill, and it will become law.  I yield the floor.  