 President, I am pleased today to support the conference agreement on H.R. 6, the Higher Education Act bill.  The bill has a number of provisions that will be helpful to my state:  It authorizes $300 million in new initiatives to strengthen teacher training for elementary and secondary.  It continues student loans and increases the maximum authorized Pell grant from $4,500 to $5,800 by 2003 to help low-income students get a college education.  It continues federal support for colleges and universities, such as science and engineering programs and graduate fellowships.  The opportunity to pursue an education, particularly a college education, has long been a hallmark of American society. In California, shifts in the economy make higher education more important than ever. Service-related jobs, such as those in high tech industries, have displaced many traditional manufacturing jobs. These new jobs require a level of knowledge and skill that can for the most part only be gained by a college education.  California has long been a leader in providing a strong higher education system. The University of California (UC) has nine campuses that serve 132,000 students. Total enrollment at UC is projected to grow by about 36,500 students by fall 2006.  The California State University System (CSU) consists of 22 regional campuses with 286,000 students. Enrollment is expected to grow by 31.4 percent or 105,809 students by year 2006.  Another important element of higher education in California is the California community college system, the largest community college system in the world. Its 106 campuses provided vocational, academic, and community service programs to over 1.5 million students of varying ages, income levels and educational backgrounds in 1997. Roughly three of four public postsecondary students were in enrolled in community colleges. The system is expected to increase by 28.9 percent as its attendance is projected to be over 1.8 million by fall 2006.  California faces huge challenges in higher education in the coming years:  First, enrollment in California's public schools, the college generation of the future, is growing at three times the national rate. Enrollment in the three major segments of higher education will increase by 28.9 percent, or by 549,144 students, between 1996 and 2006, according to the state's Department of Finance.  California will have this surge in college applicants because (1) the number of high school graduates has increased by 22 percent since 1993; (2) many adult workers are changing careers by choice because of organization restructuring, or to enhance their employment skills; (3) migration to California from other states and countries is continuing; and (4) more Californians over 40 are pursuing lifelong learning.  Second, California has 21,000 teachers on emergency credentials and will need up to 300,000 new teachers in the next decade.  Third, California has many first generation, bilingual and ``nontraditional'' students. California State University, for example, has a large number of ``nontraditional'' students, students who are older than the usual college age. This is because many community college graduates transfer to CSU and many CSU students are working people seeking to progress professionally or maintain technical proficiency. Similarly, approximately 41 percent of community college students are in the 20-29 age group.  I am pleased that the House-Senate conferees accepted several provisions that I authored to help students and institutions in my state:  First, the 5th year Pell grant: That authorizes the Secretary of Education to award on a case-by-case basis Pell grants for disadvantaged students for the fifth year of teacher education required in California to get a teaching credential. This could enable 12,000 disadvantaged students to become teachers in California, according to the Congressional Budget Office, at a time when we are facing a severe teacher shortage and have 21,000 teachers in the classroom on emergency credentials.  Second, distance learning: The bill also includes two of my amendments to the distance learning demonstration (teaching away from the traditional campus via a computer, teleconferencing or other technologies). The first, clarifies that university ``systems'' (e.g., UC system, CSU system) would be eligible and the bill increases the number of demonstration sites from five to fifteen.  Third, school districts with high numbers of limited English proficient students: The bill authorizes state grants for innovative ways to reduce teacher shortages in high poverty areas. At my suggestion, the bill includes as eligible or target areas, school districts with disproportionate numbers of limited English speaking children. In California, 1.3 million students have limited English proficiency, a tripling since 1986 and at least 87 languages are spoken.  Fourth, study of few borrowers: The bill provides that schools whose student loan default rate exceeds 25% for three years will be ineligible to participate in the student loan program. For schools like California's community colleges, that have just a few borrowers, this method gives the appearance of having a very high default rate. For example, if the school has only four borrowers but two defaulters, they would have a 50 percent default rate. The manager's amendment includes my suggestion of a study of the effectiveness of this measurement method by September 30, 1999.  Student financial aid is essential to enabling millions of students to get a higher education. The California Postsecondary Education Commission estimates that 50-55 percent of students at California's public and private institutions are receiving some form of state, federal or institutional financial assistance. Expenses for tuition and supplies at California's postsecondary institutions, public and private, averaged $19,500 during the 1997-98 school year. Most families have a hard time saving that kind of money.  By continuing federal student grant and loan programs, this bill will continue to open doors to education for many Californians.  The higher education bill is a bipartisan and constructive bill that will help our nation provide a college education to millions of Americans. I hope my colleagues and the President to join me in enacting this important bill.  