 President, I am pleased today to support S. 1882, the Higher Education Act reauthorization bill.  The bill has several important features:  It authorizes $300 million for reforming and strengthening teacher training so that teachers will be better prepared to teach elementary and secondary students.  It continues student loans and increases the maximum authorized Pell grant from $4,500 to $5,800 in 1999 to help students regardless of income level get a college education.  It continues federal support for colleges and universities, such as science and engineering programs and graduate fellowships.  Education, particularly a college education, can open many doors in our society.  Today, approximately 22 percent of all jobs in the U.S. require at least a bachelor's degree, up from 15.8 percent in 1996, according to Occupational Outlook Quarterly. People with bachelor degrees have median incomes about 60 percent higher than for those with only a high school education.  In California, shifts in the economy make higher education more important than ever. Service-related jobs, such as those in high technology, have displaced many traditional manufacturing jobs. These new jobs require a level of knowledge and skill that can for the most part only be gained by a college education.  There are at least three specific factors that make this bill important to my state:  First, California has 21,000 teachers on emergency credentials and will need up to 300,000 in the next decade.  Second, California has many first generation, bilingual and ``nontraditional'' students, that this bill will assist.  Three, the bill provides for increases in several student assistance programs. Californians receive $1.7 billion in federal student financial aid. Over 400,000 Pell grants go to California students.  5th year Pell grant. The Senate today unanimously accepted my amendment to authorize the Secretary of Education to award on a case-by-case basis Pell grants for disadvantaged students for the fifth year of teacher education required in California to get a teaching credential. This will enable many disadvantaged students to become teachers, at a time when we are facing a severe teacher shortage and have 21,000 teachers in the classroom on emergency credentials.  Distance learning. I am also grateful that the managers have accepted two of my amendments to the distance learning demonstration (teaching away from the traditional campus via a computer, teleconferencing or other technologies). The manager's amendment includes a clarification that university ``systems'' (e.g., UC system, CSU system) would be eligible and the bill now authorizes 15 sites, up from 5 authorized in the committee bill.  Limited English Proficient Students/School Districts: The bill authorizes state grants for innovative ways to reduce teacher shortages in high poverty areas. At my suggestion, the bill includes as eligible or target areas, school districts with disproportionate numbers of limited English speaking children. This is especially important in California, where 1.3 million students have limited English proficiency,a tripling since 1986, and where 87 languages are spoken.  Study of Few Borrowers: The bill provides that schools whose student loan default rate exceeds 25% for three years will be ineligible to participate in the student loan program. For schools like California's community colleges, that have just a few borrowers, this method gives the appearance of having a very high default rate. For example, if the school has only four borrowers but two defaulters, they would have a 50 percent default rate. The manager's amendment includes my suggestion of a study of the effectiveness of this measurement method by September 30, 1999.  Enrollment in California's public schools, the college generation of the future, is growing at three times the national rate. Enrollment in the three major segments of higher education will increase by 28.9 percent, or by 549,144 students, between 1996 and 2006, according to the state's Department of Finance.  California will have this surge in college applicants because (1) the number of high school graduates has increased by 22 percent since 1993; (2) many adult workers are changing careers by choice because of organization restructuring, or to enhance their employment skills; (3) migration to California from other states and countries is continuing; and (4) more Californians over 40 are pursuing lifelong learning.  California's higher educational system has four components: the University of California system, the California State University system, the community system, and private colleges and universities.  The University of California (UC) consists of nine campuses that served 129,257 undergraduate students and 40,605 graduate students in fall 1997. UC educates approximately one in twelve of all postsecondary students in California, and includes the top one-eighth of high school graduates. Total enrollment at UC is projected to grow by about 36,500 students by fall 2006.  In addition to providing instruction in liberal arts and the sciences, UC has exclusive public responsibility for doctorate, law, medicine, dentistry, and veterinary medicine degrees. The UC campuses, especially Berkeley and UCLA, are some of the most prestigious public or private institutions in the nation and the world.  The California State University System (CSU) consists of 22 regional campuses with 276,054 undergraduate students, and 67,725 postbaccalaureate and graduate students enrolled in fall 1997. This was one in six of every student enrolled in higher education in California. Enrollment is expected to grow by 31.4 percent or 105,809 students by year 2006.  Another characteristic of the CSU system is its large number of ``nontraditional'' students, students who are older than the usual college age. This is because many community college graduates transfer to CSU and many CSU students are working people seeking to progress professionally or maintain technical proficiency.  CSU's primary function is to provide instruction in the liberal arts and sciences and CSU prepares 60 percent of the state's teaching force with 21 teacher preparation programs.  The need for new teachers in my state is especially critical because there are currently 31,000 elementary and secondary classrooms being taught by men and women without full teaching credentials.  A major emphasis of the bill to which I give my full and enthusiastic support is to increase support for teacher education and to emphasize reform, accountability, and competency. Funds are provided to both states and postsecondary institutions for strengthening teacher training.  Another important element of higher education in California is the California Community system, the largest community college system in the world. Its 106 campuses provided vocational, academic, and community service programs to over 1.4 million students of varying ages, income levels and educational backgrounds in 1997. Roughly three of four public postsecondary students were enrolled in community colleges. The system is expected to increase by 28.9 percent as its attendance is projected to be over 1.8 million by fall 2006. A notable increase between 1990 and 1997 has been in the age group 50 and older, which grew by 21 percent.  Students at community colleges are older and tend to be employed full-time, many supporting families. Approximately 41 percent of community college students are in the 20-29 age group. Older students, particularly those over 40, are seeking postsecondary education for several reasons, including career enhancement, job displacement, divorce (especially for women), personal growth, and reforms in government assistance programs.  The student aid provisions of the bill will be particularly helpful to these students.  The bill also helps three specific types of institutions: Hispanic-serving institutions, tribal colleges and universities, and historically Black colleges and universities. Although California does not have any historically Black universities, more than 2,000 students do attend Hispanic-serving institutions and tribal colleges and universities. DQ University in Davis serves Native Americans from California and other states; and the National Hispanic University is a California higher education institution with a 25 percent or more Hispanic enrollment. This reauthorization bill strengthens these institutions by providing special grant awards to help them serve these populations and to become financially stable.  Student financial aid is a critical component of higher education in California. Expenses for tuition and supplies at California's postsecondary institutions, public and private, averaged $19,500 during the 1997-98 school year. The California Postsecondary Education Commission estimates that 50-55 percent of students at California's public and private institutions are receiving some form of state, federal or institutional financial assistance.  Federal student grant and loan programs since 1973 have enabled people to go to college. Tuition at higher education institutions throughout the United States is increasing at rates higher than the consumer price index (CPI) and the growth in family incomes. This is particularly troubling for California, a high cost state. In 1993 the CPI was 2.7 percent and average undergraduate fees for the University of California system was $3,044.00. The CPI in 1997 was 1.7 percent while the UC fees rose to $4,166, an increase of 136.9 percent!  Total expenses during the 1997-1998 school year to attend the University of California at Berkeley were $13,169 a year; at UC San Diego, $13,400; at California State University, Chico, $10,000. For private schools, the costs are more than $20,000 a year--at Occidental, $26,000; University of the Pacific, $25,000; and Stanford, $30,000. College affordability is becoming more difficult.  By continuing federal grant and loan programs, this bill will be a big help to many California families.  I strongly support S. 1882, the Higher Education Act Reauthorization of 1998 because it continues the federal commitment to an important endeavor of our society, the pursuit of a college education, increasingly the gateway to economic self-sufficiency. It will also revamp and toughen federal support for teacher training, a dire need in my and most states.  I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this bill.  