 President, I wish to address the Senate for a few minutes about the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch, which is the topic of the day and has been the topic for weeks. It probably has been said, but I am going to go through some of it again.  Judge Gorsuch is a native of Denver, CO, where he currently resides with hiswife Louise and their two daughters. He is currently 49 years old.  I want to talk about some of his credentials. Judge Gorsuch received his bachelor of arts degree from Columbia University in 1988, his juris doctor from Harvard Law School in 1991, and a doctorate in legal philosophy from Oxford University in the UK in 2004.  At Columbia, he was a member of Phi Beta Kappa, a Truman scholar at Harvard Law School, and a Marshall scholar at Oxford.  Following law school, Judge Gorsuch served as a law clerk to Federal appellate judge David Sentelle and then to Justice Byron White of the U.S. Supreme Court and Associate Justice Anthony M. Kennedy of the Supreme Court.  In 1995, Judge Gorsuch entered private practice as an associate of Kellogg, Huber, Hansen, Todd, Evans & Figel, and he was elected partner in that law firm in 1998. His practice focused on general litigation in both trial and appellate matters.  Judge Gorsuch left private practice in 2005 to serve as the Principal Deputy to the Associate Attorney General at the Justice Department in Washington.  President George W. Bush nominated Judge Gorsuch to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, located in Denver, on May 10, 2006. He was confirmed in the Senate by a voice vote on July 20, 2006.  We talk about qualifications for judges. I want to share some of his. Judge Gorsuch has served over a decade on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. He has an outstanding judicial record that speaks for itself. He has participated in over 2,700 appeals on the Tenth Circuit, and 97 percent of them have been unanimously decided. In those cases, he was in the majority 99 percent of the time.  Of the approximately 800 opinions he authored on the Tenth Circuit, 98 percent of his opinions were unanimous, even on a circuit where 7 out of the 12 active judges were appointed by Democratic Presidents. His opinions on the Tenth Circuit have the lowest rate of dissenting judges at 1.5 percent. That is unheard of. Out of the eight cases he has decided that were reviewed by the U.S. Supreme Court, seven were affirmed and one was vacated.  Judge Gorsuch's nomination to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals in 2006 was met without opposition, and he was confirmed by voice vote.  Notably, Senators serving during this time include a lot of my former colleagues: then-Senator Barack Obama, Senator Joe Biden, Senator Hillary Clinton, Senator John Kerry, Senator Harry Reid, and 12 other current sitting Democratic Senators in this body, including the minority leader, Chuck Schumer.  In March, the American Bar Association, ABA, unanimously gave Judge Gorsuch a ``well qualified'' rating, their highest possible mark. Minority Leader Schumer and Senator Leahy have both previously referred to the ABA as the ``gold standard by which judicial candidates are judged.''  In the area of jurisprudence, Judge Gorsuch has a mainstream judicial philosophy, which he clearly articulated during the Senate Judiciary's confirmation hearing.  I believe his record is unequivocal in that he believes judicial decisions should be based on the law and the Constitution and not personal policy preferences. He has a deep commitment to the Constitution and its protections established by our Founding Fathers, including the separation of powers, federalism, and the Bill of Rights. Judge Gorsuch's decisions demonstrate that he consistently applies the law as it is written, fairly and equally to all individuals.  Additional information about Judge Gorsuch: The American people deserve to have their voices heard in selecting Justice Scalia's replacement. This is what we are doing.  Some of my colleagues intend to oppose Judge Gorsuch based solely on the fact that they disagree with the outcome of the Presidential election.  During President Trump's campaign last year, he clearly defined the type of Justice he wished to nominate to the current vacancy. He even published, as you will recall, a list of 21 judges who possessed what he believed are the necessary qualifications to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court.  Following Judge Gorsuch's nomination, he sat for over 20 hours of questioning in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee in the Senate--the longest hearing of any 21st-century nominee. Additionally, he was given 299 questions for the record by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. This also is the most in recent Supreme Court confirmation history.  Simply put, I believe this is the most open and transparent process in choosing a Supreme Court nominee ever conducted by an administration. By filibustering this nomination, some of my colleagues are breaking a nearly 230-year tradition of approving Supreme Court nominees by a simple-majority vote.  I believe the American people spoke clearly when they elected President Trump. I believe this is the American people's seat, and I believe Judge Gorsuch is an exceptional choice for the Supreme Court. He deserves an up-or-down vote, and that is why I believe we are getting ready in the next few hours to confirm him.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  