 President, I just want to reiterate what I think is the key point in this entire debate, and that point is whether we develop a budget that works for the vast majority of our families--working families, middle-class families who, in many instances, are working longer hours for lower wages--whether it works for our children at a time when we are experiencing the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country; whether it works for our elderly citizens who often have to make the choice about whether to heat their homes, buy the medicines they need or buy the food they need--and there are millions of people in that position--or do we have a budget that works for the top 1 percent of people who are doing phenomenally well or maybe even the top one-tenth of 1 percent.  I want to get back to this chart, which I think is real interesting. I want everybody to take a deep breath and think about this. At a time when the top one-tenth of 1 percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent, when the people on top, the very wealthiest Americans, are doing well almost beyond imagination, do we really want to cut food stamps and nutrition programs for hungry kids? Do we really want to make college education less affordable for working families? Do we really want to ask seniors to pay more for prescription drugs--those people trying to live on $13,000, $14,000 a year.  So here is the chart. This comes from Forbes magazine, not notably a leftwing publication. They simply give us the facts, and here are the facts. The top 14 wealthiest people in this country have seen their net worth increase by $157 billion over the last 2 years--14 people.  Do my Republican colleagues go to these people and say: You know what, you are Americans. We have a lot of problems here. Our middle class is disappearing. We have an infrastructure which is crumbling. We have millions of families who can't afford to send their kids to college. You, the top one-tenth of 1 percent, are doing phenomenally well. Is it so hard for my Republican colleagues to say to these people: Maybe you will have to pay a little more in taxes.  Let me list them. Bill Gates, in that 2-year period from 2013 to 2015, saw his wealth increase by $12 billion; Warren Buffet, $19 billion; Larry Ellison, $11 billion; Charles Koch, almost $9 billion; David Koch, almost $9 billion; Christy Walton, over $13 billion; Jim Walton, almost $14 billion; S. Robson Walton, $13 billion; Michael Bloomberg, $8.5 billion; Jeff Bezos, $9.6 billion; Mark Zuckerberg, $20 billion; Sheldon Adelson, $4.9 billion; Larry Page, $6.7 billion; and Sergey Brin, over $6 billion.  That is just the increase in their net worth in a 2-year period. Who can deny the very richest people in this country are doing phenomenally well? How do you ignore that reality? How do you not say to those people: You are going to have to help us with our infrastructure, with education, with our deficit.  But my Republican colleagues have a different approach. Their approach is to say to working families: Well, we are going to make it harder for your kids to get into Head Start. We are going to make it harder for you to get the nutrition programs you need to keep your family from going hungry. We are going to make it harder for seniors to get the prescription drugs they need.  So I think, with this budget, the choices are pretty clear. It is laid right out there. Republicans want to balance the budget on the backs of the elderly, the children, the sick and the poor, and protect all of these guys--not ask them to pay one nickel more in taxes. I think that is wrong from a moral perspective, from an economic perspective, and I think this is a budget that should be defeated.  With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  