 President, this motion is being offered on behalf of Senator Murray, and it would instruct budget conferees to build on the Bipartisan Budget Act and provide sequester relief in 2016 and 2017 by closing tax loopholes.  As the ranking member of the Committee on the Budget, I rise today to offer a motion to instruct conferees, on behalf of Senator Murray, to S. Con. Res. 11, the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, to provide 2 years of sequester relief by closing tax loopholes. This is a concept, an idea I very strongly support. Many Members on both sides of the aisle are concerned that Congress will not be able to pass and enact appropriations bills at the sequester levels. The President's fiscal year 2016 budget provides sequester relief. Moreover, the President has indicated he will veto legislation that does not lift the sequester caps.  Discretionary spending has already been cut by $1.6 trillion, and nondefense discretionary spending is currently on track to be the lowest in 50 years. Nondefense discretionary spending is on track to be the lowest in 50 years.  Instead of continuing to cut nondefense discretionary spending, we need to increase funding for programs, such as education and infrastructure, that reduce income inequality and that create the millions of jobs we so desperately need. We can fund these investments by looking at wasteful spending in the Tax Code that has allowed major corporations to pay very little, if anything, in Federal income taxes.  Each and every year, we are losing well over $100 billion in revenue because large, profitable corporations and some of the wealthiest Americans in this country are stashing their profits in the Cayman Islands, Bermuda, and other offshore tax havens.  Further, the GAO has reported that the effective tax rate of large, profitable corporations is just 12.6 percent--much lower than the 35-percent statutory rate because of these tax loopholes. That is much lower than what millions of middle-class workers pay to the IRS because of the loopholes written into the Tax Code by corporate lobbyists.  In 1952, 32 percent of all of the revenue generated in this country came from large corporations. Today, that figure is down to just 11 percent. Right now, there are so many loopholes in our Tax Code that it ends up that many large corporations making billions of dollars in profit pay nothing--zero--in corporate taxes to the Federal Government.  As a few examples, General Electric made over $5.8 billion in profits in the United States last year but paid just nine-tenths of 1 percent of that amount in Federal income taxes. Time Warner made $4.3 billion in profits and paid nothing in Federal income taxes; in fact, it got a rebate of $26 million. Xerox made $628 million in profits in 2014 and paid nothing in Federal income taxes; in fact, it received a tax rebate of $16 million.  I strongly support this motion which has been introduced by Senator Murray to provide sequester relief, particularly for nondefense discretionary programs, and I would hope very much that this motion to instruct will receive wide bipartisan support.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  