 President, I wish to respond and speak as to why I am in opposition to the Blunt amendment which requires a point of order for a carbon tax.  The scientific community is not in debate. The scientific community tells us that climate change is real. It is caused by human activity and by a very significant increase in carbon emissions. The scientific community tells us that climate change is already causing devastating problems in our Nation and around the world. The scientific community tells us that if we do not get our act together--not just the United States but China, Russia, India, and the entire world--the planet we will be leaving for our kids and grandchildren will be substantially less habitable than the planet we enjoy.  We have a moral responsibility to respond to this crisis, and we have to use every tool we can in our arsenal. What does that mean? It means we need to invest heavily in weatherization and energy efficiency so we don't waste energy. It means we have to move aggressively toward wind, solar, geothermal, biomass, and other sustainable energies. It also means we have to tell those people who are producing carbon in significant amounts and are causing the problem that they cannot continue to do that with impunity. They will have to pay a tax on that.  We can argue about how we go forward in transforming our energy system and how we cut carbon pollution, but we should not pick out one particular approach and say that it is going to require 60 votes to go forward.  I strongly object to Senator Blunt's amendment.  What we will be doing is offering a side-by-side. This side-by-side could not be simpler. The American people and the scientific community are pretty clear when it comes to climate change: It is, in fact, real, and it is caused by human activity. What we will do is offer a side-by-side to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to recognize that climate change is real, is caused by human activity, and that Congress needs to take action to cut carbon pollution.  Young people all over this country want action. While many of my Republican colleagues refuse to acknowledge the reality that climate change is caused by human activity, many Republicans outside of Capitol Hill, in fact, do understand that. We have prominent conservative economists and economic advisers, such as Nobel laureate economist Gary Becker, Mitt Romney's former economic adviser Gregory Mankiw, and former Reagan adviser Art Laffer, who have all called for taxing carbon. It is not a radical idea. These are conservative Republicans who understand that people who are causing the problem cannot do that with impunity.  More recently, George Shultz--I think we all know George Shultz is the former Secretary of the Treasury and Secretary of State under Presidents Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan--published an op-ed in the Washington Post calling for a carbon tax. The idea of a carbon tax is something that is gaining more and more support from Democrats, Republicans, Independents, people who are very worried about what is happening to our environment.  In terms of the side-by-side, I personally am strongly opposed to Senator Blunt's amendment, which just looks at a tax on carbon. I should also say that as a coauthor, along with Senator Boxer, with regard to a carbon tax, we put huge amounts of money into helping those families who might see higher utility bills. That is probably the main source of funding allocation. So we are aware of the problem, and we address it in our legislation, and it should be addressed in any legislation.  But once again, in terms of the side-by-side, we are going to give our Republican colleagues an opportunity----  