 Well, let me be clear: I am not a scientist. I had a lot of problems with physics when I was in college. I am not a scientist.  But these are scientists. These are 37 American scientific organizations and 135 international scientific organizations. These are scientists who tell us that climate change is real, it is caused by human activity, and that it is imperative we transform our energy system away from fossil fuel.  I will read an excerpt from a letter sent to the Senate in 2009 signed by virtually every major scientific organization in this country:       Observations throughout the world make it clear that      climate change is occurring, and rigorous scientific research      demonstrates that the greenhouse gases emitted by human      activities are the primary driver. These conclusions are      based on multiple independent lines of evidence, and contrary      assertions are inconsistent with an objective assessment of      the vast body of peer reviewed science. Moreover, there is      strong evidence that ongoing climate change will have broad      impacts on society, including the global economy and on the      environment. For the United States, climate change impacts      include sea level rise for coastal states, greater threats of      extreme weather events, and increase risk of regional water      scarcity, urban heat waves, western wildfires, and a      disturbance of biological systems throughout the country. The      severity of climate change impacts is expected to increase      substantially in the coming decades.  Once again, I am not a scientist, but that is what the scientific community overwhelmingly in the United States and around the world is saying. It is imperative the Senate goes on record in saying we agree with science.  Climate change is one of the great threats facing our country and the entire planet. It has the capability of causing severe harm to our economy, to our food supply, to access to water, and to national security.  According to NASA and NOAA, 2014 was the warmest year ever recorded. The most recent decade was the Nation's warmest on record. Across the globe, the 10 warmest years on record have all occurred since 1997. We know that the Earth's climate is warming and doing so quickly.  According to NOAA, October, August, June, and May were the hottest October, August, June, and May months ever recorded.  The consequences of this rapid and dramatic rise in global temperatures will have a profound impact on billions of people throughout the world. What we can expect are more severe weather disturbances, more flooding, more heat waves, more droughts, more forest fires, and saltwater inundation of water supplies and agricultural land.  As the New York Times reported in August, droughts in the Western and Southwestern United States appear to be intensifying as a result of climate change:       Over the past decade, droughts in some regions have rivaled      the epic dry spells of the 1930s and 1950s . . . The country      is in the midst of one of its most sustained periods of      increasing drought on record.  China's heat wave 1\1/2\ years ago was the worst in at least 140 years. As ClimateWire reported in November, the Sao Paulo region in Brazil is suffering from its worst drought in 80 years. In the United States, fire suppression costs have increased from roughly $1 billion annually in the mid-1990s to an average of more than $3 billion in the past 5 years.  Our oceans are not only getting warmer, they are also becoming more acidic, threatening fish, coral reefs, and other sea life. As a study published in the journal Science reported, carbon dioxide emissions in the atmosphere are driving a rate of change in ocean acidity that is already thought to be faster than any time in the past 50 million years. The authors warned that we may be ``entering an unknown territory of marine ecosystem change.''  Extreme storms, weather disturbances, are also becoming more common and more intense with extraordinary impacts. When Typhoon Haiyan struck the Philippines over 1 year ago, it displaced more than 4.1 million people, killed thousands, and cost that country at least $15 million in damages.  The situation clearly is bad today in the United States and around the world, but--according to the scientific community--if we do not get our act together, if we do not cut carbon emissions, it will only get worse in years to come.  The IPCC estimates--and I hope people listen to this--that without any additional efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions--in other words, if we continue to go along our merry old way of dependency on fossil fuels--``warming is more likely than not'' to exceed 4 degrees Celsius, which is 7.2 degrees Fahrenheit, by the end of the century.  Let me repeat that extraordinary observation. If we continue along our present course, ``warming is more likely than not'' to exceed 7.2 degrees Fahrenheit by the end of the century.  Similarly, just last year the White House released the National Climate Assessment warning that global warming could exceed 10 degrees Fahrenheit in the United States by the end of this century. Take a deep breath and imagine what it will mean to this country--the huge impact on every aspect of our life, on our economy, on agriculture, on health--if the temperature of the United States rises, as some are predicting, by 10 degrees Fahrenheit by the end of the century. It is almost unthinkable. Yet that is what the scientific community is telling us.  The World Bank is by no means a radical institution. It is a very conservative institution. It tells us that temperature increases by even just 7.2 degrees Fahrenheit would bring about unprecedented heat waves, severe drought, and major floods in many regions, with serious impacts on human systems, ecosystems, and associated services.  The IPCC reports that sea levels are likely to rise by another 10 to 32 inches by the end of this century. As the New York Times reported, a sea level rise of less than 4 feet--less than 4 feet--would inundate land on which some 3.7 million Americans live today. We are talking about Miami, New Orleans, New York City, and Boston all being highly vulnerable to rising sea levels. Similarly, of course, this problem will impact people all over the world.  According to the IPCC:       Many small island nations are only a few meters above      present sea level. These states may face serious threat of      permanent inundation from sea-level rise. Among the most      vulnerable of these island states are the Marshall Islands,      Kiribati, Tuvalu, Tonga, the Federated States of Micronesia,      and the Cook Islands.  The Army Corps of Engineers has predicted that the entire village of Newtok, AK, could be underwater by 2017 and that more than 180 additional Native Alaskan villages are at risk. Parts of Alaska--one of our great and beautiful States--are already vanishing as a result of climate change.  The evidence is overwhelming, and it is no longer good enough for people to say: I am not a scientist; I don't know. We may not be scientists, but we can read and we can listen to what the overwhelming majority of scientists are telling us. That is our job--to listen to the experts who know something about this issue.  As we debate the Keystone Pipeline, what disturbs me very much is that in the face of this overwhelming evidence from the scientific community, in the face of deep concerns about climate change all over the world, what is the Senate going to be doing in the next week or two as part of the Keystone Pipeline? Are we going to be voting to impose a tax on carbon so we can break our dependence on fossil fuel? Is that what we are going to be voting on? No, I don't think so. Are we going to be voting to pass legislation that moves us aggressively toward energy efficiency and weatherization and such sustainable energies as wind, solar, and geothermal? Is that what we are going to be voting on as we listen to the scientific community? No, I don't think so. Are we going to be passing a bill investing in research and development so that we can make our transportation system more energy efficient? Is that what we are going to be voting on? No, we are not. In fact, what we are going to be voting on is a bill that will allow for an increase in the production and transportation of some of the dirtiest oil on this planet. That is what we are going to be voting on. What we are voting on is a proposal that moves us in exactly the opposite direction from what the scientific community wants us to do.  Let me conclude by saying this: Honest people can and do have disagreements on many issues, but it is not a good thing for the United States to reject what the scientists and the experts are telling us. That is not a good thing. So I hope very much that on the amendment I have brought forth--which says nothing more than to listen to the scientists on this important issue; do not reject science--that we can get widespread bipartisan support for the amendment.  With that, I yield the floor.  