 We have a drug called Crestor that deals with high cholesterol. Here in the United States, we pay $608 for a 90-day supply; in Canada $160--74 percent less in Canada. Premarin for estrogen therapy is $324 in the United States and $90 in Canada. Nexium is $782 in the United States and $228 in Canada. Synthroid is $878 in the United States and $212 in Canada. It is the same product, the same company. It is not generic. These are the same exact brand name products. Celebrex--a widely used drug for arthritis--is $878 in the United States and $212 in Canada.  What this bill would do, in addition to having Medicare negotiate drug prices with the pharmaceutical industry--which would substantially lower the prices Medicare pays--this bill would allow individuals, pharmacists, and wholesalers to import prescription drugs from licensed Canadian pharmacies, where drug prices are substantially lower than they are in the United States.  I live 100 miles away from the Canadian border. In 1999, I took a busload of Vermonters--mostly women, many of them dealing with breast cancer--over the Canadian border into Montreal. As long as I live, I will never forget the looks on their faces when they bought the same medicine they were buying in Vermont, in the U.S.A., for one-tenth of the price--one-tenth of the price. These were working-class women who were struggling with breast cancer and who didn't have a whole lot of money. They were able to purchase the exact same medicine for 10 percent of the price in Montreal. That makes no sense to me, and it only speaks to the power of the pharmaceutical industry over the Congress that we have Members here who vote for all kinds of free-trade agreements--they just love free trade. We can bring in any product we want from China. We can have lettuce and tomatoes coming in from farms in Mexico. But for some strange reason we cannot bring in brand name drugs from Canada. We just can't do it. We can't figure out how to do it. And everybody here knows what the reason is--it is the power of the pharmaceutical industry, their campaign donations, and their lobbying efforts.  Our bill does a lot more than that. We cannot in good conscience tell people in our States that they must continue to pay outrageously high prices for prescription drugs when year after year drug companies make billions of dollars in profit and year after year people in our country get sicker and in some cases die because they can't afford the medicine they need.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  