 President, today in our country over 5\1/2\ million young people have either dropped out of high school or have graduated high school and do not have jobs. It is no great secret to anyone that without work, without education, and without hope people get into trouble. They get into destructive activity or self-destructive activity. The result of all of that is that, tragically, here in the United States today we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth. We have more people in jail than in the authoritarian Communist country of China, with a population over three times our population. Today the United States represents 4 percent of the world's population. Yet we have 22 percent of the world's prisoners. Incredibly, over 3 percent of our country's population is under some form of correctional control. According to the NAACP, from 1980 to 2012, the number of people incarcerated in America quadrupled from roughly 500,000 to over 2 million people.  A study published in the journal Crime & Delinquency found--this is really quite unbelievable and quite tragic--that almost half of Black males in the United States are arrested by the age of 23. If current trends continue, one in four Black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during his lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy. It is something we cannot continue to ignore. But this crisis is not just the destruction of human life. It is also very, very costly to the taxpayers of our country. Locking people up in jail is a very expensive proposition.  In America we now spend nearly $200 billion on public safety, including $70 billion a year on correctional facilities. It is beyond comprehension that we as a nation have not focused attention on the fact that millions of young people are unable to find work and begin their adult lives in a productive way. We cannot continue to turn our backs on this national tragedy.  Let me be very clear. I think I speak for the vast majority of people in this country and I hope the majority of Members in the Senate. It makes a lot more sense for us to be investing in jobs and in education than to be spending billions of dollars on jails and incarceration. We have to start creating the situation where our kids can leave school and lead productive lives and not have them arrested and incarcerated.  I have introduced legislation along with Representative John Conyers in the House that would provide $5.5 billion in immediate funding to States and cities throughout this country to employ 1 million young Americans between the ages of 16 and 24 and to provide job training opportunities to young adults.  Some people may say $5.5 billion is a lot of money. It is. But it is a lot less expensive to provide jobs and education to our young people than to lock them up and to destroy their lives.  As we debate ESEA--again, I want to thank Senator Murray and Senator Alexander for their important work--I want this issue to be on the table. I intend to offer an amendment that says that in this country we are going to put our young people to work and we are going to get them an education rather than lock them up.  I yield the floor.  