 President, let me just pick up on a couple of the points my friend from Wyoming, Senator Enzi, made. The Republicans often say, and Senator Enzi said it now, that Democrats cut $714 billion from Medicare. To the best of my knowledge, not one penny involved in those cuts cut any benefits to the American people.  What the Affordable Care Act attempted to do--and maybe we made some progress, as Senator Enzi pointed out, last night with the so-called doc fix--is to make Medicare more efficient. What is wrong with that? What is wrong with saving money? What the American people want us to do is makeprograms more efficient. In fact, Senator Enzi was talking about that a moment ago. He is right. But the idea, the implication, that those cuts resulted in benefit cuts is not accurate.  Furthermore, what some of that money--those savings--went to is filling, plugging the doughnut hole so that seniors would not have to pay money out of their own pockets for prescription drugs.  So if you could save money in a bureaucracy--and God knows the U.S. health care system is the most wasteful and bureaucratic of any in the world--if we can make the system more efficient, save money, put that money into helping seniors afford prescription drugs, what is the problem with that? I do not think so.  Senator Enzi talked about the IRS and people having difficulty making connections, which is clearly not right. He is right. He also mentioned, quite correctly, that for every dollar we invest in various parts of the IRS which do audits, we can make--what was that, $4 to $6? I think that is a pretty good investment. Most business people would say: All right, I can get $4 to $6 for every dollar that I invest. Let's do it.  I look forward to working with Senator Enzi and other Republicans to, in fact, do just that. We can argue about the Tax Code, and we will. But I think we don't argue that when people owe it, they should pay it. Right. We should change it if we do not like it.  So if we can invest a dollar into the IRS and get $6 to $4 back, I think that is a pretty good investment. Senator Enzi was right in saying that last night we passed a pretty good piece of legislation. Not perfect by any means. I had some serious concerns about it. I voted for it. One of the reasons I voted for it is it extended for another 2 years a program that I worked very hard on--that is, the Federally Qualified Community Health Center Program which is playing a huge role in providing health care and dental care and low-cost prescriptions drugs and mental health counseling to many millions of Americans in all of our 50 States. We got a significant increase. I fought very hard for a significant increase in that program as part of the Affordable Care Act that was going to expire.  As a result of yesterday's legislation, in addition to the doc fix, we have extended--and I see Senator Blunt here, who has been active in that as well--we were able to extend for another 2 years funding for the Community Health Center Program, something that I think was important.  Senator Enzi was right. I think that is a step forward. But that should not be confused with the budget. The Republican budget is an unmitigated disaster--tax breaks for billionaires, cuts in programs that Americans desperately need, raising taxes for low-income working families.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  