 President, I thank the Senator from Alaska and the Senator from Washington for their work on this legislation.  I rise today to say a few words about my amendment to the proposed Keystone Pipeline bill, an amendment that will be coming up for a vote in a few minutes. I wish to thank Senators Bennet, Carper, Leahy, Menendez, Murphy, Warren, and Whitehouse for cosponsoring this amendment.  This amendment is extremely simple. It is about 1 page and I will read it in a moment. It raises a very profound question as to how we implement public policy, not just on issues related to climate but on issues in general. The question is: As we go forward, tackling the very difficult problems facing our country and the world, to whom do we listen? Whose advice do we take as we proceed?  I would argue that historically and appropriately, what we do as a nation is we listen to the experts. That is what we do. I think in this debate, when we deal with the Keystone Pipeline and when we deal with the issue of climate change, it is absolutely appropriate that we listen to what the overwhelming percentage of scientists are telling us.  I hear some of my colleagues say, This is complicated and I am not a scientist; I don't know. Let me be very frank. I am not a scientist and I did not do terribly well in biology and in physics in college, but I can read. And I can listen and understand what the scientific community is saying on this issue.  As the Senate moves forward, when we deal with complicated medical issues and search for solutions in terms of cancer or heart disease or diabetes, to whom do we go? Who do we listen to for advice as to how we should proceed and allocate public funding? We listen to the doctors and the scientists and the researchers who know a lot more than virtually all of us do in terms of cancer or heart disease.  We spend a lot of money in this country on infrastructure, on roads and bridges and wastewater plants and water systems. That is complicated stuff. To whom do we look for advice? Who do we have at our hearings on these issues? We look to the engineers and the scientists who tell us the best way to proceed in terms of how we build roads and bridges in a cost-effective way.  We are dealing right now with the issue of cyber security--a huge issue--a threat to the Nation. To whom do we look for advice? We look to those experts in technology who can tell us the best way to prevent cyber security attacks against the United States. On and on it goes. Whether it is education or whatever it is, good public policy is dependent upon listening to the scientific community, listening to the people who know the best about this issue.  In terms of the issue of climate change, the fact is that the scientific community is virtually unanimous in telling us that climate change is real. It is caused by human activity. It has already caused devastating problems in the United States and around the world. The scientific community tells us there is just a brief window of opportunity before the United States and the entire planet suffer irreparable harm. They tell us it is imperative that the United States transform its energy system away from fossil fuels and toward energy efficiency and sustainable energy as rapidly as possible.  That is not the opinion of Bernie Sanders; that is the opinion of the scientific community.  So to those of my colleagues who say, This is complicated stuff, I am not a scientist, I don't know, let me tell my colleagues who does know. Thirty-seven major American scientific organizations--people who study this issue--do know. And what they say is that climate change is real. It is caused by human activities. It is already causing devastating problems in the United States and around the world, and we need to transform our energy system.  That is what the Sanders amendment says. That is all it says. It is a modest amendment. It is a conservative amendment. It simply tells us what the scientific community has told us year after year after year.  For those of us who are not scientists, let me tell my colleagues the scientific organizations that hold that point of view. They are, among others, the American Anthropological Association, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Chemical Society, the American Geophysical Society, the American Institute of Biological Sciences, the American Meteorlogical Society, the American Physical Society, the National Academy of Engineering, the National Academy of Sciences--37 separate scientific organizations, including those I mentioned.  That is not all. There are 135 international scientific organizations that say the same thing.  I refer my colleagues to the list of 135 international scientific organizations, 37 American scientific organizations, and 21 medical associations that all agree with the basic premises that are in the Sanders amendment that is printed with my remarks in yesterday's Record, Wednesday, January 21.  The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is the leading international scientific body that deals with climate change. Let me quote to my colleagues what they said last fall:       Warming of the climate system is unequivocal, as is now      evident from observations of increases in global average air      and ocean temperatures, widespread melting of snow and ice,      and rising global average sea level.  More than 97 percent of the scientific community in the United States and across the globe agrees with these findings.  I am going to conclude my remarks by simply reading my amendment to make sure every Member of the Senate understands how simple and straightforward and noncontroversial this amendment is. This is what it says:       It is the sense of Congress that Congress is in agreement      with the opinion of virtually the entire worldwide scientific      community that       (1) climate change is real;       (2) climate change is caused by human activities;       (3) climate change has already caused devastating problems      in the United States and around the world;       (4) a brief window of opportunity exists before the United      States and the entire planet suffer irreparable harm; and       (5) it is imperative that the United States transform its      energy system away from fossil fuels and toward energy      efficiency and sustainable energy as rapidly as possible.  That is it. That is the entire amendment. And every provision in this amendment is supported by virtually the entire scientific community, the people who best understand this issue.  Clearly we are a nation divided politically and clearly we are a Congress divided politically. We have different views on almost every issue. But I hope very much the U.S. Senate does not reject science, because in doing so, it would not only lead to bad public policy but it would be an embarrassment before the entire world, that the U.S. Senate is rejecting what the overwhelming majority of scientists are telling us about what they consider to be one of the great crises facing our planet.  So I hope very much for strong bipartisan support for this amendment in the Senate and will say, as a Senate, that we are going to listen to what thescientific community tells us and that we are going to develop public policy based on their knowledge and that information.  With that, I yield the floor.  