 President, let me read from an excerpt of a letter signed by virtually every major scientific organization in this country that was sent to the U.S. Senate way back in 2009. This is what the letter states:       Observations throughout the world make it clear that      climate change is occurring, and rigorous scientific research      demonstrates that the greenhouse gases emitted by human      activities are the primary driver. These conclusions are      based on multiple independent lines of evidence, and contrary      assertions are inconsistent with an objective assessment of      the vast body of peer-reviewed science. Moreover, there is      strong evidence that ongoing climate change will have broad      impact on society, including the global economy and on the      environment. For the United States, climate change impacts      include sea level rise for coastal states, greater threats of      extreme weather events, and increased risk of regional water      scarcity, urban heat waves, western wildfires, and a      disturbance of biological systems throughout the country. The      severity of climate change impacts is expected to increase      substantially in the coming decades.  Let me repeat that one sentence:       The severity of climate change impacts is expected to      increase substantially in the coming decades.  We know that the Earth's climate is warming and warming quickly as a result of industrial greenhouse gas emissions. The 2014 National Climate Assessment reported:       The most recent decade was the nation's warmest on record.      U.S. temperatures are expected to continue to rise.  According to NOAA, October, August, June, and May were the hottest months ever recorded. And 2012 was the warmest year on record in the contiguous United States and saw at least 69,000 local heat records set.  The consequence of this rapid and dramatic rise in global temperatures--what does that mean? What is going to happen? The answer is, it is going to mean more severe storms, more flooding and destructive storm surges, heat waves, drought, forest fires, and the inundation of water supplies and agricultural land with saltwater.  As the New York Times reported in August, droughts in the West and Southwestern United States appear to be intensifying as a result of climate change.       Over the past decade, droughts in some regions have rivaled      the epic dry spells of the 1930s and 1950s. . . . The country      is in the midst of one of the most sustained periods of      increasing drought on record.  China's heat wave a year and a half ago was the worst in at least 140 years. Fire-suppression costs in the United States have increased from roughly $1 billion annually in the mid-1990s to an average of more than $3 billion in the last 5 years, adjusted for inflation, reports the National Climate Assessment.  Our oceans are not just warming, they are becoming more acidic, threatening fish, coral reefs, and other sea life.  A study published in the Journal of Science reported:       Carbon dioxide emissions in the atmosphere are driving a      rate of change in ocean acidity, which is already thought to      be faster than at any time in the past 50 million years.  The authors warn that we may be entering an unknown territory of marine ecosystem change.  Extreme storms are also becoming more common and more intense, with extraordinary impacts. For example, when Typhoon Haiyan struck the Philippines a year ago, it displaced over 4 million people, killed thousands, and cost the country at least $15 billion in damages.  What will happen if we fail to cut back dramatically on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change continues to accelerate? What will that reality mean for our country and for the globe? The IPCC estimates that without additional efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, ``warming is more likely than not'' to exceed 4 degrees Celsius--7.2 degrees Fahrenheit--by the end of the century.  Let me repeat that. If we do not begin the process to dramatically reverse carbon emissions and slow down the warming of this planet by the end of the century, warming is more likely than not to exceed 4 degrees Celsius, which is 7.2 degrees Fahrenheit, resulting in a planet that is over 7 degrees Fahrenheit warmer.  Similarly, just last year the White House released the National Climate Assessment, emphasizing that global warming is already happening and warning that global warming could exceed 10 degrees in the United States by the end of the century--10 degrees Fahrenheit.  The World Bank, which is a pretty conservative organization, talked about a world in which temperatures increase by just 4 degrees Celsius, that that would be one of unprecedented heat waves, severe drought, and major floods in many regions, with serious impacts on many systems, ecosystems, and associated services. This is the warning we hear from the World Bank, which is a fairly conservative international organization.  The IPCC reports that sea levels are likely to rise another 10 to 32 inches by the end of the century. Some studies have reported projected increases of more than 6 feet during that time period.  As the New York Times reported, a rise of less than 4 feet would inundate land on which some 3.7 million Americans live. Miami, New Orleans, New York, and Boston are highly vulnerable.  Similarly, according to the IPCC, ``many small island nations are only a few meters above present sea level. These states may face serious threat of permanent inundation from sea-level rise.''  Reuters has reported that experts estimate that if the sea level rises by 1 meter over the next 50 years, 20 million additional people will be displaced from their land.  The Army Corps of Engineers has predicted that the entire village of Newtok, AK, could be underwater by 2017 and more than 180 additional Native Alaskan villages are at risk. Parts of Alaska are literally vanishing.  As reported in the journal Forest Ecology and Management, U.S. Forest Service researchers reported that wildfires are expected to increase 50 percent across the United States under a changing climate and over 100 percent in areas of the West by 2050. So huge increases in forest fires are expected.  The World Health Organization reported in August that the number of weather-related natural disasters has more than tripled since the 1960s, and more than 60,000 people now die each year in weather-related natural disasters. By 2020 food production is estimated to drop by 50 percent in some African countries, and by 2090, the World Health Organization anticipates, climate change will double the frequency of drought and the duration will be six times longer.  In 2003 a heat wave in Europe killed an estimated 70,000 people. As a study published in Nature Climate Change projects, however, Europe will likely experience severe heat waves once every 5 years now, which is 10 times more frequent than just a decade ago.  The need to act quickly is profound and pronounced. In its fifth assessment, the IPCC found that ``without additional mitigation efforts beyond those in place today, and even with adaptation, warming by the end of the 21st century will lead to high to very high risk of severe, widespread, and irreversible impacts globally.''  In order to prevent ``irreversible and severe impacts,'' we must quickly reduce greenhouse gas emissions in order to keep warming below 2 degrees Celsius, and to do that we must transform our energy system away from fossil fuel and into energy efficiency and sustainable energy.  In the face of this overwhelming evidence, in the face of deep concerns all over this planet, what is the Senate going to do over the next few weeks? Well, I hope very much that we do not go forward with the Keystone Pipeline, which moves us exactly in the wrong direction by expanding the production and transportation of some of the dirtiest fossil fuel on this Earth. I think that would be a terrible mistake. But maybe more importantly, I hope the Senate goes on record in strongly supporting the overwhelming scientific evidence which tells us loudly and clearly that climate change is real, that climate change is caused by human activity and the emission of carbon, and that climate change is already causing devastating problems in our country and around the world.  We have a short window of opportunity in order to move dramatically to reverse climate change and cut carbon, and we must transform our energy system away from fossil fuel to energy efficiency and sustainable energy.  I intend to offer an amendment which basically urges the entire U.S. Senate to go on record in making it clear that they understand what scientists are talking about. They are going to listen to the scientific community, and they are going to take actions for which our kids and our grandchildren will be proud of them so that we do not leave them with a nation and a planet substantially less habitable than the planet on which we were born.  With that, I want to thank Senator Bennet and Senator Carper for cosponsoring this amendment. I hope we can have more cosponsors and I look forward to seeing the adoption of this important amendment.  I yield the floor.  