Speaker, it is my honor to rise today to join my colleagues in recognizing the many contributions made by people of Indian descent and in celebrating the strong allegiance we share with the nation of India. In Northwest Indiana, like the rest of the Nation, Indian-Americans have shown themselves to be leaders in every field and in every endeavor. It is my pleasure to join today in expressing my admiration and gratitude to these Americans, as well as my hopes that our relationship with India remains strong and productive.  As a proud member of the Congressional Caucus on India and Indian Americans, I am well aware of the importance of our nation's commitment to cooperation. It is the strength of this commitment that will lead us both toward our mutual goals of peace, prosperity, and freedom among all countries of the world. We stand shoulder to shoulder with the government of India in combating the challenges facing the international community.  While the nation of India has been a trusted friend in international affairs, people of Indian descent who have chosen to immigrate to this Nation have consistently contributed to our prosperity at home. Through their participation in the U.S. space shuttle program, their technological contributions that power the computer and the Internet, and their significant breakthroughs in modern medicine, Indian Americans have helped to make the United States the world leader in countless fields. Furthermore, Indian-Americans teach at, and are leaders of, many U.S. institutions of higher learning, thus passing on their legacy to our future world leaders.  In my home district of Northwest Indiana the contributions of the Indian-American community are no less great. I would like to name but a few of the outstanding leaders, educators, and citizens who help to make the Indiana First such wonderful place. Doctors Bharat Barai, Panna Barai, Vijay Gupta, Padma Neelaveni, Vijay Dave, Shaun Kondamuri, Avtar Dhindsa, Beno Sikand, Harish Shah, Vidya Kora, Jagdish Patel, Kalpna Patel, Ravi Kanakamedela and Sandhya Kanakamedela have given tirelessly of their selves to serve our community and improve the health and well-being of my constituents.  Mr. Speaker, at this time, I ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in recognizing and paying tribute to India and Indian-Americans. Again, I express my hopes for continued cooperation between our nations, and my gratitude for the role that Indian-Americans have played in making this Nation great.  