Speaker, it is my honor to rise today in support of House Resolution 676 and to celebrate the 40th anniversary of congressional passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.  This landmark piece of legislation has been a cornerstone of our democracy for the past 40 years. The leaders who championed these important protections were visionaries armed with a truly moral cause. Congress sent the Civil Rights Act to President Johnson who signed the measure into law on July 2, 1964. That date will forever serve as the date our country embraced the fundamental right to equality. No longer would Americans tolerate injustice and discrimination.  As the Representative of a racially, ethnically, and spiritually diverse constituency, I have witnessed the blending of cultures and the strong and vital community that has resulted from those forces. The Civil Rights Act of 1964 was the pivotal moment in Americanhistory that ensured the vitality of Northwest Indiana, and all of our communities. Though this legislation required decades of struggle and sacrifice in order to be realized, the gains we have been able to achieve as its result have been unparalleled.  The Civil Rights Act of 1964 was passed in the 88th Congress to enforce the constitutional right to vote, tackling discriminatory tests and obstacles placed in the path of many who sought to have a voice in their representation. It banned discrimination in federally assisted programs and outlawed segregation in businesses such as theaters, restaurants, and hotels. Title VII of the Act took the fundamentally important step of prohibiting discrimination by employers on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion or sex. It provided crucial enforcement mechanisms, by enlisting the district courts, the Attorney General, the Commission on Civil Rights, and the newly established Commission on Equal Employment Opportunity. Each provides vigorous and proactive protection of constitutional rights and takes action against those who continue to discriminate. This piece of legislation was a critical step in our Nation's efforts to address the issues of fundamental rights and institutionalized discrimination.  This legislation was, above all ``essentially moral in character,'' as Senate Minority Leader Everett M. Dirksen stated. Passing the legislation was the right thing to do at the time, and vigorously enforcing it is the right thing to do in our time.  Mr. Speaker, at this time I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in recognizing that the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was the result of many years of struggle and sacrifice by Americans who fought for equality and justice, to whom we owe a great debt of gratitude. I applaud all those whose support and efforts led to the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the most comprehensive civil rights legislation in our Nation's history. It is with great honor and pride that I commemorate the 40th anniversary of this landmark legislation.  