 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Department of Justice Reauthorization Act, which includes the text of H.R. 1708, the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant program.  I would begin my remarks by thanking my dear colleague, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo), the sponsor of H.R. 1708. I have given him my heartfelt gratitude for his leadership on this issue.  I also want to thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Chairman Sensenbrenner) and the gentleman from South Carolina (Chairman Coble), the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), the ranking members, as well as the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Scott), for all of their support and cooperation in this endeavor.  Madam Speaker, I first authored and introduced the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act with the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo) in 1997 after meeting with northwest Indiana police officers and hearing that many gang members and drug dealers had the bulletproof vests while many police officers did not. I was even more troubled to learn that the reasons so many officers did not have access to bulletproof vests was because of their prohibitive expense.  As my colleagues know, the purpose of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant program is to protect the lives of law enforcement officers by helping States and local governments equip them with vests. Many departments simply cannot afford to purchase vests for all of their officers, a fact which sometimes forces officers to purchase their own.  Unfortunately, between 1992 and the year 2001, 594 police officers were shot and killed in the line of duty. Of those slain, roughly half were not wearing bulletproof vests because their departments could not afford them.  This act, among other things, recognizes that the lack of protective body armor is even more evident not only in large cities, but in small rural departments. Statistics show that officers in smaller departments are much less likely to have vests than their counterparts in large metropolitan departments. That is why, in order to make sure that no community is left out, half of the funds in the vest partnership act are reserved for jurisdictions with fewer than 100,000 residents.  In closing, the police officers who risk their lives for all of us are mothers and fathers. They are sons and daughters. It is our obligation to the officers and their families to give them accessto the equipment that will safeguard them; and, again, I appreciate the gentleman from New Jersey's (Mr. LoBiondo) leadership and the chairman's leadership on this issue and ask for support of the legislation.  