I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3036, the Department of Justice Reauthorization Act, which includes the text of my legislation, H.R. 1708, the reauthorization of the successful Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program.  At the outset of my remarks, I would like to thank Chairman Sensenbrenner and Chairman Coble as well as Ranking Member of the full Committee Mr. Conyers and the Ranking Member of the Crime Subcommittee Mr. Scott for their past support and efforts on behalf of this important legislation. I would also be remiss if I did not express my heartfelt gratification and thanks to the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. LoBiondo, the lead cosponsor of H.R. 1708.  Madam Speaker, I am very excited to be on the floor of the House once again to reauthorize the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act for a second time. As you know, the original measure was approved by this body with an overwhelming majority in the 105th Congress. Due to the success of the program, it was reauthorized for an additional 3 years in the 106th Congress. Section 207 of today's measure will reauthorize this program, once again, through fiscal year 2007.  If could take a step back Mr. Speaker, I first authored and introduced the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act in November 1997 after meeting with Northwest Indiana police chiefs and hearing that many gang members and drug dealers had the protection of bulletproof vests, while many police officers did not. I was even more troubled to learn the reason why so many officers do not have access to bulletproof vests. During a visit I made to the local chapter of the Fraternal Order of Police in Dyer, Indiana, officers explained to me that bulletproof vests are prohibitively expensive. A good vest can cost upwards of $500. Many small departments, as well as some larger ones, simply cannot afford to purchase vests for all of their officers, a fact which sometimes forces officers to purchase their own. My original legislation quickly gained overwhelming bipartisan support in this body, due to the fact that similar problems were being experienced by local police departments all across the United States and President Clinton signed the legislation into law in June of 1998 as P.L. 105-181.  Northwest Indiana's police officers work hard to keep the public safe, often at great personal risk to themselves. I am committed to securing the safety equipment these brave men and women need, so they can do their jobs and keep our communities safe. The Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program has been effective in saving the lives of law enforcement officers. According to statistics provided by the Lake County, Indiana, Sheriff's Department, bulletproof vests secured under this program have saved the lives of 18 police officers in that county alone.  Between 1999 through the end of 2003, 23 different law enforcement entities throughout my District have purchased a total of 1,119 vests to protect their police officers. Whether it is the largest city in my District, Gary, with a population of nearly 103,000 people and a current force of 296 police officers purchasing 678 vests, the Town of Merrillville, with a population of 30,500 and a current force of 52 police officers purchasing 89 vests, or in the cases of a smaller police department, like St. John Indiana, with a population of 8,300 and a force of 14 fulltime officers purchasing 34 vests for their officers, this program has worked to protect the lives of those who protect us.  As you know, the purpose of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program is to protect the lives of law enforcement officers by helping States and local governments equip themwith bulletproof vests. Bulletproof vests and body armor have saved thousands of lives since the introduction of the modern bulletproof material, however, they cannot protect the lives of those who do not have access to them. Unfortunately, between 1992 and 2001, 594 police officers were gunned down in the line of duty. Of those slain, roughly half were not wearing bulletproof vests because sadly, their departments could not afford to provide them with these lifesaving pieces of equipment. The Federal Bureau of Investigation has estimated that the risk of fatality from a firearm for officers not wearing body armor is 14 times higher than for officers wearing body armor. The Fraternal Order of Police have stated that, ``body armor is one of the most important pieces of equipment an officer can have and often mean the difference between life and death.'' According to the IACP/Dupont Kevlar Survivors Club, there are over 2,750 law enforcement officers in the United States who are alive today thanks to the bulletproof vests they were wearing.  The Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program has directly benefited every State and territory of the United States. This critical program provides State, local, and tribal law enforcement officers with needed protection by aiding the purchase of protective equipment. More than 700,000 bulletproof vests are worn today as a direct result of this program.  The Act also recognizes that the lack of protective body armor is even more evident in small, rural police departments. Statistics show that officers in smaller departments are much less likely to have vests than their counterparts in large metropolitan departments. H.R. 1708, the text of which is included in Section 207 of this legislation, would meet the goal of saving officers' lives by reauthorizing the current grant program within the Justice Department for an additional 3 years, providing 50-50 matching grants to State and local law enforcement agencies. These grants are targeted to jurisdictions where most officers do not currently have access to vests, and they are designed to be free of the red tape that often characterizes other grant programs. That is why, in order to make sure that no community is left out of the program, half of the funds are reserved for jurisdictions with fewer than 100,000 residents.  In closing, the police officers who risk their lives are mothers and fathers, and they are sons and daughters. It is our obligation, to the officers and their families, to give them access to the equipment that will safeguard their lives. This legislation is intended to create a partnership with State and local law enforcement agencies in order to make sure that every police officer who needs a bulletproof vest gets one.  I thank Madam Speaker and urge my colleagues to support the underlying bill.  