President, the Robb amendment on prescription medicine tells senior citizens and families across this country that the Senate is listening to them.  This amendment tells those seniors and all of those families--and I have been contacted by more than 4,000--that getting prescription drug coverage for older people under Medicare is a priority of this Congress and a priority that has to be addressed now. Pass the Robb amendment and you don't get into a situation where, at the end of the session, somebody says, gee, there just wasn't enough time; we just weren't able to address that prescription drug issue; it's too bad, we will have to wait until the next Congress.  I think it is particularly important to pass the Robb amendment now because it builds on the important work, the important progress that was made in the Budget Committee.  I particularly commend my colleague from Oregon in the chair today, Senator Smith, and also Senator Snowe, for their courage. The two of them have worked with me and others for more than 15 months as a result of the concern of older people. We thought it was time to come together on a bipartisan basis and get this relief for older people now.  I have come to the floor more than 25 times in the last few months to describe the problem of seniors who are supposed to be taking three pills but they can only afford two. They are breaking their Lipitor capsules--the ones that help lower cholesterol and various blood pressure problems--in half because they can't afford their medicine.  So in the Budget Committee, as a result of the work of my colleague from Oregon, Senator Smith, and Senator Snowe, we have made a good bipartisan start. We locked in $40 billion to spend on prescription drugs, and we said there was a sense of urgency because the Senate Finance Committee ought to act on or before September 1, and if they didn't, it would be possible to come directly to the floor of the Senate and bring this issue up so that the American people could see who was on the side of covering prescription drugs for older people.  The older people, right now, get shellacked twice. Medicare isn't covering these important therapies. There is not a specialist in health care, Democrat or Republican, who would not offer this coverage if they were reinventing Medicare today. But in addition to not getting coverage, those older people and their families are subsidizing the big buyers. If you are in a small pharmacy in rural Oregon or rural Minnesota, or in another community across this country, in effect, if you don't have prescription drug coverage, you are out there subsidizing the big buyers, the health maintenance organizations and the health plans that do.  So the start we made in the Budget Committee by making sure there would be an adequate amount of money to put this program in place, to make sure we had a timetable to get the job done, so that Congress could not duck this issue and would have to see action by the Finance Committee or face the prospect early this fall of dealing with it on the floor of the Senate--that progress in the Budget Committee is something we would build on with the Robb amendment.  The Robb amendment makes it very clear that Congress cannot duck this issue, and budgets are about more than numbers; they are about more than charts and graphs and cold figures. The Robb amendment reflects the hopes and aspirations of our seniors and our working families--the ones my colleague and friend, Senator Smith, and I have met at townhall meetings who came to us and told us, as so many seniors have said to me: I cannot make ends meet. My Social Security went up by only a little bit, and my prescription drug bill went up hundreds of dollars during that period of time.  The Robb amendment says that we have been listening to those older people; that we understand this issue is a priority for them, this issue is so important that Congress is not going to go home until it has been addressed. I was very proud of what was done in the Budget Committee. I think my colleague from Oregon and Senator Snowe, because of the many discussions we had, were under a tremendous amount of pressure when that discussion came up because it was a very tense moment.  I think my colleague from Oregon said it well, and the Robb amendment reflects this also: This is time to be on the right side of history. This is time to revolutionize American health care. In effect, the revolution in American health care has bypassed the Medicare program. These medicines today help older people stay well. They help folks lower their blood pressure and cholesterol. Now we have a chance, using competitive marketplace principles, to come together and put this program in place.  Senator Daschle has emphasized in talking to me on almost a daily basis how he wants to bring the Senate together on this issue. The chairman of the Budget Committee was very patient in working with us as we tried to deal with this issue in committee. The Robb amendment compliments those efforts, builds on those efforts by making it clear that Congress should not leave for this session until we have put this important program in place.  For the older people of this country who average 18 prescriptions a year, 20 percent of whom spend over $1,000 a year out-of-pocket on their medicines, when they see the Robb amendment get passed by the Senate, they will say, finally, Congress is listening to us. My friend and colleague from Oregon and I have had the experience where seniors brought their bills to us at these sessions. When we pass the Robb amendment, we will make it clear to those seniors and working families that we have heard them. There is not a specialist in the health care field, Democrat or Republican, who now doesn't believe that prescription drugs ought to be part of this program. This is a chance to revolutionize American health care, to concentrate on keeping people well.  Just one brief example: If we can get anticoagulant medicines covered for older people, which is something the Robb amendment would make possible, it might cost $1,000 a year for seniors to get help with that medicine, and we could end up saving $100,000 in costs incurred by Part A of Medicare, the hospital program, when an older person suffers a stroke because they could not get their medicine on an outpatient basis.  I am going to wrap up by describing what really brought this problem home to me and my friend from Oregon, Senator Smith. We have been to Hillsboro in our State many times. Recently, I got a letter from a physician in Hillsboro who told me he had to put a senior citizen in a hospital for 6 weeks because that older person could not afford their medicine on an outpatient basis. When the physician in Hillsboro, in our home State, put the older person in the hospital, they were able to get help under Part A of Medicare, the hospital portion of the program. But the Government could have saved money with the effort that is behind the Robb amendment and what we tried to start in the Budget Committee. We could have gotten help for that senior in Hillsboro, OR, in a most cost-effective way, more quickly, and in a way that would have left the older person more comfortable because they would have been in the community rather than in a hospital.  So I only ask, as we continue this debate--and I gather it will go into tomorrow--that we focus on building on the progress that was made in the Budget Committee, to a great extent because two of my colleagues, Senator Snowe and Senator Smith, showed real courage in working with us. If we pass the Robb amendment, we build on that important progress and again demonstrate to the older people and the working families of this country we are listening to them.  With that, I yield the floor.  