President, budgets aren't just about charts and graphs and cold figures on a sheet of paper. Budgets are about the hopes and aspirations of the American people and our core values. In my view, if the Senate passes the Robb amendment this morning, it will send a message to the millions of senior citizens and families across this country that their hope of prescription drug coverage under Medicare is a priority for the Senate.  If the Senate passes the Robb amendment, it will be a chance to build on the progress that was made on the prescription drug issue in the Budget Committee. I particularly thank my colleagues, Senator Snowe and Senator Smith. In the Budget Committee, we were able to lock in a hard figure of $40 billion to start this prescription drug program.  Just as important, in the Budget Committee, there is a stipulation that if the Finance Committee doesn't act on the prescription drug issue on or about September 1 of this year, it is possible for any Member of this Senate, without points of order, to come directly to the floor. So we have been able to register our commitment behind the urgency of prescription drug coverage for older people.  The Robb amendment recognizes that the revolution in modern health care has bypassed the Medicare program. Every major private sector player in the health care field understands that pharmaceuticals are essential because they help to keep people well. Medicare Part A, on the other hand, will pay thousands of dollars for senior citizens' hospital bills, but Medicare Part B will not pay for outpatient prescription drug coverage to help older people stay well.  So that is why this is so important to the American people, and the Robb amendment says to all of those senior citizens who are breaking their pills in half because they can't afford their medicine or taking two pills when they ought to be taking three, who ought to be taking a drug such as Lipitor to deal with cholesterol and blood pressure and can't afford it, we have heard that, we understand how important this coverage is to older people.  If we pass the Robb amendment, it will not be possible for Members of this body to get to the end of the session and then say, gee, there just wasn't time to deal with this issue that is so important to seniors and families.  This amendment is critical to the hopes and aspirations of the American people. They are asking that prescription drug coverage be added to this program.  I yield the floor.  