President, very shortly I will be sending to the desk an amendment to deal with an issue of extraordinary importance; that is, the question of pharmaceuticals that get to the market to a great extent through taxpayer-funded research.  From the very beginning of this debate on prescription drugs, I teamed up with Senator Olympia Snowe of Maine on this issue. I believe this prescription drug issue is so extraordinarily important that it has to be pursued in a bipartisan fashion.  We have seen that there is an enormous interest in this country on the question of prescription drugs, and it has become a heated and contentious debate. In an effort to try to ensure this discussion was bipartisan at every level, in developing the amendment I will very shortly offer, I consulted at some length with the chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Specter of Pennsylvania, as well as Senator Harkin, the ranking minority member.  Because he is on the floor, at this time I would especially like to thank Chairman Specter and his staff for all the efforts to work with us on this matter. Chairman Specter has been very gracious as well as his staff--I see Bettilou Taylor here--in making time to work with us on an amendment that I believe will be acceptable to both the majority and the minority when I send it to the desk.  In this discussion of the question of pharmaceuticals that get to market largely through taxpayer funds, I think it was said very clearly by Congressman Bill Thomas, the chairman of the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Health, and a member of the Republican leadership: ``When taxpayers' money is being spent, there ought to be a return on that investment.''  I am going to repeat that because I think it says it very well. Congressman Bill Thomas, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee subcommittee said: ``When taxpayers' money is being spent, there ought to be a return on that investment.''  I think what is critical at this point is that taxpayers and citizens of this country understand just how extensive the Federal investment in these pharmaceuticals is.  We all understand that the development of prescription medicine in this country is a risky business. You are going to have some successful investments. You also are going to have some dry holes. That is the nature of the free enterprise system. That is what entrepreneurship is all about. It is about risk taking, and it is about focusing on bright, creative ideas in the private marketplace. Particularly in the pharmaceutical sector, this approach has lead to nothing less than a revolution. So many of the medicines of today are central to keeping people well, and keeping folks healthy. They help to hold down blood pressure and cholesterol. As a result of those medicines, we end up very often seeing massive savings that would otherwise be incurred by what is called Part A of the Medicare program--the hospital portion of the program.  This exciting revolution in the pharmaceutical sector is one that we all appreciate. However, today we want to take special note of the fact that the taxpayers have contributed in a very significant way to that revolution.  According to the Joint Economic Committee, Federal research was instrumental in the development of 15 of the 21 drugs considered to have the highest therapeutic impact on society which were introduced between 1965 and 1992. Of those 15 pharmaceuticals, 7 have specific ties to the National Institutes of Health. Of those seven pharmaceuticals with direct connections tothe National Institutes of Health, three had more than $1 billion in sales in 1994, and in 1995.  Mr. President, I send my amendment to the desk.  