This is an issue on which he and I have worked for several years now.  The New Millennium Classrooms Act is about digital recycling. It gives companies an incentive to recycle technology. It says the computer Bill Gates may see as a dinosaur, is really a dynamic new opportunity for a student who has none.  The E-Rate program, authored by Senators Rockefeller and Snowe, has been an enormous success, helping to wire almost all of the nation's schools and a good portion of the nation's classrooms. What schools need now is good equipment. That's the purpose of this amendment.  We know that very early in this new Century 60% of all jobs will require high-tech computer skills. To prepare our children for the jobs of the future, they not only must have access to technology, but they must be trained to use it as well.  The purpose of our amendment is to build more bridges between the technology ``haves'' and the ``have nots;'' to build more on-ramps to the information superhighway. You can't get 21st Century classrooms, using Flintstones technology.  Technology is not cheap and school budgets are limited, making it tough for schools to upgrade their systems by themselves. The point of our amendment is to enhance existing incentives to businesses to donate computer equipment to schools.  There is a federal program in place, the 21st Century Classroom Act of 1997, but its use has been limited. It allows businesses to take a tax deduction for certain computer equipment donations to K-12 schools. But most businesses take longer to upgrade their computers than allowed for under the law.  The New Millennium Classrooms Act would make this law work the way it was intended. First, our legislation would increase the age limit from two to three years for donated equipment eligible for a tax credit. This more realistically tracks the time line businesses follow for their computer upgrades. It will cover hardware that possesses the necessary memory capacity and graphics capability to support Internet and multimedia applications.  Second, our bill expands the current limitation of ``original use'' to include both original equipment manufacturers and any corporation that reacquires their equipment. We believe that by expanding the number of donors eligible for the credit, we will expand the number of computers donated to schools.  Third, our bill provides for a 30% tax credit of the fair market value for school computer donations, and a 50% credit for donations to schools located in empowerment zones, enterprise communities and Indian reservations. The Department of Commerce report highlights the need to encourage computer donation in these notoriously under-served communities and we want to target donations toward these communities.  Finally, our bill requires an operating system to be included on a donated computer's hard drive in order to qualify for the tax credit. This will ensure students don't get empty computer shells, but the brains that drive the computers.  Our legislation is supported by a wide range of business and education groups. Leaders of technology associations, like the Information Technology Industry Council and TechNet, and the National Association of Manufacturers have joined education associations, such as the National Association of Secondary School Principals and the National Association of State University and Land Grant Colleges, in support of the amendment.  The Digital Millennium Classrooms Act promotes digital recycling. It will encourage companies to put their used computers into classrooms instead of into landfills. It will help build a safety net under students trying to cross the digital divide. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and again wish to commend Senator Abraham for his leadership on this legislation.  