People in Nevada should understand that what this legislation does is take away from all States what has historically been their prerogative, which is to determine appropriate medical practice. There is a great body of case law and a variety of legal precedents that establish that right, and folks in Nevada should understand that. I think it is also on point to note that people in Maine are voting right now on this issue. I think it is open to some question as to what will be the effect of that Maine ballot measure right now if the tax legislation were to pass as written and, in effect, throw Oregon folk to the trash can, and it might do the same thing for people in Maine. I thank my colleague for his questions.  Mr. President, if the Senate was here today to vote on a stand-alone bill which would lead to unspeakable, avoidable suffering for hundreds of thousands of terminally ill citizens, there is no question in my mind that the Senate would not pass it. So what we have to ask is why has the Senate leadership stuck into this tax bill, legislation that the American Cancer Society and over 50 nationally recognized health organizations believe will cause unnecessary suffering for thousands of terminally ill citizens in each State in our country.  What is particularly ironic is that this legislation has not moved forward with any of the traditional procedures of the Senate. It has never been reported out by a committee of jurisdiction. It has never been subject to amendment by the full Senate. There has never been a chance to debate it on the floor of the Senate. The fact is that this legislation, which is one of the central bioethical questions in our society, was stuffed into the tax bill close to midnight the other night, without overcoming even one of the traditional procedures the Senate follows.  Now, Senator Kerry noted the name of this bill. It is the so-called ``Pain Relief Promotion Act.'' The fact of the matter is, this legislation is really the ``Pain Promotion Act'' because it is going to have a chilling effect on health care providers all across this country who simply want to practice good pain management.  I know my friend from Colorado, who is in the Chair today, also represents a rural State. Let me tell you about the kind of concern I have if the Nickles bill, as written, becomes law. Let us say you have a physician in Colorado or in Iowa or another rural State who is opposed to assisted suicide--and I am opposed to assisted suicide; I have joined colleagues here in voting to ban Federal funding of assisted suicide. But let's say a physician in Colorado, who is opposed to assisted suicide, wants to treat pain aggressively with a suffering patient. If they do, their intent, their mental calculus can later be dissected by law enforcement officials who, if they believe that anti-assisted suicide physician really had a different intent, can prosecute that physician. And the medical providers involved would be subject to a mandatory minimum sentence of 20 years, a fine that is upwards of a million dollars and they would lose their DEA registration.  The fact is that the undertreatment of pain today is a documented public health crisis. There was just another survey published very recently demonstrating that physicians and health care providers are reluctant to treat pain aggressively because they are very fearful of having their decisions second-guessed by law enforcement. There are a number of us--the American Cancer Society is one--who are opposed to assisted suicide. Yet the American Cancer Society has said that because of the chilling ramifications of pain management, it believes the Nickles legislation included in the tax bill is going to hurt cancer patients nationwide.  The American Academy of Family Physicians is another major medical group opposed to assisted suicide and they oppose the Nickles legislation; so is the American Nurses Association, the Oncology Nursing Society, the Indiana State Hospice and Palliative Care Association, and the Texas Medical Association. In sum, there are more than 50 respected health organizations that are opposed to physician-assisted suicide and also oppose the Nickles legislation included in this tax bill.  If we do care about humane medical treatment--and I know that every Senator cares about the suffering of those who are vulnerable--I believe when you actually read what is in this tax bill and what Senator Nickles has been able to include, if you wish to join us in alleviating suffering and protecting the poor, elderly, and vulnerable, you have to oppose the Nickles legislation because it hurts the very people that our colleagues care about.  I want to raise a troublesome flag now with respect to this bill. To my knowledge, not a single nursing organization in America supports the bill purporting to relieve pain for the dying--not one. But seven nursing organizations, including the American Nurses Association, National Association of Hospice and Palliative Nurses, Pediatric Oncology Nurses, and the American Society of Pain Management Nurses, oppose the alleged pain relief bill included in this tax legislation.  Now, you know when a loved one is in a hospital, the physician may have ultimate responsibility for the care, but the nurses are the ones on the front lines coping with pain. Seven major nursing organizations, representing those on the front lines, have come out against the Nickles bill. So the question is, how could all of this happen? I think the Senate may want to reflect on the procedures involved because I think other Senators may find the same sort of absurd process applied in matters that are important to their States.  When Senator Nickles introduced the Pain Relief Promotion Act last year, the bill was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. That is because, for obvious reasons, the bill has enormous ramifications for pain and health care. The bill received a hearing in 1999. It wasn't acted on by the committee. Members on both sides of the aisle expressed concerns about the legislation's impact on end-of-life and pain care. Unfortunately, a House bill identical to that legislation was passed by the House and was suddenly referred to the Senate Judiciary Committee, which didn't have jurisdiction on this critical health issue. The Parliamentarian did something that I believe showed great courage, and I commend him for it. He simply told the news media that a mistake had been made, that the Nickles legislation had been referred to the wrong committee.  I thought it was a very courageous, gutsy thing for the Parliamentarian to do. It was the kind of unfortunate accident that can happen.  The Judiciary Committee, as one might guess, had a chairman who was sympathetic to the Nickles legislation who pushed and pushed to mark it up before the American Cancer Society made it clear that the Nickles legislation would hurt cancer patients. They got the bill out of the Judiciary Committee on a 10-8 vote.  Now you know that the bill is very controversial. That is why it is coming to the floor of the Senate in the form it is. They could not get the Senate to approve this legislation if the traditional procedure of the Senate were followed.  In fact, since the Nickles legislation had been introduced with a handful of Democrats who were supportive, several have now indicated their opposition largely for the reasons I have cited--that the Nickles legislation would have a chilling effect on pain management.  The reason this bill has been stuffed into the tax legislation is that it cannot go forward on its own. There is too much controversy attached to it, too much uncertainty about its ramifications on pain care for the dying for the leadership to bring it to the floor in the normal way.  The fact is that the Senator from Oklahoma doesn't have the votes. At one point, the supporters had 80 votes. It got out of the Judiciary Committee 10-8.  I said last summer, let's follow the traditional rules of the Senate. After we had agreed to that, the distinguished Senator from New York, who is very opposed to assisted suicide, saw how much damage this legislation would do for the suffering and said he couldn't support the bill.  Senator Nickles saw that support was quickly moving away from him and that he didn't have the votes to pass his legislation following the traditional procedure of the Senate. To compensate for the lack of votes and the inability to follow traditional procedures in the Senate, the senior Senator from Oklahoma has chosen the least democratic method at his disposal to circumvent an honest debate and avoid even a couple of modest amendments.  What is striking is the senior Senator from Oklahoma has on various occasions apparently said we shouldn't have extraneous matters brought in that had not been considered separately in a conference report. But he is allowing exactly this to be done with his bill.  The senior Senator from Oklahoma is betting that by stuffing his legislation into this conference report, everybody is going to be so resigned to the outcome and so anxious to bring down the gavel and get home that this body is just going to ignore its obligation to the scores and scores of families and suffering patients who are going to be hurt by this legislation.  The senior Senator from Oklahoma may be right. I suppose that is the way it often works in the Senate. However, I am going to be asking my colleagues--and will talk more about this subject when we get back on the tax legislation--to step up to the suffering with so much on the line. I want them to know what is at stake.  If this legislation is approved, the friends of every Senator, loved ones, and constituents are going to find it impossible to obtain aggressive pain care in their communities. Patients unable to obtain pain care are a fact of life right now, but at least we have some solace in knowing that thousands of brave health professionals are willing to risk their reputations and their careers to prescribe controlled substances to relieve suffering.  If the tax legislation goes forward without removing the Nickles bill, the undertreatment of pain, which is already a documented public health crisis, is going to get worse. Our loved ones--yours, mine--and individuals in every community across this country are going to suffer the consequences with this flawed legislation.  I hope that before we have a final vote on this issue, each and every one of our colleagues will read the statement of the American Cancer Society on this legislation. They are an organization that opposes assisted suicide, as I do. Yet here is what they say about the Nickles legislation. This is the direct statement of the American Cancer Society about the Nickles legislation. The American Cancer Society states, and I quote:       Under the act, all physicians, and particularly physicians      who care for those with terminal illnesses, will be made      especially vulnerable to having their pain and symptom      management treatment decisions questioned by law enforcement      officials not qualified to judge medical decision-making.      This can result in unnecessary investigation and further      disincentive to aggressively treat pain.  That is the American Cancer Society describing how the Nickles legislation will have a chilling effect on pain care.  I would like to offer a bit of a historical perspective. The nonprescription abuse of opioids and cocaine around the turn of the century and the growing sentiment that doctors at that time were one component of the growing drug problem in America helped contribute to the stigma associated with the use of opioids for pain.  According to a seminar on oncology and in an article by Dr. David Wiseman, ``Doctors, Opioids, and the Law: The Effect of Controlled Substances Regulation on Cancer Pain Management,'' when regulations were enacted in 1914 to keep from treating drug addicts with opioids, the stigma attached to those drugs continued to grow, and physicians across the country became more reticent to prescribe those drugs because of their fear of criminal or licensing sanctions against their practice.  The undertreatment of pain is due to a variety of complex causes. There certainly are a number of studies that show that the threat of legal sanctions is one of the main roadblocks to humane pain control. And that is before the Nickles legislation in the Senate would direct to Drug Enforcement Administration to have law enforcement agents second-guessing the judgment of doctors.  One 1994 California survey showed that 69 percent of physicians cited the potential for disciplinary action as a reason for prescribing opioids conservatively. One-third of the doctors went on to acknowledge that their own patients may be suffering from untreated pain.  What we saw last week in Oregon was a brand new study that showed again that physicians are fearful about aggressively treating pain for fear of legal prosecution. It confirmed the 1994 California survey.  For that reason, I am happy to yield to my friend and colleague.  