President, before he leaves the floor, I thank the chairman of the Budget Committee for the opportunity to be involved in this issue. I think the chairman has said it very well. In effect, what he has done is make the case for why the bill we are proposing is absolutely essential to modernize the Medicare program.  If there is one principle that Medicare is going to have to stand for in the 21st century, it is that we must change this system which now literally rewards waste and penalizes frugality.  Medicare has an HMO reimbursement system today which is, even by beltway standards, perverse. It sends the message if you are really inefficient, if you have not taken the steps that Colorado and Oregon and other States have taken, don't worry about it, don't go out and make the tough choices about introducing competition to your community. The Federal Government will just keep sending you big checks.  I think it is absolutely key, especially given the fact that close to a million seniors are going to lose their HMO coverage this year--close to a million seniors will lose their coverage this year--that we pass this bipartisan legislation. I think the chairman is right. I think by the end of the next couple of days, we will have many other colleagues from both political parties here. I see my friend, Senator Smith of Oregon, has come into the Chamber. He and I have worked on this issue since he has come to the Senate as part of our bipartisan agenda for Oregon. I am going to talk for a few minutes to try to elaborate on some of the themes Chairman Domenici has so eloquently addressed.  As we have seen in Oregon and New Mexico and so many other States, the present HMO reimbursement system is literally driving HMO plans out of the program and leaving seniors across this country petrified about their future health care in their communities. What senior after senior asks at this point is how can it be that since they pay the same amount for hospitalization and outpatient services, if they live in Pendleton or they live in Portland, they pay the same amount for outpatient and hospitalization services as seniors in other parts of the country yet the Federal Government does not send an equal payment to folks in Pendleton and Portland? As Chairman Domenici has very specifically and eloquently described, they send dramatically different payments to communities across this country. So you can have communities, for example, on the east coast, that literally get twice the reimbursement of communities in Oregon and New Mexico.  We hear about it very bluntly from our constituents. You can have a senior in Pendleton or Coos Bay call up their cousin in one of the cities back East and ask their cousin about Medicare, how it is going.  The senior back East says: You know, it goes great. I get prescription drugs for only a few dollars a month. I also get dental coverage. I get free hearing aids. How is it going for you there in Coos Bay or Pendleton or Albuquerque, NM? How is Medicare going for you?  That senior in Albuquerque or Pendleton or Portland wants to throw the telephone through the living room window because they don't get that prescription drug coverage, hearing aids, or dental coverage because the reimbursement is as low as Chairman Domenici has described.  The Congress was supposed to have begun, several years ago, a bipartisan effort to change this. The system was called a blended rate. In effect, over the next few years, we would move to a national system, so instead of driving some of these high-cost areas down precipitously, we would move low-cost areas up over the next few years. Unfortunately, that system has been delayed. It has been delayed, in my view, in a fashion that has made for many plans saying they can no longer afford to stay in business; certainly no longer afford to offer some of those benefits such as prescription drugs, which are so important to seniors.  That is why Chairman Domenici and I and Senator Grassley and Senator Kerrey and I know many of our colleagues are going to join in a bipartisan effort, first, to establish a minimum payment floor for urban counties; second, to boost the rural counties where, again, these programs have barely been able to survive as a result of low reimbursement rates; and, third, to address the concerns with respect to wages that Senator Grassley has so eloquently described. But I am of the view that if this Congress is to modernize the Medicare program, the essence of such a modernization effort is to create more options and more choices. That will not be possible if you perpetuate an HMO reimbursement system that day after day after day penalizes frugality and rewards waste.  For those who really want to get into the details of this subject, the system is known as the AAPCC, the average adjusted per capita cost. The way it has worked, the HMOs are reimbursed by the Federal Government through a system that historically has looked at average local costs of various procedures, such as a heart bypass in Pendleton or cataract operation in Portland--and then you calculate a formula for reimbursing these HMOs, using a percentage of the fee-for-service costs for health care in the area.  But at the end of the day, the message is, if you are wasteful, don't worry about it. If you are inefficient, the Federal Government is going to say maybe that is not ideal, but we will just send you a check to reflect the fact that you are not taking steps to hold down your costs and we are not going to give you any consequences as a result.  That makes no sense to Senator Domenici and me and our cosponsors. I know it makes no sense to the Presiding Officer because he and I have talked about this innumerable times. We tried to boost reimbursement rates for the people of Oregon. We have to change the Medicare program to eliminate the discrimination against communities that control costs while offering good quality care.  Our bipartisan legislation is not just a one-time infusion of money. We structured it so that money becomes part of a base for future increases, which in my view helps to jump-start what Congress intended several years ago by passing legislation to promote a nationwide blended rate.  We all understand that at present, as we look to the last days of the session, with the budget surplus, it is going to be possible to use a portion of that surplus, after we have helped pay down the debt, after hopefully there is a targeted tax cut; at that point, we will have some dollars to take the steps to better meet the health care needs of older people and also jump start the modernization of the Medicare program.  Our legislation, I hope, will be part of that effort. I think Chairman Domenici and Senator Grassley, among our cosponsors, are very likely to be in the room at the end of the day when that legislation is being offered. I and others are going to do our best to support those efforts in the Budget Committee. I know the Presiding Officer and I have used every opportunity to raise these issues, and we are going to continue to do so.  Our State has been a pioneer in the health care reform area. We are proud of the fact that we are the first State in the country to have made tough choices about health care priorities through the Oregon health plan. We are proud of the fact that we have been able to introduce more choices and more competition to the health care system and, as a result, seniors in our State are able to get more for their health care dollar.  It is not right for older people in Oregon, New Mexico, Iowa, and in other States where they have done the heavy lifting and they have taken steps to hold down their costs, to be discriminated against by the Federal Government.  This bipartisan legislation, in my view, is going to help keep HMOs that are currently in the program in the program, and it will begin the process of bringing back to Medicare some of those we have lost because they have been discriminated against in the past with respect to reimbursement and they could not keep their doors open.  We will be talking about this legislation frequently in the last few days of this Congress and in the fall, and I believe passing this legislation, as we look at that final budget bill that is sure to be part of our fall debates, that this is one of the best ways we can target dollars that need to be spent carefully so as to maximize the values of what we are getting in health care for older people.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  