President, since the fall, I, and other Members of the Senate, have come to the floor of this bodyto talk about the need for prescription drug coverage for older people under Medicare.  As we look at this issue, I am especially pleased that Senator Daschle has been trying to reconcile the various legislative proposals that have been introduced on this issue. I know colleagues on the other side of the aisle have good ideas, as well.  I particularly commend my colleague, Senator Snowe of Maine. She and I have teamed up, on a bipartisan basis, for more than a year now. Senator Daschle is trying to bring these bills together and make it possible for us to go forward and address this vital issue for seniors in a bipartisan way.  What I am struck by, and what I want to touch on for a moment or two this morning, is how significant the ramifications are with respect to this prescription drug issue.  For example, one issue I have not talked about in connection with this prescription drug matter is how it is directly and integrally tied to the matter of medical errors. Many of our colleagues were astounded at the end of last year when the Institute of Medicine produced a landmark study--a truly landmark study--documenting the problem of medical errors today in American health care.  These medical errors end up injuring many of our citizens, of course. They cost vast amounts of money. What is striking is how many of them are tied to problems connected with prescriptions. For example, we know when a senior cannot afford to take their prescription or ends up only taking two pills, when three of them are essentially recommended by their physician, that can constitute a breakdown in our health system or, in fact, what amounts to a medical error.  I think I have been coming to the floor of the Senate and talked on the issue of prescription drugs something like 26 times in the last few months, for example, talking about instances where folks at home in Oregon are actually breaking up their pills, their cholesterol-lowering pills, because they cannot afford to take the entire pill. They believe if they break up the pill they can stretch it.  These are the kinds of medical tragedies we are seeing across this country. They are errors that we can correct if we go forward and address this issue--prescription drug coverage--in a bipartisan way.  It seems unconscionable to think that, in a Nation as rich and good and powerful as ours, with all of these older people walking on an economic tightrope, balancing their food costs against their fuel costs, fuel costs against their medical bills, we can't go forward, as Senator Daschle has suggested, and reconcile these various bills that have been introduced on this issue and enact a comprehensive program to help older people with their prescription drug bills, reduce the kinds of errors the Institute of Medicine found, and help a lot of families in our country.  I think there really are three principles we ought to zero in on in terms of trying to address this issue. First, I think there is general agreement now that this program be voluntary. I think many Members of Congress remember the ill-fated catastrophic care legislation, with a lot of older people believing at that time that they were being forced to pay for catastrophic benefits they were already receiving under their existing private health coverage.  Now I believe there already is a bipartisan consensus--Senator Daschle has touched on this a couple of times recently--that a prescription drug program ought to be voluntary for older people and voluntary for the various providers, insurers, and pharmaceutical benefit managers who might decide to participate in the program. I think that minimizes the possibility that older people and families will believe they are being coerced by Government to pay for something they are already receiving. That voluntary aspect of such a program is one area where there already is bipartisan agreement.  Second, I think there is a general belief that rather than inventing an entirely new structure for this program, it must be integrally tied to the existing Medicare program and, in particular, fit with an agenda for Medicare reform.  What the legislation I have worked on--the Snowe-Wyden legislation--does is allow the administrative body--called the SPICE board, because our bill stands for Senior Prescription Insurance Coverage Equity or SPICE--to contract with a variety of entities, insurance companies or pharmaceutical benefit managers or nonprofit agencies--anybody who was authorized under State law to administer a program. That way, we are not creating a whole new structure for dealing with this program; we are building on Medicare as it exists today. At the same time, we are doing something else which is critical; that is, adding more choice to the Medicare program.  I personally think the effort to make this program voluntary, to build on existing Medicare coverage, which makes the benefits available to all seniors--universal coverage for those eligible for the program--and then, in addition to those principles, add new choices to the Medicare program. The reason that is so important is, providing choices is what is going to generate the competition that can help hold down the prices of medicines for our older people.  We see so many seniors who can't afford their medicine. There is a great debate going on in the country now about whether it is the research costs of these drugs that have contributed to it. There are a variety of reasons being offered for why older people cannot afford their prescription drugs. I am interested in debating those.  What I am most interested in is making sure older people have the kind of bargaining power necessary to drive down the costs of their medicine. It seems to me they can get that bargaining power through an approach based on choice, such as we have, as Members of Congress, through the Federal Employees Health Benefits system. I am very hopeful that that expanded array of choices will be a key invisible part of a bipartisan effort to go forward and address this issue in the Senate.  As we head to a period of town meetings and discussions with folks at home, I know my colleagues are going to hear accounts from older people and families about horrible, tragic instances where older people cannot afford medicine and often end up getting sicker and needing much more expensive care when they cannot get those essential prescriptions. I think we have made a lot of progress in the last 2 or 3 months, with Senator Daschle having taken the lead, many colleagues on the other side of the aisle trying to bring the Senate together to find the common ground. I think we made a lot of progress.  I am hopeful that when the Senate reconvenes after this break to visit with folks at home, when the Budget Committee goes forward--and Senator Snowe and I both sit on the Budget Committee--that with the bipartisan leadership of Senator Domenici and Senator Lautenberg, we can get a generous earmark in the budget to cover prescription drugs and, in effect, continue the progress we have made towards getting a bipartisan prescription drug program enacted in this session of the Senate.  I have talked with Senator Lautenberg, ranking Democrat, Senator Conrad, others who have been involved in this issue on our side, and with Senator Domenici on the other side of the aisle. I think there is a real openness to making sure there is a generous earmark in that budget for a prescription drug program we would enact this year. After we get over that hurdle, the challenge will be, as Senator Daschle has outlined, to reconcile the various approaches that have been offered. As I mentioned, Senator Snowe and I have one we think makes sense, but we do not believe we have the last word.  We think the last word ought to belong to the American people. The American people are saying: We want you to deliver on this prescription drug issue. We want it done this session. We do not want it to go through yet another campaign season as campaign fodder through the fall. We want you to get it done this year. Take the steps necessary to provide older people the relief they need and deserve.  I look forward to being part of that effort in a bipartisan fashion.  I yield the floor.  