President, this morning there is fresh evidence that millions of our older Americans cannot afford their prescription medicine. I have come to the floor of this Senate on more than 20 occasions now to make this point. But the news this morning comes at an especially important time. On both sides of Capitol Hill efforts are underway to develop a practical approach to making sure older people can get prescription drug coverage under the Medicare program.  I have had the opportunity for many months now to work with colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and I am especially appreciative of the efforts of Senator Daschle to try to bring Members of the Senate together to find common ground in this session to get prescription drug coverage for older people. Under Senator Daschle's leadership, principles have been developed that every Member of the Senate would find appealing and attractive to. We have talked, for example, about how this program would be voluntary. No senior citizen who is comfortable with their prescription drug coverage would be required to do anything if they chose not to. That is something that would be attractive to both parties.  We have talked about making sure this is a market-oriented approach, that we use the kind of forces that are available to individuals receiving coverage in the private sector through private insurance and through health maintenance organizations. We want to make sure the benefit is available in all parts of the United States. There are areas of this country where there may not be big health plans, but as long as there is a telephone, a pharmacy, and a mailbox, we are going to be able to get the medicine to those older people in an affordable way.  Finally, many of my colleagues and I believe coverage ought to be universal. It ought to be available to all people on the Medicare program.  The most important point--and it is why I come to the floor today--is that we have fresh evidence that millions of seniors can't afford their medicine. We have to take steps to make the cost of medicine more affordable to the elderly. There is a right way to do this and a wrong way to do this. The wrong way is to institute a regime of private controls, a Federal one-size-fits-all approach because that involves a lot of cost shifting to other groups of citizens.  If we just have Federal price controls for the Medicare program, a lot ofwomen who are 27, single, with a couple of kids will see their prescription drug bill go through the roof. We will have to develop a market-oriented approach along the lines of what Members of Congress receive through the Federal Employees Health Benefits Plan. That way we can give senior citizens the kind of bargaining power that folks have in a health maintenance organization or in a private plan. We could do it without price controls that produce a lot of cost shifting.  This is an important date in the discussion about prescription drugs. Our older people don't get prescription drug coverage under the Medicare program. That has been the case since it began in 1965. When they walk into a pharmacy and don't have coverage, in effect, they are subsidizing the big buyers--the health maintenance organizations and the private plans.  I hope we can come together in the Senate to find common ground. Senator Daschle is trying to bring Members of the Senate together. I know there are colleagues on the other side of the aisle who feel exactly the same. Let's not let this issue go off as campaign fodder for the 2000 election. Let's not adjourn this session without coming together and enacting this important benefit for the elderly.  I don't believe America can afford not to cover prescription medicine. A lot of these drugs today might cost up to $1,000, such as an anticoagulant drug that is so important for the elderly. That is certainly a pricey sum. If a senior citizen can get anticoagulant medicine to prevent a stroke that would cost upwards of $100,000 or $150,000, it is pretty clear that prescription drug coverage is a sensible and cost-effective approach for the Senate to take.  I intend to return to the floor in the future, as I have done on more than 20 occasions, in an effort to bring the Senate together. I am especially appreciative of Senator Daschle's patience in our effort to try to find common ground. I know there are colleagues on the other side of the aisle who feel the same.  I yield the floor.  