President, similar to many of our colleagues, I have been back home in my State at townhall meetings. One of the very consistent themes I heard is that folks want to see us address some of the key issues of our time, particularly the economic issues.  I have heard again and again--and it is clear--that millions of senior citizens cannot afford their prescription medicine. I heard again and again that millions of married couples are being shackled by this marriage tax penalty. It seems to me Congress can fashion a prudent, well-crafted bill that addresses this marriage tax penalty and also responds to the concerns of seniors--without blowing up the budget, without violating the principles of fiscal responsibility, and by prudent use of the surplus.  Democrats want to see--and Democrats are anxious to work with Republicans on this--an effort to help the many seniors and families who are walking on an economic tightrope trying to afford their prescription drug bills. We want to see meaningful tax relief for married couples. What we have to do is work together, in a bipartisan way, to fashion that.  I will spend just a minute talking about how serious this prescription drug problem is for the Nation's older people.  When I was home recently, I heard from an elderly woman in Yoncalla, OR. She lives by herself. She lives in southern Oregon. She has an income of about $500 a month. When she is done paying her prescription drug bill, she has just a little bit over $200 to live on for the rest of the month. She lives a long way from pharmacies, so she cannot very well comparison shop.  She wants to know, why isn't it possible for this Congress to enact a prescription drug benefit for her and for others similarly situated? My view is, if we do not enact a prescription drug benefit for this person, she is going to end up a lot sicker and with a lot more health problems than she has today. That will be much more expensive to the taxpayers.  In addition, I recently heard from an elderly couple from Baker, OR, who have to take a great many prescription drugs. After their monthly medication, together they have less than $200 on which to get by. They said in their letter: ``That is not living. That is existing.''  Colleagues, it is very clear that in a country as rich and as strong as ours, we clearly are capable of doing justice to the vulnerable older people, such as the elderly folks I described from rural Oregon who are struggling to make ends meet and cannot afford their prescription drugs.  People ask us all the time: Can we afford prescription drug coverage? My message is: We cannot afford not to cover prescription drugs.  One of these anticoagulant medicines that helps prevent strokes in older people might cost $1,000 or $1,500 a year--certainly pricey--but you prevent that stroke with the medication and you save upwards of $100,000 that an older person might incur in expenses for problems associated with the stroke.  What we need to do--and the President has one approach; Senator Kennedy has another approach; Senator Snowe and I have worked together on a bipartisan basis--is bring these bills together and make sure we use marketplace forces to hold down the costs of prescription drugs for older people. Each one of these bills--the kind of approach the President is talking about, as well as the approaches Senator Kennedy and Senator Snowe and I aretalking about--each one of these approaches makes sure the dollars we earmark for this program are used to pay the prescription drug portion of an older person's private health insurance bill.  You hear a whole lot of talk these days about how the insurance companies would not possibly be interested in this. Of course they are going to be interested in this. I have talked to them from my area. They are anxious to see the Government in a responsible, prudent program, for which I believe there is now bipartisan support. They are anxious to see Medicare pick up the prescription drug portion of a senior's private health insurance bill.  With a lot of my colleagues on the Democratic side--and I know Senator Snowe and others on the Republican side want to address this as well--I intend to keep coming to the floor of the Senate and keep reading these letters and describing the circumstances of older people who want to see this Congress enact meaningful relief for prescription drug costs before we adjourn.  Medicare did not cover prescription drugs when it began. Right now, the senior citizen who does not have prescription drug coverage is basically subsidizing other people in this country who do have coverage whose plans are able to negotiate discounts. That is not right. It is not fair.  We can enact meaningful prescription drug coverage under the Medicare program in this session of Congress. Until we do, I and other Democrats are going to keep coming to this floor, reading the accounts of seniors who are facing these staggering prescription drug costs they cannot afford.  I intend to keep working with Senator Snowe and Senator Kennedy, and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, so the legacy of this session of the Congress can be that we stood up for a fair shake for the millions of vulnerable older Americans and their families.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  