President, I commend our colleague from Michigan for a very important amendment which I think has one central point. Pass the Levin amendment and we will end the legal gymnastics that gun manufacturers have used to dodge their responsibilities. Pass the Levin amendment and the U.S. Senate sends a clear and simple message to these gun manufacturers that have played games with bankruptcy. Our message is the game is over. There is absolutely no reason to allow fraudulent activity by gun manufacturers to go without sanction. I am very troubled as I read through the history of what my colleagues have talked about--the Senator from Illinois and the Senator from Massachusetts-- what it says about the nature of this debate. There are gun manufacturers who are actually bragging that they are taking advantage of the system when they know they cannot win on the merits.  We have a situation where as we debate the bankruptcy law and talk about making sure it is fair to all sides--good people may have fallen on hard times--and at the same time sensitive to the needs of business and others who otherwise wouldn't be able to get the funds they need that are so central in a marketplace kind of system, all of those people, it seems to me, end up without the treatment they deserve. They are, in effect, put in an unfavorable light when, in fact, the gun manufacturers are given a free ride.  Let us make sure that everybody is treated fairly--small businesses that have these claims, and many people we are seeing who have fallen on hard times and need a fresh start. But let us not send the worst possible message, which is that if you engage in the kind of reprehensible conduct my colleagues have documented, in effect, you will get a free ride if you are a gun manufacturer.  It is important to vote for this bankruptcy legislation. I voted for it last year, as did 96 of my colleagues. It is important to ensure that we have fairness for all parties.  Unless the Levin amendment is adopted, it seems to me that we allow a continuation of these legal gymnastics that are being practiced by gun manufacturers. That is wrong.  I urge my colleagues to support the Levin amendment.  