President, the conference agreement on digital signatures that is going to be overwhelmingly approved tomorrow morning may be the big sleeper of this Congress, but it certainly was not the ``big easy.''  The fact of the matter is, when we started on this in March of 1999, Senator Abraham and I envisioned a fairly simple interim bill. We were looking at electronic signatures to make sure that in the online world, when you sent an electronic signature, it would carry the same legal weight as a ``John Hancock'' in the offline world.  But as we prepared--after this passed the Commerce Committee--to move forward with a pretty innocuous bill, the financial services and insurance industries came to us with what we thought was a very important and thoughtful concept; and that was to revolutionize e-commerce, to go beyond establishing the legal validity of e-signatures to include electronic records, keeping important records electronically. We were told by industry--and correctly so--that this would give America a chance to save billions and billions of dollars and thousands ofhours, as our companies chose to spend their funds on matters other than paper recordkeeping.  At the same time, the consumer groups that sought this proposal were extremely frightened. They saw this as an opportunity for unscrupulous individuals to come on in and rip off senior citizens, to foreclose on people's homes, to cut off health insurance, and things of that nature, by just perhaps an e-mail into cyberspace.  Chairman McCain is here. This is truly a bipartisan effort in every respect. I had a chance to work with my senior colleagues on this side, Senator Leahy, Senator Hollings, Senator Sarbanes, and our friend Senator Kerry, who is here. And let me tell you, it ultimately took three Senate committees 8 months and thousands of hours to get it done. We had to bring together key principles of what is known as the old economy, such as consumer protection and informed consent, and fuse them together with the principles of the new economy and the online world, and the chance to save time and money through electronic records and electronic signatures.  What we tried to say, on this side of the aisle, and what we were able to get a bipartisan agreement around, is the proposition that consumer rights are not virtual rights. We have to make sure--and we have it in this legislation--that the protections that apply offline would apply online. We were able to do it without enduring all kinds of unnecessary redtape and bureaucracy. I wanted the bill to unleash the potential of electronic signatures and records for industry without shattering a cornerstone of American commerce: the right of individual consumers to have meaningful and informed consent and to keep accurate records of their contracts and transactions.  I believe the conference agreement before the Senate has met the challenge of protecting consumer rights in the new economy.  Consumer rights are not virtual rights. Consumers must enjoy the same basic rights in the online world as they have in the off-line world. Through the electronic consumer consent provision in Section 101(c) that I authored with Senators Leahy, Hollings and Sarbanes, I believe we have adequately translated offline consumer protections into online consumer protections.  Let me just spend a minute describing this key provision of the conference agreement. This provision requires that consumer consent must be meaningful. We all know of cases where someone said, ``Just e-mail me that document,'' only to have that person call later, saying ``Gee, I couldn't open the document, can you fax it to me?'' I can't recall how many times this exact thing happened to our own staff during the negotiation of this agreement.  Meaningful consumer consent doesn't mean being given a pageful of hardware and software specification gobbledygook. It means consenting electronically so that a consumer knows he or she can receive, read and retain the information in an electronic record.  Section 101(c) provides that if a statute, regulation or other rule of law requires that information relating to a transaction be provided or made available to a consumer in writing, the vendor can use electronic means if the consumer, prior to consenting, has been given a clear and conspicuous statement of his or her rights. The consumer must be informed of the option of getting the record on paper, and what the consequences are if he or she later withdraws the electronic consent in favor of returning to paper records. Some vendors, for example, may be able to achieve considerable savings by using electronic records, and offer customers a much more attractive price for doing business online rather than through traditional paper and snail mail. But a vendor might not want to be locked into a lower price if the buyer reverts to paper later in the life of the contract. This provision will assure a consumer will be informed up front of any change in the cost if the consumer withdraws consent to receive records electronically subsequent to consummation of the contract. This could happen, for instance, if a consumer finds he cannot access the documents electronically, or the vendor chooses to upgrade his software and the consumer does not want to go to the expense of upgrading his system to accommodate the change.  The consumer must also be informed of the hardware and software necessary to access and retain records electronically, how to withdraw electronic consent, how to update information needed to contact the consumer electronically, the categories of records that will be provided or made available electronically, how a consumer may request a paper copy of an electronic record and whether a fee will be charged for such copy. If a vendor changes the electronic system used to obtain the original consent electronically, the vendor must obtain the consent electronically again using the new system and the same two-way consent process.  Most importantly, the consumer must consent electronically or confirm his or her consent electronically in a manner that reasonably demonstrates that the consumer can access the information in the electronic form that will be used to provide the information. This is critical. ``Reasonably demonstrates'' means just that. It means the consumer can prove his or her ability to access the electronic information that will be provided. It means the consumer, in response to an electronic vendor enquiry, actually opens an attached document sent electronically by the vendor and confirms that ability in an e-mail response.  It means there is a two-way street. It is not sufficient for the vendor to tell the consumer what type of computer or software he or she needs. It is not sufficient for the consumer merely to tell the vendor in an e-mail that he or she can access the information in the specified formats. There must be meaningful two-way communication electronically between the vendor and consumer.  At the heart of these provisions is the concern--shared by many in the industry as well--that electronic communication, e-mail, is not as reliable or as ubiquitous as traditional first class mail. Until advances in electronic mail technology eliminate such concerns and until the vast majority of Americans are comfortable using the technology of the New Economy, consent to use electronic records requires special care and attention. Because of such concerns, there are some areas where the use of electronic notice and records are simply not appropriate today. Section 103 of the conference agreement recognizes this by continuing to require paper notice. These areas include shutting off a consumer's utilities, canceling or terminating health insurance or benefits or life insurance benefits, foreclosing on someone's primary residence, recall of a product that risks endangering health or safety and documents required to accompany the transportation or handling of hazardous materials, pesticides, or other toxic or dangerous materials. What happens, for example, if a hazmat truck loaded with toxic waste spills its cargo, endangering a community, and the only notice about the hazardous cargo was posted on the company's website? Is it fair to allow a mortgage lender to foreclosure on someone's home just because their ISP went out of business and they weren't receiving their payment notices electronically? The exceptions we fought for in this section of the conference agreement will protect consumers.  Before paying tribute to those who worked so hard on this bill. I believe it is important to the legislative history to say a brief word about the process. This is necessary because, unfortunately, statements are being made or inserted in the Record and colloquies are being offered that seek to weaken, undermine and even directly contradict the actual words of the text of the Conference Agreement. This appears to come from some quarters that do not share the majority view of those who signed the Conference documents. As one of the principal sponsors of the Senate measures, S. 761, I am compelled to point out that the actual text of the legislation can and should stand on its own.  The negotiations that led to the final legislative document were very difficult and contentious. Because of this, part of the agreement on the final language included a commitment--a sort of ``gentleman's agreement'' if you will--from all the signers of the Conference Agreement not to prepare the normal Statement of Managers that accompanies a Conference document. There is no Statement of Managers forS. 761, and no one should pretend there is. As one of the key managers for the Senate, I can attest that I did not participate in negotiating such a document, not did I acquiesce to one prepared by another party or parties or sign one.  The conference agreement is the product of many, many long days and nights of negotiations. Commerce Committee Chairman McCain, Ranking Democrat Senator Hollings, Senators Leahy and Sarbanes, and Senator Abraham all contributed to this product. The efforts of our distinguished colleagues in the House, Commerce Committee Chairman Bliley and Ranking Democrat John Dingell, were critical in this process. I would also like to recognize some of the key staff and Administration officials who did yeoman work to produce this agreement. In particular, Senator Hollings' Counsel, Mosses Boyd, and his Commerce Committee Staff Director, Kevin Kayes, Senator Leahy's outstanding Judiciary counsel, Julie Katzman, Senator Sarbanes' Banking Staff, Marty Gruenberg and Jonathan Miller. Chairman McCain's very able and patient counsel, Maureen McLaughlin, and Senator Abraham's lead staffer on this bill, Kevin Kolevar. Sarah Rosen-Wartell of the White House staff and Commerce Department General Counsel Andy Pincus also deserve praise for their hard work on this bill.  This conference agreement came perilously close on more than one occasion to running off the rails, but each time the will was found to resume negotiations and try to bring the conference to a close. This is also a tribute to the hard work of a handful of consumer and industry groups who did not want to give up on the process. I urge my colleagues to vote for this agreement, which lays another important cornerstone for electronic commerce.  At the end of the day, this is not a perfect bill. I do not think any of the conferees would argue that it is. But it is a very good bill. It is a very good bill because, as a result of three Senate committees and thousands of hours, we took key principles of what was known as the old economy--consumer protection, informed consent, making sure that the vulnerable, the elderly, and people for whom the home and health care are lifeline concerns--we ensured that they will be protected, while at the same time allowing those in the financial services industry, who came to us with sensible suggestions for saving time and money--by taking records from paper to the electronic world--to have their concerns addressed, while at the same time being true to fundamental values of consumer protection and the fusing together of the new and the old economy. That is what I think makes this legislation so special.  Chairman McCain is here. He and his staff did an extraordinary job, as did Senator Abraham. I cannot say enough good things about four senior Democrats--Senator Leahy, Senator Sarbanes, Senator Hollings, and Senator Kerry--because they helped us champion those consumer protection principles that were so important and helped us get this bill done right.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  