President, I want to cite one example of a blockbuster drug that makes the case for why this amendment is so important. That drug is Taxol, a breakthrough drug used to fight cancer in women. It was originally made from the bark of the Pacific Yew tree. The National Institutes of Health developed this drug which last year produced $1.5 billion in sales for the Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.  Let me repeat that. This was a drug that was developed by the National Institutes of Health. This was not a drug that came about through the genius of the private sector. It was a drug developed at the National Institutes of Health by dedicated scientists who worked hard and were pushing with every ounce of their strength to come up with new products to help women.  I want to outline specifically what they did in this case because it is a very clear illustration of why this amendment is needed. With respect to Taxol, the National Institutes of Health did the initial collection and re-collection of the bark of the Pacific Yew, which is the material from which the drug came. The National Institutes of Health performed all biological screening in both cell culture and animal tumor systems. The NIH did the chemical purification, isolation, and structure identification. The National Institutes of Health did large-scale production from bark collection through the preparation of material for human use. NIH developed and produced suitable intravenous drug formulations. They did the preclinical toxicology, they filed the Investigational New Drug Application, and they sponsored all the activities, including the efforts directed towards total and partial synthesis of the drug.  By the end of the fiscal year of 1992, NIH had invested $32 million. NIH could not manufacture the drug for commercial purposes, so it competitively bid to find a company to manufacture the drug. The Bristol-Myers Squibb Company was able to get exclusive rights to go forward with this pharmaceutical in the marketplace.  Frankly, at hearings I held in 1993, the company really could not specify what they had done at all, other than the preclinical work and research into alternatives.  So I come back to the fundamental proposition: Why is it that a pharmaceutical that was developed by the National Institutes of Health and resulted in $1.5 billion in sales in 1999 for Bristol-Myers Squibb resulted in no return on investment to the American taxpayer? This drug produced an enormous gain for an individual pharmaceutical company, yet the American taxpayer did not share in that gain. We are responsible to the taxpayer to be good financial stewards of their assets--in a sense the taxpayer saw their research walk out the door without adequate compensation for that massive taxpayer investment.  There are other examples of NIH research leading to block buster drugs.  One of those drugs found using NIH research and with more than $1 billion in sales is Prozac. The basic research in the development of Prozac was performed in the 1950s and 1960s by external researchers funded by NIH and researchers in NIH labs. Eli Lilly and Company developed Prozac based on this research.  In 1998, Prozac was third on the list of the top 200 brand-name prescription drugs in terms of units sold. Other drugs that relied on publicly-funded research were also on that list including Imitrex, Mevacor, and Zovirax.  Cisplatin is an anti-cancer drug discovered by a biophysicist at Michigan State University. National Cancer Institute scientists completed the pharmacology, toxicology, formulation, production and clinical trials. Michigan State University then licensed its patent to Bristol-Myers Squibb and the drug is used today to treat several types of cancer.  All of my colleagues have met with constituents suffering from diseases that we are so close to finding cures for. Diabetes and Parkinson's are just two areas that come to mind.  In this day of biomedical breakthroughs, it is important that the taxpayer not only see results of the research, but share in the gain that the multi-national drug companies also receive.  I have come to the floor, I think, now on more than 30 occasions to focus on the need for bipartisanship on this issue. Senator Daschle, in my view, has done yeoman's work, trying to bring people together. I hope we can, as we are seeking to do in this amendment, address these issues in a bipartisan fashion and particularly look to those areas with respect to prescription medicine that are going to be key for the future.  We know that absolutely vital to the health of this country is the research done at the National Institutes of Health. We have had many supporters in this body who have championed the cause of additional funding for NIH. I am especially appreciative of the work done by Senator Mack, for example, Senator Harkin, and Senator Specter. They have been a bipartisan juggernaut, working for additional funding for research at the National Institutes of Health.  We also ought to recognize that when blockbuster drugs get to market as a result of that taxpayer-funded research, we have responsibilities to the taxpayers. We are stewards of their funds. It does not pass the smell test ata townhall meeting to say that if the taxpayers spend vast sums for federally funded research and a company then makes huge profits in the private sector, the taxpayers get no return on that investment.  What we are making clear in this amendment is that Federal research should not be let go cheaply. It is important that taxpayers have a right to receive reimbursement when a blockbuster drug gets to market largely with their funds.  What this does is ensure, in a timely way, that the National Institutes of Health get to the Senate and the relevant committees a specific proposal to ensure, as Congressman Bill Thomas, chairman of the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Health, said recently:       Where taxpayers' money is being spent, there ought to be a      return on that investment.  That is what this amendment does. Because of the Government's increased role in pharmaceutical development, with so many of the breakthrough drugs, particularly the cancer drugs, coming about because the taxpayer has paid for medically significant research, this amendment, in my view, addresses one of the important issues in the health care arena.  I want to wrap up by expressing my appreciation to Senator Specter and Senator Harkin. If this amendment is adopted, I believe early next year we will have a specific game plan, a roadmap to ensure that taxpayers' interests are protected when they have done the heavy lifting in pharmaceutical development while, at the same time, having been fair to the entrepreneurs and pharmaceutical firms and others that work in this area.  I hope this amendment will be accepted by the majority and the minority.  I yield the floor.  