President, before the Senator from Massachusetts leaves the floor, I want to make clear that, in all the years of Senator Kennedy's championing the cause of civil rights, we have looked to him for his leadership. I believe this is a particularly important cause he champions today at a particularly important time. I hope my colleagues will reflect carefully on what Senator Kennedy has said today. He will be leading us in the debate on this issue next week. I am honored to be working with him.  As Senator Kennedy said so eloquently, this is about one proposition and one proposition alone, and that is we are seeking to deter violent crime borne out of prejudice and hatred. So often we hear discussions about preferences for individuals, advantages that might in some way be bestowed with respect to civil rights statutes. That is not what this legislation does at all.  This legislation is about deterring violence, deterring crime, deterring these extraordinary acts of violence that, in my view, stain our national greatness. We are not going to be able to remove that stain completely. We are not going to be able to stop individuals from having hateful and prejudicial thoughts. Clearly, we can put the Federal Government in a position to be a stronger, more effective partner with local law enforcement officials in fighting this scourge that has affected so many of our communities.  This is not a time for further study. This is not a time to say the Federal Government's response should only be to collect statistics. This is a time for the Federal Government to work in partnership with State and local law enforcement officials so that we have the strongest, most effective, most coherent mobilization against these acts of violence and prejudice that we possibly can muster.  Our bipartisan amendment, led by Senator Kennedy, does three things: It removes the restrictions on the types of situations in which the Justice Department can prosecute defendants for violent crimes based on race, color, religion, or national origin.  Second, it will assure that crimes targeted against victims because of disability, gender, or sexual orientation that cause death or bodily injury can be prosecuted if there is a sufficient connection to interstate commerce.  Third, it requires the Attorney General to certify in writing that he or she has reasonable cause to believe that the crime was motivated by bias and that, in fact, the Federal Government had been in close consultation with State and local law enforcement officials and that they did not have any objection to Federal help or that they had asked for Federal assistance.  This is not a question of the Federal Government coming in and saying: We are going to call all the shots, and preempt the local jurisdictions. In fact, we want to support those local jurisdictions. We have 28 States in this country that have no authority to prosecute bias-motivated crimes based on disability or sexual orientation. We have a substantial number of States in this country that lack the legal authority to address these issues that are so important to the fundamental values of this country.  We are not saying that every single crime in America is a hate crime. We certainly know that all crimes are tragic, and we grieve for the families, but not all crimes are based on hate. A hate crime is one where the perpetrator intentionally chooses the victim because of who the victim is. It is our view that a hate crime affects not only the victim, but if it goes unaddressed, it cheapens all of us. It makes our country a little bit less special because it demeans an entire community, it demeans all of us in our Nation.  This is not providing special protection to certain groups. It makes sure we stand up for the rights of those individuals who are singled out solely for reasons borne out of hatred and prejudice and we not allow those in our country who do wish to harm these individuals to perpetrate these brutal acts with no response from our communities.  Some argue that hate crime laws threaten free speech. In the law we are hoping the Senate will adopt, it does not punish beliefs or thoughts. We are not punishing those in this legislation; we are punishing violent acts. I know of no Member of the Senate who is pro-violence. I do not think there is a single Member of the Senate who wants to be on the cause or in support of violent acts. Here we draw the line in the sand and we say we are not going to get in the way of people's thoughts and beliefs, lawful expression of one's deeply held religious views, but we are saying that causing or attempting to cause bodily injury is not speech protected by the first amendment.  I am very hopeful that in the next few days the Senate will support this legislation. We are not federalizing criminal activity that is better left to the States. I mentioned the fact that so many States in our country lack these laws, and we have gone beyond the time to just study this and collect further statistics. If one looks at what happened in the brutal instance of Matthew Shepard and the horrific murder of James Byrd, Jr., it is awfully hard to say as you look at those brutal acts: We ought to study things a little bit more and collect some statistics before the Federal Government, in effect, acts to be a better partner with State and local authorities in addressing these issues.  It is time to correct the deficiencies in current law. A crime motivated by race, religion, or ethnic origin can be prosecuted by Federal authorities because it occurred on a public sidewalk but not if it took place in a private parking lot across the street. This is just one example of the gaps and the deficiencies in the current hate crimes statute.  When we vote on this issue, there will be support from Senators on both sides of the aisle. I commend my friend and colleague from Oregon, Senator Gordon Smith, who has stood with me again and again on this issue.  When we vote on this, it seems to me, this will be nothing short of a referendum in the Senate on whether this body is going to continue to tolerate violent acts born of prejudice.  As I mentioned, I do not know of any Senator who is in favor of violence. Violent acts, born of prejudice--acts that we all know are wrong--are taking place in too many communities in our country. They are a stain on our national greatness.  The evidence is in, and it is clear. It is time, through Federal legislation, to send a strong and unequivocal message that we will not look the other way in the face of these crimes, that they will not be tolerated, that the full force of Federal law enforcement will be brought, and will be brought in conjunction with State and local authorities, to ensure that these violent acts are prosecuted and we have taken every step to deter them.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  