President, for some time now the Senate has been debating, somewhat interchangeably, two issues; one involves protection for roadless areas and the other involves the important issue of fire prevention.  I would like to take just a minute or 2 to discuss each one of these so that it is clear where we are with respect to this debate.  The original amendment offered by the senior Senator from Idaho, Mr. Craig, my longtime colleague on the Forestry Subcommittee, would have, in effect, presented the Senate with a referendum on the President's roadless proposal, a major environmental initiative, certainly supported by millions of Americans. There have been more than 180 public meetings on this roadless initiative, and more than 500,000 comments. This is certainly the centerpiece of the President's environmental agenda.  So had we been presented here in the Senate with an up-or-down vote on this roadless proposal, despite my friendship with the Senator from Idaho, I would have had to oppose that original amendment strongly. To me, the President's proposal on roadless areas makes sense for one reason: Protecting additional unspoiled areas can produce gains for fish runs across this country, as well as improving habitat and watershed quality. These environmental gains outweigh the benefits of commercial development on these particular lands.  A lawsuit is pending in Federal court concerning the FACA issue as related to the roadless initiative. Certainly Congress should allow the judicial process to operate without interference.  Several of my colleagues have noted that oral arguments are going to be heard on August 7 in that lawsuit. There will be plenty of time for the Senate to act with respect to any issues involving the Federal Advisory Committee. But I say, as the ranking Democrat on the Forestry Subcommittee, I think it would be a great mistake for the Senate to, in effect, ashcan the President's roadless area proposal. Fortunately, the Senate is not going to be asked to vote up or down on that issue today.  I have, for some time, along with a number of other colleagues, pursued an effort to modernize our policy with respect to both road and roadless areas. There is much that we can do that protects both habitat and also resource-dependent communities. But to have had a referendum on the President's roadless area proposal today, with a lawsuit pending, and with millions of Americans in support of that proposal, would have been, in my view, a very serious mistake.  Now we are presented with a substitute proposal, initiated by the two Senators from New Mexico, involving fire prevention. At this point, we are talking about something very different than the original Craig proposal. We are talking about an effort to protect homes and businesses, and, by the way, habitat as well.  I want it understood for the record that this amendment is not going to affect the completion of the roadless area initiative. That is why I am pleased to be able to say that I intend to support this fire prevention initiative. Again, this new amendment does not affect the roadless area proposal.  With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.  