President, I will pick up briefly on the point made by the distinguished Senator from Illinois about moving forward with an agenda that meets the needs of the American people.  When we started this budget markup, the Senator from Texas, Mr. Gramm, said the Senate ought to stand pat on the budget until after the election. In spite of the pressing health and education concerns of the American people, the concerns we will try to address on this floor this week, Senator Gramm said we ought to stand pat; we should not take any significant steps with regard to action on many of these important issues in the health and education area.  I come to the floor this morning to say I am not prepared, and I think my colleagues are not prepared, to say to the millions of older people in this country and their families that we are going to stand pat given the huge problem they are facing with their prescription drug costs. I have come to the floor of the Senate more than 20 times in the last few months to talk about the older people who are supposed to take three pills a day and are taking only two; they are breaking up their anticholesterol capsules because they cannot afford the medicine. I am of the view this Nation can no longer afford to deny prescription drug coverage to the Nation's older people.  In my home State, we have older people being hospitalized in order to get prescription drug coverage because Part A of Medicare will pick up those bills and Part B, the outpatient part of the program, will not cover them. There has to be a sense of urgency about this important issue of prescription drug coverage for older people. I feel the same way, frankly, about education.  That is what we tried to do in the budget resolution. The chairman of the committee made a comment earlier with which I agree completely, questioning whether there could be comprehensive reform of the Medicare program this session. That is right. We ought to have comprehensive reform.  In the Budget Committee, at least as a beginning for significant reform, we said it is urgent to act this year. There is language that stipulates if the Finance Committee doesn't move on this issue by the fall, it is possible for any Member of the Senate to come to this floor and have the issue dealt with directly. We locked in the money to do the job right, $40 billion, which, by the way, is tied to reform of the program. We have language that talks about using marketplace principles and competitive purchasing techniques. It is a chance to finally get justice for older people and their families.  Medicare started off as half a loaf. It didn't cover prescription drugs in 1965. The big buyers--the health plans and HMO plans, the managed care plans--negotiate discounts. Democrats are having folks come to our townhall meetings, those people who are without prescription drug coverage--and only about a third of the older people do have good prescription drug coverage now. Those people in effect are subsidizing the big buyers. They are subsidizing the people in those health plans and the managed care organizations.  I think it is time to bring the revolution in private sector health care to the Medicare program. If we can get the anticoagulant drugs covered, which we want to do on this side of the aisle, we might spend $1,000 a year to help an older person with medicine but we will save $100,000 by being able to prevent the stroke an older person might otherwise incur.  We will try to convey a sense of urgency about this issue. I hope we will be able to get additional colleagues from the other side of the aisle to join. I particularly commend Senator Snowe and Senator Smith because they share our sense of urgency. They share our view we cannot just stand pat on this issue, as Senator Gramm talked about in the Budget Committee. This country has now made it clear they want the Congress to act on this issue, and they want Congress to act now. They don't want it put off until after the election. We are going to try to convey that during this week's budget debate.  I yield the floor.  