President, I am pleased this morning that the Senate thus far is functioning the way it should when it comes to new controversial matters such as my State's physician-assisted suicide law. I have been forced to filibuster the tax bill since late last week because at that time there was an effort to stuff the Nickles legislation into that package in the dead of night. This legislation troubles me greatly because I believe it will cause unnecessary suffering for patients in every corner of the country. It involves law enforcement--specifically, the Drug Enforcement Administration--in a process that is so sensitive with respect to helping patients who are suffering around our country.  This legislation has never been marked up by the committee of jurisdiction in the Senate. It has never been open to amendment by the Senate. It has not cleared even one of the traditional hurdles to which important legislation is subjected when it is introduced in the Senate.  This is legislation that has over 50 leading health organizations, including the American Cancer Society, stating that it is going to hurt pain care for the dying. It is also fair to say that the senior Senator from Oklahoma, Mr. Nickles, has a number of organizations that support his efforts. When we havea number of organizations, respected organizations, that disagree about a very sensitive, totally new issue before the Congress, the Senate certainly should move carefully to evaluate the consequences of its actions.  I spoke with the President of the United States about this matter twice on Monday. I was pleased to read the comments of the President expressing concern about the bill's impact on pain care and on physicians. I am absolutely convinced that if this legislation were to become law, there would be many health care providers in this country who are opposed to physician-assisted suicide, as I am, who would be very fearful about treating pain aggressively because the Nickles legislation criminalizes decisions with respect to pain management.  The people of Oregon, who have a ballot in their hand such as this one right now, want to know that this ballot really counts. The people of Oregon, in coffee shops and beauty parlors all over the State, when they are considering how to vote right now, are asking themselves: Does this ballot really count? When we vote on a matter that is critical to us, particularly on a measure that has historically been left to the States, we want to make sure that people 3,000 miles away won't substitute their personal moral and religious beliefs for ours on a matter that has historically been left to us to decide.  I can tell the people of Oregon now that their vote still counts. As of today, whether you vote for my party or the party of Senator Nickles, it doesn't matter. This ballot, as of this morning in the State of Oregon, still counts, regardless of whether you are a Democrat or a Republican, a Liberal, a Conservative, Independent. Regardless of your political persuasion, as of now in the State of Oregon, this ballot still counts.  Your vote is important. I hope folks at home exercise that right. Their vote still means something. I am going to do my best to see that it continues to count when Congress reconvenes after the election.  I yield the floor.  