President, I rise today to introduce the Little Sandy Watershed Protection Act.  I promised Oregonians that my first legislative business when Congress reconvened after the Memorial Day Recess would be the introduction of this bill.  Therefore, joined by my friends Senator Gordon Smith and Congressman Earl Blumenauer, I introduce this legislation to make sure that Portland families can go to their kitchen faucets and get a glass of safe and pure drinking water today, tomorrow, and on, into the 21st century.  The Bull Run has been the primary source of water for Portland since 1895. The Bull Run Watershed Management Unit, Mount Hood National Forest, was protected by Congressional action in 1904, 1977 and then again, most recently, in 1996 (P.L. 95-200, 16, U.S.C. 482b note) because it was recognized as Portland's primary municipal water supply. It still is.  Today I propose to finish the job of the Oregon Resources and Conservation Act of 1996. That law, which I worked on with Senator Mark Hatfield, finally provided full protection to the Bull Run watershed, but only provided temporary protection for the adjacent Little Sandy watershed. I promised in 1996 that I would return to finish the job of protecting Portland's drinking water supply and intend to continue to push this legislation until the job is complete.  The bill I introduce today expands the Bull Run Watershed Management Unit boundary from approximately 95,382 acres to approximately 98,272 acres by adding the southern portion of the Little Sandy River watershed, an increase of approximately 2,890 acres.  The protection this bill offers will not only assure clean drinking water, but also increase the potential for fish recovery. Reclaiming suitable habitat for our region's threatened fish populations must be an all-out effort.Through the cooperation of Portland General Electric and the City of Portland, the Little Sandy can be an important part of that effort.  My belief is that the children of the 21st century deserve water that is as safe and pure as any that the Oregon pioneers found in the 19th century. This legislation will go a long way toward bringing about that vision.  