Speaker, I yield myself 6 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, this bill, the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act of 2002, would prohibit the gruesome procedure of partial-birth abortion that unfortunately we are now all too familiarwith. An abortionist who violates this ban will be subject to fines, a maximum of 2 years imprisonment, or both. This bill includes an exception for those situations in which a partial-birth abortion is deemed necessary to save the life of the mother.  A moral, medical, and ethical consensus exists that partial-birth abortion is an unsafe and inhumane procedure that is never medically necessary and which should be prohibited. Contrary to the claims of partial-birth abortion advocates, this type of abortion remains an untested, unproven, and potentially dangerous procedure that has never been embraced by the medical profession.  As a result, Congress has voted to ban partial-birth abortion during the 104th, 105th, and 106th Congresses, and at least 27 states enacted bans on the procedure. Unfortunately the two Federal bans that reached President Clinton's desk were promptly vetoed.  In June 2000, the Supreme Court struck down Nebraska's partial-birth abortion ban, which was similar but not identical to bans previously passed by the Congress. The Court concluded that Nebraska's ban did not clearly distinguish the prohibited procedure from other more commonly performed second trimester abortion procedures. The Court also held, on the basis of the highly disputed factual findings of the district court, that the law was required to include an exception for partial-birth abortions deemed necessary to preserve the health of a woman.  This bill has a new definition of partial-birth abortion. It addresses the Court's first concern by clearly and unambiguously defining the prohibited procedure. It also addresses the Court's second objection to the Nebraska law by including extensive congressional findings based upon medical evidence received in a series of legislative hearings that, contrary to the factual findings of the district court in Stenberg, partial-birth abortion is never necessary, never medically necessary to preserve a woman's health, poses serious risks to a woman's health, and is in fact below the requisite standard of medical care.  The bill's lack of a health exception is based upon Congress's factual determination that partial-birth abortion is a dangerous procedure that does not serve the health of any woman. The Supreme Court has a long history, particularly in the area of civil rights, of deferring to Congress's factual conclusions. In doing so, the Court has recognized that Congress's institutional structure makes it far better suited than the judiciary to assess facts upon which it will make policy determinations. As Chief Justice Rehnquist has stated, the Court must be ``particularly careful not to substitute its judgment of what is desirable for that of Congress or its own evaluation of evidence for a reasonable evaluation by the Legislative Branch.'' Thus in Katzenback v. Morgan, while addressing section 4(e) of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the Court deferred to Congress's factual determination that section 4(e) would assist the Puerto Rican community in ``gaining nondiscriminatory treatment in public.''  Similarly, in Fullilove v. Klutznick, when reviewing the minority business enterprise provision of the Public Works Employment Act of 1977, the Court repeatedly cited and deferred to the legislative record and factual conclusions of Congress to uphold the provisions as an appropriate exercise of congressional authority. Based upon the Supreme Court precedent and separation of powers principles, I am confident that H.R. 4965 will withstand judicial scrutiny.  Mr. Speaker, it also is important for this body to understand that in addition to the health risk to women who undergo the partial-birth abortion procedure, it is particularly brutal and inhumane to the nearly-born. Virtually all of the infants upon whom this procedure is performed are alive and feel excruciating pain.  A child upon whom a partial-birth abortion is being performed is not significantly affected by the medication administered to the mother during the performance of the procedure. As creditable testimony received by the Subcommittee on the Constitution confirms, current methods for providing maternal anesthesia during partial-birth abortions are unlikely to prevent the experience of pain and stress that the child will feel during the procedure. Thus, claims that a child is almost certain to be either dead or unconscious and near death prior to the commencement of the partial-birth procedure are unsubstantiated.  H.R. 4965 enjoys overwhelming support from Members of both parties, precisely because of the barbaric nature of the procedure and the dangers it poses to women who undergo it. Additionally, the American Medical Association has recognized that partial-birth abortions are either ethically different from other destructive abortion techniques because the fetus, normally 20 weeks or longer in gestation, is killed out of the woman. Thus, partial birth gives the fetus an autonomy which separates it from the right of the woman to choose treatments for her own body.  Implicitly approving such a brutal and unjustifiable procedure by choosing not to prohibit it will further coarsen society to humanity of all vulnerable and innocent human life. Thus, Congress has a compelling interest in acting to prohibit this procedure.  