Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I have a lengthy statement which I plan on putting in theRecord, as it is important to this conference report. I know that the Members wish to make plans so that they can get out of here before the last plane leaves, and I would hope that everybody who seeks time will speed it up so that the Members will be accommodated.  This conference report represents the first Department of Justice authorization that will be signed into law since 1979. The Department has gone for 23 years without an authorization. This legislation will help the Congress to do better oversight over the Department of Justice and will allow the Department of Justice to do better oversight over itself through improvements in the Inspector General's Office.  There are a number of additional judgeships that have been created, largely in the southwestern part of the country, to handle cases that arise from problems along the border. There is an improvement in how the Department administers its grant programs through the Office of Justice programs; and I think probably most importantly, the improvements in the juvenile justice system at the Federal level, jointly within the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Education and the Workforce, at long last, will be finding its way into law.  All of the conferees signed this legislation. It has significant bipartisan support. I would commend it to the Members' favorable vote.  Mr. Speaker, over the last two decades, there have been several unsuccessful attempts by the Committees on the Judiciary of both Houses of Congress to authorize the Department of Justice. If enacted, H.R. 2215 represents the first such authorization of the Department in nearly a quarter century. It reflects the broad bipartisan support of both Houses, and was signed by all of those appointed to the Conference. While some might argue that congressional authorization of federal departments within its jurisdiction is a mere formality, the authorization of executive agencies fulfills Congress' fundamental constitutional obligation to maintain an active and continuing role in organizing the priorities and overseeing the operation of the executive branch. This process also ensures that the authorizing committees' institutional knowledge about the federal agencies they oversee can be imparted in the course of regulation reauthorization.  The Department of Justice is one of the most important agencies in the Federal Government and the world's premier law enforcement organization. With an annual budget exceeding 20 billion dollars and a workforce of over 100,000 employees, the Department of Justice is an institution whose mission and values reflect the American people's staunch commitment to fairness and justice.  The importance of the Department of Justice has only increased since the tragic events of September 11th, 2001. Last year, I was pleased to introduce and lead congressional passage of the PATRIOT Act, which has strengthened America's security by providing law enforcement with a range of tools to fight and win the war against terrorism.  As Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I have continued to help provide the Department with the legislative resources to carry out its crucial mandate. At the same time, I have worked to ensure that the Department's structure, management, and priorities are tailored to best promote the purposes for which it was established.  The 21st Century Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act advances this important goal. The title of this measure reflects its broad and ambitious sweep: to focus the priorities of the Department to tackle the challenges of the 21st century. At the same time, its title alone does not fully capture the several individual legislative initiatives contained in its text. Many of these initiatives were reported by the House Judiciary Committee and passed the House of Representatives, only to be diverted from the President's desk by the delay and inaction of the other body.  H.R. 2215 fully authorizes the appropriations requested by the President for fiscal years 2002 and 2003. It strengthens oversight of the Department of Justice by bolstering the authority of the Department's Inspector General. It also mandates that one senior official in the Inspector General's office be dedicated to the oversight of the FBI. It also requires the Inspector General to submit an FBI oversight plan to Congress within 30 days of enactment.  It also directs the Department to submit a report detailing the operation of the Office of Justice programs, requires the submission of information concerning litigation activities at the Department, and protects civil liberties by requiring the submission of a report on the Department's use of the electronic surveillance system formerly known as ``Project Carnivore.''  H.R. 2215 strengthens the statutory authority of the Attorney General to conduct his official responsibilities, enhances the administration of justice by incorporating long-needed judicial improvements and strengthens judicial disciplinary procedures. It also creates additional judgeships to address the chronic overburdening of America's federal courts, particularly in border states such as Texas, California, and New Mexico, as well as Florida, Nevada, and Alabama.  H.R. 2215 also ensures effective market competition by making important improvements to federal antitrust statues, and establishes a Commission to review the adequacy of existing antitrust laws. It promotes America's economic competitiveness by strengthening protections for intellectual property, modernizing the application process at the Patent and Trademark Office, and ensuring that holders of U.S. trademarks are accorded the full protection of international law.  In addition, H.R. 2215 strengthens the integrity of the criminal justice system in several ways. It increases penalties for those who tamper with federal witnesse4s or harm federal judges and law enforcement personnel, authorizes danger pay for federal agents in harm's way overseas, and contains important provisions to reduce illegal drug use. The Report also makes important refinements to address INS administrative processing delays faced by legal immigrants.  Of critical importance, this legislation contains a sweeping and ambitious program to protect at-risk kids. It provides continued support for Boys and Girls Clubs, enhances juvenile criminal accountability, and provides states with block grants to curb youth crime. It represents comprehensive bipartisan legislation the House Committees on Judiciary and Education and Workforce have been working on for several years, and I am proud of its inclusion in the Conference Report. Finally, this bill promotes continued support for federal, state, and local coordination of preparedness against terrorist attacks.  Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that the American people will not have to wait another 23 years for this body to again reauthorize the Department of Justice. Rather, I hope that passage of H.R. 2215 will lead to a period of reinvigorated congressional oversight of the executive branch. Working in concert to identify solutions to the growing challenges faced by federal law enforcement, Congress and The Administration will better provide for the safety and security of American people. H.R. 2215 makes a critical, long-overdue step in this direction, and I urge your support.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  