Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, Senate 2690 would amend section 4 of title 4 of the U.S. Code to reaffirm the text of the Pledge of Allegiance, including the phrase, ``one Nation under God,'' and section 302 of title 36 to reaffirm the text of the national motto, ``In God we trust.''  It is an accepted legal principle that government acknowledgment of the religious heritage of the United States is consistent with the meaning of the establishment clause of the first amendment. The U.S. Supreme Court has repeatedly affirmed this principle in its rulings.  Yet, on June 26, 2002, a three-member panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit held unconstitutional, in Newdow v. U.S. Congress, a California school district's policy and practice of teacher-led voluntarily recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance, concluding that the use of the phrase ``one Nation under God'' violates the establishment clause of the first amendment.  The Newdow ruling is troubling because its analysis to reflect a belief that any religious reference presents an inherent danger to individuals who hear it, the result of which would be the banishment of all such references from the public arena. Clearly, this is inconsistent with any reasonable interpretation of the establishment clause of the first amendment. Thus, it has become necessary for Congress to reaffirm its understanding that the text of both the Pledge and our national motto are legally and historically consistent with a reasonable interpretation of the first amendment.  Immediately following the Newdow ruling, on June 27, 2002, the House of Representatives passed House Resolution 459, which I introduced, expressing the sense of the House that the Newdow case was erroneously decided by the Ninth Circuit and that the court should agree to rehear the ruling en banc. H. Res. 459 passed the House of Representatives by a 416-3 vote.  By passing Senate 2690, the House will join the Senate in reaffirming its commitment to our Nation's pledge and motto and also reaffirm that the myriad of ways in which Federal, State and local governments acknowledge America's religious heritage and its consistency with both historical practice and legal precedent.  I urge Members to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  