Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding the time to me, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, the manager's amendment, which already has been adopted by the committee, was drafted with bipartisan cooperation by the chairman and ranking members of the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Government Reform.  This amendment authorizes the Attorney General to create a demonstration project to test a new employee discipline model. The demonstration project will provide the Attorney General with much flexibility in crafting the most appropriate, effective, and fair method in disciplining a wide range of employees handling immigration functions.  The demonstration project that has already been approved by the committee focuses on problem managers and emphasizes alternative methods of dispute resolution. It calls for an expeditious, fair, and independent review of disciplinary actions, and it protects the settled expectations of collective bargaining agreements while permitting union members to opt out of the project.  We should give the Attorney General the chance to utilize the demonstration project. If it becomes apparent that the project is not working as expected, and that placing immigration-related employees in the excepted service would be beneficial, I would be the first to support legislation doing so, but now is not the time to do it.  The gentleman from California (Mr. Issa) is absolutely correct in emphasizing the importance of having employees of the FBI, the CIA, and the excepted service. However, these agenciesare different types of organizations than the INS. The Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services created by this bill will be staffed mostly with clerks and adjudicators. The hiring and discipline rules followed by the competitive service might be most appropriate for these employees.  In any event, the question of placing all immigration employees in the excepted service merits extensive investigation before it is done. A change as radical as this, by placing them in the excepted service, should be carefully considered.  Before introducing this bill, I did extensive investigation and oversight in practically every part of the country where the Immigration Service has a lot of business, including in San Diego, I might add. And some of the most useful information that we have heard today and during the consideration of this bill came from the unionized employees that I insisted upon meeting with, apart from management, to find out what was really going on. If they did not have the protection of the civil service laws, we would not have much of this information.  I have never had employees of the FBI or the CIA or other agencies in the excepted service be as frank and honest with me during the time that I have served in Congress as I have tried to learn how these agencies work.  So keeping them out of the excepted service I think is important, at least in terms of having candor on the part of the employees. That is something that the amendment of the gentleman from New York (Mr. Issa) would take away. I would not have found out about all the problems in San Diego if the employees that met with me were afraid that they would be fired by their district director because they were meeting face to face with me and I came out with information in public on how bad things were.  Finally, I would like to point out that the adoption of this amendment would threaten the incredible bipartisan support that is enjoyed by this bill. I may not, in the end, necessarily agree with those bills' supporters, who could not accept under any circumstances placing immigration employees in the excepted service, but I do not want an ancillary issue like this, where the time is not right for making a decision, and the fact that the Congress does not have all of the data to be able to deal with this in an intelligent way and a fair way and with a full deck of cards, to erode support for this important bill.  I would strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and join with the other members of the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Government Reform in doing so.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  