Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1209, the Child Status Protection Act, is the good work of the Subcommittee on Immigration, Border Security and Claims chairman, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Gekas), and the ranking member, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee.) It passed the House by a vote of 416 to 0 in June of 2001. Today we take up the bill as amended by the Senate.  Aliens residing in the United States who are eligible for permanent resident status may adjust their status with the INS. However, INS processing delays have caused up to a 3-year delay for adjustment. For alien children of U.S. citizens, this delay in processing can have serious consequences, for once they turn 21 years of age they lose their immediate relative status. An unlimited number of immediate relatives of U.S. citizens can receive green cards every year. However, there are a limited number of green cards available for the adult children of citizens.  If a U.S. citizen parent petitions for a green card for a child before the child turns 21 but the INS does not get around to processing the adjustment of status application until after the child turns 21, the family is out of luck. The child goes to the end of the long waiting list. The child is being punished because of INS ineptitude, which we have heard much about, and it is not right. H.R. 1209 corrects this outcome by providing that a child shall remain eligible for immediate relative status as long as an immigrant visa petition was filed for him or her before turning age 21.  The Senate passed H.R. 1209 with a few appropriate additions, and the motion today is to concur in those additions. The Senate bill addresses three other situations where alien children lose immigration benefits by ``aging out'' as a result of INS processing delays.  Case number one: Children of permanent residents. Under current law, when a child of a permanent resident turns 21, he or she goes from the second preference A waiting list to the second waiting list B waiting list, which is much longer.  Case number two: Children of family and employer-sponsored immigrantsand diversity lottery winners. Under current law, when an alien receives permanent residence as a preference visa recipient or a winner of the diversity lottery, a minor child receives permanent residence at the same time. After the child turns 21, the parent would have to apply for the child to be put on the second preference B waiting list.  Case number three: Children of asylees and refugees. Under current law, when an alien receives asylum or is granted refugee status, a minor child receives permanent residence at the same time as the parent. After the child turns 21, the parent would have to apply for him or her to be put on the second preference B waiting list.  The Senate amendment also fixes a troubling anomaly in our immigration laws. Under current law, when a permanent resident naturalizes who has sponsored adult sons and daughters for preferential visas, they move from the second preference B category to the first preference category. Normally, the wait for a first preference visa is much shorter than the wait for second preference B visa. However, currently this is not the case for sons and daughters of immigrants from the Philippines. For complicated factors, the line actually gets longer for sons and daughters when the parent naturalizes. Immigrants are in effect being penalized for becoming citizens, and we don't want that.  The Senate amendment provides a simple fix by allowing an adult son or daughter to decline to be transferred from the second preference B category to the first preference category when a parent naturalizes.  This bill is a fine example of how we and the other body can work together in a collaborative fashion. Bringing families together is a prime goal of our immigration system. H.R. 1209 facilitates and hastens the reuniting of legal immigrants' families. It is family-friendly legislation that is in keeping with our proud traditions. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  