Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government must be the role model for civil rights, not for civil rights violations. For far too long there has been little accountability which Federal agencies discriminate and retaliate against their employees. I am happy to say that this is about to change with the enactment of the No FEAR bill, a bill that I introduced, together with the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee), and the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella), after a year-long investigation.  That investigation, as well as several General Accounting Office investigations, indicated a serious problem in the Federal Government. The congressional investigation found evidence that a Federal agency was allowing discrimination and retaliation against its employees. This evidence was supported by the GAO reports that investigated discrimination in the Federal workforce during the 1990s and found that complaints of discrimination by Federal agencies grew tremendously.  In fact, by 1999, the number of such complaints to the EEOC increased by almost 130 percent over the number of complaints in 1991. The GAO reported that complaints alleging retaliation against employees who had participated in the complaint process also increased.  The problem in the Federal workforce is threefold. First, because of inadequate notification requirements, many employees are not aware of their rights and many managers are not aware of their responsibilities. Second, Federal agencies and Congress cannot assess the extent of the problem due to inadequate reporting. Third, Federal agencies are not accountable for the misdeeds of their employees, because they simply tap the general Treasury to pay for court judgments and settlements in discrimination cases.  The No FEAR Act targets these 3 problems. The bill will require agencies to pay for all court settlements and judgments for discrimination and retaliation cases, instead of allowing the agency to use a government-wide slush fund. This will make agencies more accountable.  The bill has a notification requirement aimed at improving workforce relations by increasing managers' and employees' knowledge of their respective rights and responsibilities.  The Act also has reporting requirements that will help determine if a pattern of misconduct exists within an agency and whether that agency is taking appropriate action to address the problem. The GAO testified on May 9 that such tracking of complaints, cases, and costs are not occurring, but that it is critical to understanding whether a problem exists.  As the National Taxpayers Union stated in urging Congress to enact the legislation, ``The No FEAR Act promotes the virtues of fiscal responsibility and accountability in government.'' And, as Jack White of Time Magazine stated, the No FEAR bill is the ``first new civil rights law of the 21st century.''  The No FEAR Act passed the House back in October of 2001 with a 420 to zero vote. The Senate, after 6 months, finally passed the bill and sent it back here with a few minor changes to the reporting requirements and 2 new GAO studies.  In closing, Mr. Speaker, this bill never would have happened without the hard work of Dr. Marsha Coleman-Adebayo, the Federal whistleblower who brought this issue to the forefront; Mr. Leroy Warren of the NAACP, and Steven Kohn of the National Whistle Blowers Center.  Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government should be a model of the best practices for a fair and open work environment. That was not the case in the 1990s, but must be the case in the 21st century. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  