Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, this is an important debate. It is an important debate because it puts before Congress and, thus, the American people whether or not there should be a line drawn and whether there should be any meaningful and effective restrictions on abortion.  The partial-birth abortion procedure is barbaric and grotesque, and most medical societies, including those that generally oppose restrictions on physicians being able to practice any type of medicine, have said that there are other types of abortion procedures that would be more proper than a partial-birth abortion.  Let me quote from the committee report. It says, ``The absence of any basis upon which to conclude that partial-birth abortions are safe has not gone unnoticed by the American Medical Association, which has stated that partial-birth abortion is `not an accepted medical practice,' '' not an accepted medical practice, and that ``it has never been subjected to even a minimal amount of the normal medical practice development; that the relative advantages and disadvantages of the procedure and specific circumstances remain unknown.'' The AMA says it is an experimental procedure and that there is no consensus among obstetricians about its use.  The AMA has further noted that ``Partial-birth abortion is broadly disfavored by both medical experts and the public, is ethically wrong,'' and I repeat, is ethically wrong, ``and is never the only appropriate procedure.'' Thus, a select panel convened by the AMA could not find any identified circumstance where the partial-birth abortion was the only appropriate alternative.  So, if my colleagues want to do away with partial-birth abortions but are talking about a woman's right to choose, there are other alternatives, according to the AMA.  Now, I grant that the AMA does not support the criminal sanctions that are contained in this bill against physicians who perform partial-birth abortions in violation of the law, but they still condemn the partial-birth abortion procedure in their statements that they issued several years ago when Congress first took this issue up.  The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, which is an organization that has consistently opposed legal restrictions on abortions,including the partial-birth abortion ban, has reported a select panel convened by ACOG could identify no circumstances under which this, meaning the D procedure, would be the only option to save the life or preserve the health of the woman.  Now, former Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, whom I am sure was very strongly supported politically by my colleague from New York, and who never voted for restrictions on abortion during his long and distinguished career in the other body, said that partial-birth abortion is very close to infanticide. I would strike very close. It is infanticide, because the difference between a legal partial-birth abortion and first degree murder is three inches. Three inches. The size of the head, which has not been delivered, where the scissors are inserted into the back of the baby's head and the brains are sucked out. This is what we want to ban. And this, I think, is supported by the vast majority of the American people.  Now, we have also heard a lot from people who are opposed to this legislation; that this always should be something that is in the professional opinion of a physician. Well, many of the physicians whose professional opinion is requested have an inherent conflict of interest because they will charge a fee and make money by saying that this is a proper procedure, even though the vast majority of their colleagues say it is never a proper procedure and other alternatives are available.  Finally, we have heard a lot about the Stenberg decision. This is a different bill than the law from the Nebraska case that was struck down by the Supreme Court. It contains extensive findings by the Congress of the United States, which is our right as a legislative body to make. It is up to the court to determine whether or not the findings that are made by the Congress are valid when it considers the constitutionality of this bill, should it be enacted into law, just like it was in the province of the court to consider the findings of the district court when it struck down the Nebraska law in the Stenberg decision.  The doctrine of separation of powers gives us the right to make those findings. Those findings are all medically supported by the testimony that the Committee on the Judiciary has received since 1995.  I believe this bill is constitutional. I believe this bill is good public policy. But, most importantly, I believe it is our right and our duty to stop this grotesque procedure, which is three inches away from infanticide.  Ms. McCARTHY of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4965, the Late Term Abortion Ban Act. In 2002, the U.S. Supreme Court held, by a 5-4 decision, in Stenberg v. Carhart that a Nebraska law prohibiting later term abortions was unconstitutional. The Court's decision makes clear that federal legislation addressing this issue must include exceptions to protect the life and health of the mother. H.R. 4965 ignores this health exception clearly outlined by the Supreme Court.  I am a cosponsor of House Resolution 2702, the Late Term Abortion Restriction Act. This legislation would prohibit all abortions after fetal viability unless it is in the judgment of the attending physician it is necessary to preserve the life or health of the mother. The Supreme Court concluded in Stenberg v. Carhart that a woman's health must remain the physician's primary concern and that a physician must be given the discretion to determine the best course of treatment to protect women's lives and health. H.R. 2702 will pass constitutional scrutiny. In addition, this measure addresses the termination of viable fetuses in the late stages of pregnancy.  Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that we are debating a bill ruled unconstitutional by the United States Supreme Court. Instead, we should be debating and voting on H.R. 2702, a bipartisan measure to ban all late term abortions except ``to preserve the life of the woman or to avert serious adverse health consequences to the woman.''  Mr. Tiahrt. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4965, the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act. Regardless of whether one is pro-life or for abortion rights, the partial-birth abortion procedure is clearly morally indefensible. While every abortion sadly takes a life, a partial-birth abortion takes a baby's life as he/she emerges from the mother's womb and while the baby is still in the birth canal. My fellow colleagues have described the horrific process with pictures that make one sick to his stomach. It is unfathomable that someone could do this to another human being, especially a helpless baby.  Specialists who perform the partial-birth abortion have testified there is no medically-accepted use for the partial-birth procedure, and that, in fact the procedure itself presents health risks for the mother.  There is talk of including a provision to allow for exceptions when the ``mental health'' of the mother is at risk. This is a phony ban. My home state of Kansas passed such a bill, which has essentially meant that partial-birth abortions are banned unless a woman wants one. I am ashamed to report that in Wichita, the infamous late-term abortionist George Tiller performed 182 partial-birth abortions in 1999 alone under this weak law. That is 182 viable babies who were brutally murdered. We cannot allow that to happen.  Congress has passed a partial-birth abortion ban twice, which President Clinton vetoed both times--over the wishes of the American people. President Bush strongly supports H.R. 4965 and is looking forward to signing a partial-birth abortion ban. 70% of Americans believe that partial-birth abortions should be banned. This body that is expressly the ``people's House'' needs to listen to the will of the people.  As a father of three beautiful children and a strong defender of human life, I am embarrassed that our wonderful country permits partial-birth abortions. I urge you to vote in favor of this important legislation so that all the beautiful children who come into this world are treated as the human beings they are.  