Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I have been listening with great interest to the three speakers on behalf of my bill on the Democratic side of the aisle, and each of them complained about how long the bankruptcy conference has taken. Believe me, as the chairman of that conference, I am even more frustrated than they are because I have to deal with attempting to negotiate out very complex issues.  Mr. Speaker, let me tell the gentleman that we have made Chapter 12 permanent in that bankruptcy conference, and we have made it better for farmers so farmers will get a better deal by having the bankruptcy conference passed and signed into law, not only in Chapter 12, but also on the entire economic effect of bankruptcies on our economy.  In the last several years, bankruptcy courts have written off $44 billion of debt every year, and that amounts to $400 of additional cost of goods and services, in effect, a $400 hidden tax on people all throughout this country who pay their bills as agreed.  I think practically every farm family, let alone every other family in this country, would rather have that $400 in their pocket rather than having to pay more for goods and services because debts have been written off. One of the purposes of the bankruptcy bill that we have been dealing with has been to drive that $44 billion down so that the hidden tax on every American family would not be as great as $400 a year.  Last February I sent an offer to the Senate conferees. They rejected it. They never came back with their own offer; and I have called a meeting of the bankruptcy conference for Tuesday, April 23, 2002. I would like to ask the three Democratic speakers on behalf of Chapter 12 if they would do me a favor, and that is to write the Democratic Senate conferees and ask them to reach an agreement on the bankruptcy bill.  If we reach that agreement, I can assure the gentlemen that we can bring that bill to the floor the end of this month or the first part of next month and beat the farm bill conference to the President's desk.  I regret even having to talk about this because both Houses of Congress did pass bankruptcy reform legislation in the last Congress that included a permanent extension of Chapter 12, and guess what happened? The former President, Mr. Clinton, pocket vetoed the bill. If he had not done so, we would not be talking about this issue at all.  