Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers) for introducing a germane amendment on how to study the impact of this legislation. I think the type of material that the study would put together would be very useful in looking at the types of crimes that have been committed against children.  However, let me say I am a little bit puzzled at the gentleman from Michigan putting this amendment in, because all day yesterday when we were dealing with the class action suit, the gentleman from Michigan and his supporters on the other side of the aisle were saying how overworked our Federal judges are and how the complicated class action legislation that we were discussing yesterday, really more of these cases should be tried in the State court because our Federal judges were overworked.  Well, now we have an amendment that has a mandate on the Federaljudges. Let me read from the amendment to show that the Federal judges are going to have to do more work. It says that ``in each case in which a life sentence is imposed, the judge shall make and transmit to the Administrative Office of the United States Courts findings with regard to each of the following: the applicable range under the sentencing guidelines if the minimum mandatory life sentence had not applied.'' So the judge has to speculate what he would do to sentence the defendant if he were not required to sentence the defendant for life.  ``The race, gender, age and ethnicity of the victim and of the defendant.'' Well, that is fairly obvious from the court records. But then we have to have the reason for the government's decision to prosecute this defendant in Federal court instead of State or tribal court, and then the criteria used by the government to make that decision in this or other cases, and the projected cost to the government of the life sentence, taking into account capital and operating costs associated with the imprisonment.  Now, what this is going to require is it is going to require an additional hearing after the sentence for the court to make these findings, because the government would not be able to make a determination of what this cost would be until the sentence is pronounced, as well as what the alternative would have been and the mandatory life sentence if not applied in this case.  So I would say to the gentleman from Michigan, I think these are very, very useful statistics, and I am prepared to support this amendment; but I am wondering if the gentleman's sympathy for our overworked Federal judges evaporated overnight, and I am happy to yield for an answer.  