Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this bill. There is no overriding national need, no overriding public policy purpose, no overriding crisis that requires the Congress to federalize the regulation of the rent-to-own industry. The rent-to-own industry supports this legislation, and it is understandable why they do so. The fiscal note that is contained in the report of the Committee on the Judiciary says that the Federal Trade Commission intends to hire five new attorneys and investigators to investigate and enforce violations of this bill. That is five people nationwide looking into violations of the rent-to-own provisions that are contained in H.R. 1701.  That makes enforcement a joke. Because if you only have five cops regulating this pugnacious industry nationwide, you know that the law is not going to be enforced. So we are passing a piece of paper here supposedly in the name of consumer protection that the enforcing agency says that they will be able to enforce with just five people in the entire United States of America. I think that blows the cover on this being consumer protection legislation.  Let me tell you what this bill does to the Wisconsin Consumer Act. The Wisconsin Consumer Act by judicial construction has said that a rent-to-own contract is a credit transaction. This bill overrides that definition, and says it is a lease transaction and that eviscerates the enforcement by the Wisconsin attorney general's office of the rent-to-own industry. That is where the preemption is particularly harmful to consumers not only in my State but also in New Jersey, Minnesota, North Carolina, and Vermont.  Let us look at what enforcement has done in the States that have this preemption: $16 million worth of recoveries in Wisconsin, $30 million in Minnesota, and $60 million in New Jersey. So the rent-to-own industry knows that it is going to get a get-out-of-jail-free card should this legislation be passed. Furthermore, the Wisconsin legislature has been lobbied incessantly by this industry to pass an exemption, and they got it in as a budget amendment in this last budget cycle. Republican Governor Scott McCallum vetoed this exemption as being special interest legislation. So opposition to moving these transactions from credit to lease transactions in my State is bipartisan.  We have done a good job in regulating this industry in our State, and I think that has been the case in most of the other States. We should not do away with this. And if a State has lower consumer protections than this bill provides, then I think it is the business of that State legislature to look at their law and see if it is adequate and to make whatever amendments might be necessary. We should not have a Federal preemption even of a small amount in this legislation. I would urge the legislation to be defeated.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  