Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2621, the Consumer Product Protection Act of 2002, would prohibit any person from knowingly stamping, printing, placing, or inserting any writing in or on any consumer product prior to its sale without the consent of the manufacturer, distributor, or retailer of such product.  Under current law, tampering with a product's packaging is not illegal, as long as it does not cause the labeling to be false or misleading or endanger the health or safety of consumers. Consumer protection laws, therefore, fail to address conduct which, although it does not adulterate the actual product or alter its labeling, is still harmful to business and consumers.  Product tampering transforms businesses' desirable products into vehicles for undesirable messages. Businesses should be able to control the messages associated with their products, and persons who interfere with those products and harm the image of their company should be prosecuted.  Recent product tampering cases have shown that adults and children across the country have been subjected to violent, racist, gory, or otherwise offensive materials placed between layers of packaging. Leaflets have been found that attack African Americans, praise the Holocaust, and encourage the killing of immigrants. This legislation will appropriately punish those who knowingly insert these materials into product containers by making it a criminal act.  Just one company, Kraft Foods, estimates that they have received nearly 100 complaints in the last 5 years, but also believe many more cases have gone unreported. The manufacturers have concluded, after investigation, that many of these materials are placed in the packaging once the products have left their control. Often, the products are tampered with while in retail stores or are bought, tampered with, and later returned.  Parents can monitor their children's television shows, the music they listen to, and the books they read; but they cannot be expected to anticipate that offensive materials may be found in a cereal box.  I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  