Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, Xerox, WorldCom, Global Crossing, Enron, and Tyco are among several of the U.S. elite corporations now in Wall Street's Hall of Shame. They have all apparently cooked the books and served their employees with a recipe for disaster with pink slips and lost pension funds.  Enron overstated its profits by over half a billion dollars in 1997. WorldCom admitted that it had hidden a staggering $3.50 billion in losses. Many Americans have been hurt badly by this irresponsible behavior, and tragically, everybody's 401(k) assets have tanked. Employees who receive stock options as part of their income package have lost their life savings, on top of losing their jobs.  Much of these shenanigans appear to have begun in the 1990s, the decade when personal accountability and responsibility became irrelevant. It appears that for some in corporate America, the incentives for fraud and ill-gotten gain outweigh the consequences of getting caught.  Well, maybe the potential penalties for these crimes are just not strong enough. Today, it is our duty to fix that. Mr. Speaker, these few bad actors have not only harmed the employees that depended on them, the public that invested in them, but also the integrity and reputation of all of corporate America, which is the backbone of the greatest economic machine the world has ever seen.  We must return this country to personal accountability and responsibility, and help rebuild America and the world's confidence in our markets. We must crack down on the corporate crooks, and reestablish the honor of the vast majority of men and women in corporate America who are hardworking and honest.  The best way to do that is to punish the corporate wrongdoers, and punish them harshly. The American public needs to know that under this bill, H.R. 5118, the Corporate Fraud Accountability Act of 2002, corporate criminals will do real time, real long time.  If they commit mail or wire fraud in the furtherance of their corporate crimes, which is often how prosecutors nail these criminals, they will face 20 years in jail, not the current 5 years, nor the 10 years called for in the other body's legislation.  In addition, a distinct securities fraud crime is established with a maximum penalty of 25 years in jail. Again, the other body only calls for a 10-year penalty.  Importantly, H.R. 5118 strengthens laws that criminalize document shredding and other forms of obstruction of justice, and provides a maximum penalty of 20 years. The other body calls for just 10 years.  H.R. 5118 also requires top corporate executives to certify that the financial statements of the company fairly and accurately represent the financial condition of the company. Violating this section can subject corporate executives to fines of up to $5 million and up to 20 years in prison. Under the version passed by the other body, the maximum penalty a corporate officer would face is only a $1 million fine and 10 years in prison.  The Corporate Fraud Accountability Act also increases the criminal penalties for those who file false statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission to a maximumpenalty of $5 million and 20 years in prison. If a corporation files a false statement, those fines can increase up to a maximum of $25 million.  The bill passed by the other body does not change the current penalties of a maximum fine of $1 million and 10 years in prison, and corporations would still only face maximum fines of $2.5 million.  By passing this bill today, the House is telling the American people that the law will make CEOs directly responsible for the integrity of their company's financial statements, and face severe financial and criminal penalties for falsifying such statements.  Under this legislation, top executives will not be allowed to pilfer the assets of the company by giving themselves huge bonuses and other extraordinary payments if the company is subject to an SEC investigation. Their pay and benefits are frozen when the investigation starts. Americans will know that corporate officers will no longer be able to misuse the bankruptcy laws to discharge liabilities based upon securities fraud, and the honest brokers of corporate America will know that those who abuse the law and tarnish corporate America's reputation will go to jail for a long, long time.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, this bill creates criminal sanctions against those who retaliate against corporate whistleblowers, similar to witness tampering in another context. The only thing the other body's bill does is provide for more lawsuits, a civil cause of action for the whistleblowers against the retaliators. Under the current bankruptcy law, if the whistleblower wins the civil lawsuit, the retaliator will be able to discharge that judgment in bankruptcy.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5118 is a tough bill that cracks down on the corporate crooks. It goes a long way to protecting the life savings of many Americans by making the price of theft too high.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.  