 It has often been said that those who do not remember history are condemned to repeat it. Today, by passing this resolution, we are showing that we have learned the lessons of World War II and September 11 and that we are committed ourselves to ensuring that those horrors are not repeated.  After World War I, the international community came together to form the League of Nations in order to resolve international conflicts without war. Stiff requirements were placed on Germany to ensure that it could no longer pose a threat to its neighbors; but when Adolph Hitler came to power and began testing the world's resolve, he was only met with appeasement, allowing Hitler to build his military and his territory.  The appeasers of the 1930s were content to receive paper agreements for peace and stability from the German dictator, and when those agreements were shredded by Hitler's words and his actions, the international community refused to enforce its own agreements. Only when Hitler brutally invaded Poland and launched World War II, did the world finally realize his true intentions and take stock of the enormity of the failure of appeasement; and to defeat him, 30 million people died.  After the failures that led to World War II, the United Nations was formed in an attempt to fulfill the worthy ambitions of the League of Nations. Today, the U.N. is facing a stern test of its resolve by another dictator.  The U.N. has placed stiff mandates on an Iraqi dictator who has shown a thirst for more territory, more power, more deadly weaponry, no matter how horrific. Just as in the past, today's dictator has violated agreement after agreement, 16 U.N. resolutions by my count.  Now, by passing this resolution, Congress is showing that we have learned the lessons of history. We will enforce our international agreements, and we will not allow rogue dictators to bring about the deaths of thousands or millions of Americans and others by our inaction.  I commend the President for recognizing the need for this resolution. By passing this resolution, Congress will show that the U.S. speaks with one voice to counter the threat posed by Iraq. Further, we will send a message to the United Nations that failure to enforce its international agreements will only lead it down a path of irrelevance and ineffectiveness that the League of Nations went down over 60 years ago.  This is not a resolution that must lead to war. It rightly calls first for disarmament through diplomacy and inspections. These efforts alone could bring more security to the world and could prevent conflict if Saddam Hussein cooperates fully with the demands laid out before him by the Congress, the President, and the United Nations; but if disarmaments through diplomacy and inspections fails, and it can only fail at Saddam Hussein's own choosing, this resolution shows that Congress and America have the resolve to protect those who live in freedom from the dangers of tyrants.  I urge my colleagues to support the resolution.  