Chairman, I yield myself 3 minutes.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment which has been worked out on a bipartisan basis by the Committees on the Judiciary and Government Reform will give the Attorney General and the Associate Attorney General for Immigration Affairs personnel flexibility tools needed to ensure that the restructuring of the INS will be a success.  First, it requires the directors of the two immigration bureaus to design and implement managerial rotation programs so that their managers will have experience in all the major functions of their respective bureaus and will have worked out in the field. I want to thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Flake) for crafting this important provision.  Second, this amendment permits the Attorney General to offer buyouts to INS employees. That is essential to reshaping the agency.  Third, and most importantly, the amendment authorizes a 5-year demonstration project relating to disciplinary actions. It permits the AG to change policies and procedures regarding methods of disciplining employees in order to improve the quality of INS management. This would ensure discipline for both employee malfeasance and nonfeasance.  The demonstration project must encourage the use of alternative means of dispute resolution, where appropriate, and require expeditious, fair and independent review of disciplinary actions. The amendment provides needed flexibility for managing the new immigration components.  I want to thank the Committee on Government Reform for its work, support and patience in drafting this amendment. I want to thank three members of the Committee on the Judiciary, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Cannon), the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren), and the gentleman from California (Mr. Issa) who worked particularly hard to ensure that the Justice Department would have the personnel flexibility to make restructuring a success. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  