Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, there has been a vigorous debate on the rule. Most of the debate on the rule was on the merits of House Joint Resolution 96. It is a simple and straightforward proposal. It proposes to amend the United States Constitution to require a two-thirds vote for tax increases, and by requiring a two-thirds vote on tax increases, there would be a requirement that there be a consensus within the Congress, and hopefully within the American public, that taxes should go up.  I think that given the history of some of the tax debates that have occurred since I have been in Congress, that type of consensus is sadly needed. The American public has been asking Senators and Representatives, Republicans and Democrats, to be Americans first and partisans second, and to be both bipartisan and nonpartisan when approaching the problems facing the country.  All too often, we have very hot debates and very split votes with very narrow majorities, and the American public, I think, is probably as evenly politically divided today as at any time in the history of the country. The Republicans control this House by six votes, the Democrats control the other body by one vote. The 2000 Presidential election was the closest Presidential election in the history of the country.  I do not think that the voters, in dividing themselves so evenly, voted for gridlock and expected nothing to be done during the 2-year period in 2001 and 2002.  With a constitutional amendment to require a two-thirds vote to raise taxes, neither side will be able to use majority voting power, narrow as it may be, to one-up the other and to pass a tax increase. Maybe a constitutional provision that has the effect of forcing bipartisanship will bring about the bipartisanship in economic issues that has been so sorely lacking, as contrasted to the bipartisanship in facing the war on terrorism.  I can tell the Members, I do not think I would be standing here today presenting this constitutional amendment to the House of Representatives if it were not for the one-vote margin by which the then-majority Democratic party passed a big tax increase in 1993, 218 to 216 in the House and 51 to 50 in the other body, where then-Vice President Gore was called upon to break a tie. Because of the reaction of the American public against the majority using its voting power in the way that it did, it had a sea change in the 1994 elections and brought Republicans to majorities in both the House and Senate.  So I think that by requiring bipartisanship on tax policy, which is one of the two key elements of our Federal economic policy that Congress has control of, spending being the other, we are going to be able to perhaps force both parties to compromise, to seek consensus, and to seek support before going for a tax increase.  Now, I have looked at what this constitutional amendment would have done to tax increases over the last 22 years, had it been in effect. What I came up with is kind of surprising. The opponents of this constitutional amendment repeatedly state that it will be impossible to ever pass a tax increase, nohow, no way, if a two-thirds vote was required in the Senate and in the House of Representatives.  Since 1980, there have been 16 tax increases enacted into law by the Congress of the United States. Surprisingly, 10 of those tax increases passed both Houses by two-thirds majorities, if we look at the vote on the conference report, which is the final version of the tax bill.  That included the 1980 reconciliation act; the 1980 crude oil windfall profits tax; the $50 billion Social Security tax increase, which was necessary to restore solvency to the Social Security trust fund in 1983; the 1986 reconciliation act; the 1986 tax reform act, which increased taxes in 3 of the 5 following years and decreased them in the other 2; the 1988 Miscellaneous Revenue Act; the 1989 reconciliation act; the 1992 energy policy tax act; the 1996 Small Business Job Protection Act; and the 1998 Internal Revenue Service restructuring act.  All of those were tax increase bills, I would submit, of more than a de minimis amount, because the smallest of these raised taxes by $1 billion, which I think very few people would argue being de minimis.  The tax increases which were enacted that failed of a two-thirds vote in the House were the 1982 Tax Equity and Fairness Responsibility Act, or TEFRA; the 1984 deficit reduction act; the 1985 reconciliation act; the 1987 reconciliation act; the 1990 reconciliation act; and the 1993 reconciliation act, which was the big tax increase that I referred to earlier on.  So people who really want bipartisanship being forced upon the Congress on tax policy should vote in favor of this, because it will mean, the way the voters are presently divided, that neither political party will have the votes to be able to pass a tax increase on the American people solely with their own votes. They will have to reach out and compromise with the other party, and then sell this issue to the American public.  That is why I am in favor of this constitutional amendment.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  