Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2068, a bill to revise, codify, and enact without substantive change certain general and permanent laws relating to public buildings, property, and works, as title 40, ``Public Buildings, Property, and Works'' of the United States Code. The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), the ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary, is a cosponsor of this legislation.  This bill was prepared by the Office of the Law Revision Counsel as part of the program required by title 2, United States Code, 285b, to prepare and submit to the Committee on the Judiciary, one title at a time, a complete compilation, restatement, and revision of the general and permanent laws of the United States. The Committee on the Judiciary has jurisdiction over the revision and codification of the statutes of the United States. This bill is a result of the exercise of that jurisdiction. It makes no substantive change in existing law. Rather, it removes ambiguities, contradictions and other imperfections from existing law and repeals obsolete, superfluous and superseded provisions.  Simply stated, enacting title 40 as positive law will make the title easier and more reliable to use.  I introduced the bill on June 6, 2001. Upon introduction, the bill was circulated for comment to interested parties including committees of Congress and agencies and Departments of the executive branch. Originally, all comments were to be submitted no later than September 10, 2001. However, at the request of the Office of Management and Budget, the due date for comments was extended to March 15, 2002, to provide ample time for study and review. The General Services Administration provided extensive comments on the bill, and several other agencies and Departments of the government also provided comments.  The Office of Law Revision Counsel reviewed and considered all comments, contacting parties to resolve outstanding questions. Some comments, suggesting substantive changes, could not be incorporated in the restatement because this bill makes no substantive change in existing law. Other comments proposing changes to improve organization and clarity were incorporated in the restatement. The Committee on the Judiciary adopted an amendment in the nature of a substitute prepared by the Office of Law Revision Counsel, which reflects the changes resulting from the review and comment process.  The Law Revision Counsel indicates that he is satisfied that this legislation makes no substantive change in existing law. Therefore, no additional cost to the government would be incurred as a result of its enactment.  I urge all members to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  