Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, on April 16, 2002, the Supreme Court of the United States in the case of Ashcroft v. the Free Speech Coalition held that the current definition of child pornography as enacted by the Child Pornography Protection Act of 1996 is overbroad and, thus, unconstitutional.  In response to that decision, Ernest Allen, the president and CEO of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, testified that he believes that the Court's decision will result in the proliferation of child pornography in America unlike anything we have seen in more than 20 years. He concluded that, as a result of the Court's decision, thousands of children will be sexually victimized, most of whom will not report the offense.  Technology will exist, or may exist today, to create depictions of virtual children that are indistinguishable from depictions of real children. Just the mere possibility that such technology exists will make it impossible for law enforcement and prosecutors to enforce the child pornography laws in cases where computers are involved.  A vast majority of child pornography prosecutions today involve images contained on computer hard drives, computer disks or related media. A computer image seized from a child pornographer is rarely a first-generation product. These pictures are e-mailed over and over again or scanned in from photographs of real children being abused and exploited. The transmission of images over an e-mail system can alter the image and make it impossible for even an expert to know whether or not a particular image depicts a real child. If the original image has been scanned from a paper version into a digital format, accurate analysis can be even more difficult because proper forensic delineation may depend upon the quality of the image scanned and the tools used to scan it. As a result, the prosecution of child pornography cases that involve a computer in any form are threatened.  Convicted child pornographers are appealing their cases with claims that the government must prove that the child in the picture is real. This can be an insurmountable burden on the prosecution. In fact, on May 1, the committee received testimony that while there are estimates that hundreds of thousands of child pornography files are in existence and available on the Internet, law enforcement has established the identity of less than 100 children to date.  The government has an obligation to respond to the Supreme Court's decision, as it has an unquestionable compelling interest to protect children from those who would sexually exploit them. The Supreme Court recognized this compelling interest in its 1982 New York v. Ferber decision, holding that child pornography is not protected by the first amendment. The government will not be able to protect real children unless it can effectively prosecute and enforce child pornography laws. In order to do that, a statute must be adopted that narrows the definition of child pornography to withstand constitutional muster.  H.R. 4623, the Child Obscenity and Pornography Prevention Act of 2002, does that. In response to the Court's decision, this bill narrows the definition of child pornography, strengthens the existing affirmative defense, amends the obscenity laws to address virtual and real child pornography that involve visual depictions of pre-pubescent children, creates new offenses against pandering visual depictions as child pornography, and creates new offenses against providing children obscene or pornographic material.  Mr. Speaker, this is carefully crafted legislation that will help to protect our children from the worst predators in our society. I urge my colleagues to support it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  