Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, the purpose of this bill, the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act, is to protect all infants who are born alive by recognizing them as a person, human being, child or individual for purposes of Federal law. This recognition would take effect upon the live birth of an infant, regardless of whether or not his or her development is sufficient to permit long-term survival and regardless of whether or not he or she survived an abortion.  It has long been an accepted legal principle that infants who are born alive are persons and thus entitled to the protections of the law. Many States have statutes that explicitly enshrine this principle as a matter of State law and some Federal courts have recognized the principle in interpreting Federal criminal laws. However, recent changes in the legal and cultural landscape appear to have brought this well-settled principle into question.  In its July 2000 ruling in Stenberg v. Carhart, the United States Supreme Court struck down a Nebraska law banning partial-birth abortion. In doingso, the Carhart court considered the location of an infant's body at the moment of death during a partial-birth abortion, delivered partly outside the body of the mother, to be of no legal significance. Indeed, two members of the majority, Justices Stevens and Ginsburg, went so far as to say that it was, quote, ``irrational,'' unquote, for the Nebraska legislature to take the location of the infant at the point of death into account. Thus, as Justice Scalia noted in dissent, the result of the Carhart ruling is to give live-birth abortion free rein.  Following Stenberg v. Carhart, the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit made this point explicit in the case of Planned Parenthood of Central New Jersey v. Farmer when it struck down New Jersey's partial-birth abortion ban. According to the Third Circuit, under Roe v. Wade and Carhart, it is nonsensical and based upon semantic machinations and irrational line-drawing for a legislature to conclude that an infant's location in relation to his or her mother's body has any relevance in determining whether or not an infant may be killed.  The logical implications of Carhart and Farmer are both obvious and disturbing. Under the logic of these decisions, once a child is marked for abortion, it is wholly irrelevant whether the child emerges from the womb as a live baby. That child may still be treated as though he or she did not exist, and would have not the slightest rights under the law, no right to receive medical care, to be sustained in life, or to receive any care at all. If a child who survives an abortion is born alive and had no claim to the protections of the law, there would be no basis upon which the government may prohibit an abortionist from completely delivering an infant before killing it or allowing it to die. The right to abortion, under this logic, means nothing less than the right to a dead baby, no matter where the killing takes place. Thus, the Carhart and Farmer rulings have essentially brought our legal system to the threshold of accepting infanticide itself, making it necessary to firmly establish the ``born alive'' principle in Federal law.  The Born-Alive Infants Protection Act is designed to repudiate the destructive ideas that have brought the born-alive rule into question, and to firmly establish that, for purposes of Federal law, an infant who is completely expelled and extracted from his or her mother and who is alive is, indeed, a person under the law.  This bill draws a bright line between the right to abortion and infanticide, or the killing or criminal neglect of completely born children. The bill clarifies that a born-alive infant's legal status under Federal law does not depend upon the infant's gestational age or whether the infant's birth occurred as a result of natural or induced labor, cesarean section, or induced abortion.  Thus, the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act protects the legal status of all children born alive and affirms that every child who is born alive has an intrinsic dignity which does not depend upon the interests or convenience of anyone else.  I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2175.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  