Speaker, I yield myself 6 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 476, the Child Custody Protection Act, would make it a Federal offense to knowingly transport a minor across a State line with the intent that she obtain an abortion, in circumvention of a State's parental consent or notification law. Violation of the law would be a Class One misdemeanor, carrying a fine of up to $100,000 and incarceration for up to 1 year.  H.R. 476 has two primary purposes: the first is to protect the health and safety of young girls by preventing valid constitutional State parental involvement laws from being circumvented. The second is to protect the rights of parents to be involved in the medical decisions of their minor daughters.  There is widespread agreement that it is the parents of a pregnant minor who are best suited to provide her counsel, guidance and support as she decides whether to continue her pregnancy or undergo an abortion. A total of 43 States have enacted some form of a parental involvement statute. Twenty-seven of these States currently enforce statutes that require a pregnant minor to either notify her parents of her intent to obtain an abortion or to obtain the consent of her parents prior to obtaining an abortion. As these numbers indicate, parental involvement laws enjoy widespread public support as they help to ensure the health and safety of pregnant young girls and support parents in the exercise of their most fundamental right, that is, of raising their children.  Despite this widespread support, the transportation of minors across State lines in order to obtain abortions is, unfortunately, a widespread and frequent practice. Even groups opposed to this bill acknowledge that large numbers of minors are transported across State lines to obtain abortions, in many cases by adults other than their parents.  Following the 1994 enactment of Pennsylvania's parental consent law, abortion clinics in New Jersey and New York saw an increase in Pennsylvania teenagers seeking to obtain abortions. This is not a surprise, because just prior to Pennsylvania's law going into effect, counselors and activists in Pennsylvania met to plot a strategy to make it easier for teenagers to travel to neighboring States for abortions.  In one disturbing case, the operator for the National Abortion Federation's toll-free national abortion hotline went so far as to talk a Richmond, Virginia, area teenage girl through a travel route so that the girl could obtain an abortion in the District of Columbia.  This conduct is only aided by the dubious practices of many abortion clinics located in States lacking parental involvement laws. To gin up business, some clinics even advertise in the Yellow Pages directories distributed in nearby States that require parental involvement, advising young girls that they can obtain an abortion without parental consent or notification. Such ads only serve to lure young girls residing in States with parental involvement laws to these clinics, thus denying parents the opportunity to provide love, support and advice to their daughter as she makes one of the most important decisions of her life.  When confused and frightened young girls are assisted in and encouraged to circumvent parental notice and consent laws by crossing State lines, they are led into what will likely be a hasty and potentially ill-advised decision. Often, these girls are being guided by those who do not share the love and affection that most parents have for their children. In the worst of circumstances, these individuals have a great incentive to avoid criminal liability for their conduct given the fact that almost two-thirds of adolescent mothers have partners older than 20 years of age.  Parental notice and consent laws reflect the State's reasoned and constitutional conclusion that the best interests of a pregnant minor are served when her parents are consulted and involved in the process. States are free to craft their own parental notice and consent laws to allow a minor to consult a grandmother or other family member in lieu of parents, and a few States have in fact made such a choice. Most, however, have chosen not to allow close relatives to serve as surrogates for parents in the abortion context. If a young girl's circumstances are such that parental involvement is not in her best interests, grandparents and close relatives are free to assist the girl in pursuing a judicial bypass. Indeed, the United States Supreme Court has required judicial bypass procedures to be included in the State's parental consent statute.  As the U.S. Supreme Court has stated: ``The natural bonds of affection lead parents to act in the best interests of their children.'' The decision to obtain an abortion is, as the Court also stated, ``a grave decision, and a girl of tender years under emotional stressmay be ill-equipped to make it without mature advice and emotional support.''  In light of the widespread practice of circumventing validly enacted parental involvement laws by the transportation of minors across State lines, it is entirely appropriate for Congress, with its exclusive constitutional authority to regulate interstate commerce, to enact the Child Custody Protection Act.  This Chamber has twice approved this legislation, each time by an overwhelming majority. I encourage my fellow Members to again provide parents with this much-needed support and approve this important legislation.  