Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, the Bradley case that the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee) cited is not relevant to this bill. She talked about a search of a woman who arrived at the Newark Airport. This bill only applies to land border crossings, not ports of entry that are not land border crossings. So the argument that the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee) relies on is irrelevant to dealing with the issue of this bill.  The gentlewoman from Texas complains about the fact that people might be unduly targeted for stops. Everybody who crosses the border between the United States and Mexico and Canada has to be stopped. Mr. Speaker, 100 percent of the people do, regardless of what their race is or their national origin. I do not understand what the gentlewoman's complaints are because she should know that one must stop for inspection and the law requires it.  Now, finally, during the markup of the Committee on the Judiciary, as chairman, I gave the gentlewoman from Texas my commitment to ask for a GAO study once this bill is signed into law. The gentlewoman from Texas should know that any Member of the House can ask for a GAO study. It does not have to be an amendment adopted by the committee; it does not have to be legislation on the floor of the House. She can ask for one, I can ask for one, and anyone of the other 433 Members of the House of Representatives can ask for one. So nobody is preventing a GAO study from being done should this bill be passed by both Houses and signed into law by the President.  The issue is very simple, and that is that if somebody comes to a land border crossing at the United States who is drunk or who is under the influence of drugs and is not capable of safely operating a motor vehicle, should the immigration inspector who stops that individual be allowed to detain them and to administer a chemical test. We cannot do that now, but this bill does give the immigration inspectors the authority to do that. And if this bill fails and this hole in the law is not plugged, then the drunk driver or the impaired driver will go on his or her merry way at a border crossing which is, of necessity, crowded by people who are stopping and submitting to inspection as required by Federal law and vulnerable to injury or death simply because the INS inspector had to call up the local police and it is only when the local police arrive on the scene can there be a stop.  This is a good bill. The arguments of the gentlewoman from Texas are complete red herrings. It should be passed.  Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Flake).  