Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Just to get back on track, Mr. Speaker, let me say that what H.R. 2054 does is that it says that at the general election in November of this year, the residents of Wendover, Utah, and West Wendover, Nevada, will vote on a plan of merger, a marriage contract, if you will. If the voters in both communities support this procedure, then the next step is to have the Utah and Nevada legislatures consider whether or not the State lines should be adjusted so that Wendover, Utah, would be put into the State of Nevada.  Nevada has got a provision in its State constitution that delineates the boundaries of the State. Should both States approve it, there would have to be an amendment proposed by the two sections of the State legislature and approved by the voters of the State of Nevada in the general election of 2006.  Should that all happen, then the State boundary would be adjusted, because the consent of Congress would be given in advance under these procedures through the enactment of H.R. 2054. And should that happen, this will be the first time since 1863 that a State boundary was changed for a reason other than the fact that the river constituting the boundary between two States has changed course.  In 1863, during the Civil War, as we all know, the Congress admitted West Virginia as a State, carving the loyalist counties of the Commonwealth of Virginia out of that Commonwealth and establishing them as a separate State. So what we are doing here is setting in motion something that might not have happened in our country for 140 years.  So even though this bill is noncontroversial, it is somewhat precedent-setting, and it is precedent-setting in that in fact the Congress is giving the say to the people of these two communities on whether or not they want the State line adjusted. If either of the communities says, no way, we do not want to have that, then this whole issue is moot and everybody who wants to talk about this issue will forever hold their peace.  With that, I urge the passage of this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  