Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I will not oppose the motion to instruct conferees with respect to Section 1071 of the Senate amendment to H.R. 2646 because the House is on record as having supported a version of this measure on numerous occasions. I do, however, have concerns about the potential impact this motion may have on another pending conference.  Section 1071 in effect would make Chapter 12, a specialized form of bankruptcy relief available to certain family farmers, a permanent component ofthe Bankruptcy Code retroactive through October 1, 2001.  Without question, the family farmer plays a critical role in our Nation's health and economic well-being. Unfortunately, bad weather, rising energy costs, volatile marketplace conditions, competition for large agribusinesses, and the economic forces experienced by any small business affect the financial stability of some family farmers.  In response to the specialized needs of small family farmers in financial distress, Chapter 12 of the Bankruptcy Code was enacted on a temporary basis as a part of the Bankruptcy Judges, United States Trustees and Family Farmer Bankruptcy Act of 1986. It has subsequently been extended on several occasions, most recently until October 1 of last year.  On the other hand, we know that statistically Chapter 12 is utilized rarely. While total bankruptcy filings in each of the past 6 years has surpassed more than 1 million cases, the number of Chapter 12 cases exceeded 1,000 on only one occasion, and that was back in 1996. So for the past 5 years there have not been even 1,000 Chapter 12 filings.  In the absence of Chapter 12, family farmers may apply for relief under the Bankruptcy Code's other alternatives, although these generally do not work quite as well for farmers as does Chapter 12.  As you know, I have consistently supported prior efforts to extend Chapter 12 in this Congress. I must note, however, that a substantively identical provision to Section 1071 is already included in H.R. 333, the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act which is currently in conference. And that conference is much further along than the farm bill conference.  Since August of last year, the House and Senate staff have been actively working to resolve the differences between the respective bills. In February of this year, the House conferees sent the Senate a proposed offer resolving all outstanding issues. Although the Senate did not accept the proffer, I am pleased to report as of last week there is a mere handful of items that need to be resolved and that the bankruptcy conference is nearly completed.  Given this significant progress, it is my expectation that the few remaining matters will be resolved well before the conference on H.R. 2646 is completed.  Among the issues resolved in the bankruptcy conference are a series of provisions that give family farmers enhanced protections under Chapter 12. These provisions, in addition to a permanent extension of Chapter 12, are included in the bankruptcy conference as part of a complex and extensively negotiated effort. So merely making Chapter 12 permanent will mean that the enhanced protections that are already agreed to in the bankruptcy conference will end up not becoming a part of the permanent law. And those types of enhanced protections will end up having to start over from scratch.  Therefore, I am accordingly quite concerned that the motion to instruct may be simply an effort to cherry-pick one of the provisions which would incentivize others to do the same. I fear that the motion to instruct could reduce the momentum for the bankruptcy conference and lessen support for it, and thereby jeopardize enactment of the other farmer-friendly protections included in the compromise.  It is for these very same reasons I have adamantly opposed attempts by others to move other provisions in the bankruptcy bill separately. Again, although I do not oppose the motion to instruct conferees on Section 1071, I am very concerned that it may potentially have a damaging impact on the pending bankruptcy conference and the additional farmer-friendly protections already agreed to.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  