Speaker, I rise in support of this rule, it is the standard rule for conference reports, but also in opposition to the conference report itself because it fails to include critical liability protections for victims of terrorism, which are particularly important because the conference report creates a Federal indemnification program that puts the American taxpayer on the hook for damages caused by terrorists.  It is important to note what the trial lawyers did first to mark the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks on September 11. They are suing American companies that were victims of terrorist attacks themselves. According to the Washington Post: ``Things really are returning to normal a year after the terrorist attacks. Trial lawyers--surprise!--are headed back to the courthouse, [and] there is a rush by lawyers to sue airport operators, airlines, security companies, the builders of the World Trade Center and others.''  Let us face the facts. Terrorist-inspired litigation is not a garden variety tort case. A banana peel is an accident waiting to happen, but a terrorist is a suicidal fanatic bent upon killing individuals, innocent people, and causing mass destruction of property. Even the most diligent property owners cannot always guard against such attacks.  To protect innocent Americans, the provisions in the terrorism insurance legislation the House passed a year ago provided that, in a lawsuit for damages arising out of a terrorist attack, no punitive damages would be allowed against victims of terrorism. The bill before us today fails to include that basic protection; and, in doing so, it fails to ensure that Americans do not become the victims of terrorists twice: first during the initial wave of death and destruction caused by the terrorists and second by the legal aftershocks caused by the unquantifiable and unpredictable damage claims brought by the plaintiffs' bar.  While the bill before us today excludes punitive damages awarded in court from insured losses paid by the United States taxpayer, the mere allegation of punitive damages always boosts the settlement value of the cases, and this bill leaves U.S. taxpayers paying the inflated costs of those cases settled out of court. So what the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Bachus), my friend, said, he is right, we taxpayers do not pay punitive damages, but knowing that there is a punitive damage award hovering over there means that the settlement value which is paid by the taxpayers ends up costing the taxpayers' money. So it requires the American taxpayers to engage in an egregious form of national self-flagellation. American taxpayers are punished for the evil acts of foreign enemies.  Even the Washington Post's editorial page has stated: ``On insurance, the Democrats are objecting to Republican proposals to ban punitive damages in the event of terrorist attacks, which seems a reasonable proposal. The Democratic position on terrorism insurance smacks of the trial bar, which never saw a disaster that didn't justify a lawsuit.''  And just a few weeks ago, the Washington Post stated that ``the Democrats should indeed be embarrassed'' by their efforts to defend lawyers at the expense of the American economy.  It is no surprise to me that all Democratic conferees signed this conference report.  The terrorism insurance bill the House passed last year also provided the defendants could only be liable for the amount of damages for pain and suffering in direct proportion to the defendant's percentage of responsibility for harm. That provision allows Americans who are victims of terrorists to rely, at the very least, on their own innocence to protect them from liability. My colleagues may remember that in the No Child Left Behind Act, which overwhelmingly passed both the House and the Senate, the very same rule was applied to protect teachers. If that provision is good enough for teachers, it should be good enough for victims of terrorism.  The bill that the House passed last year also provided that fees for attorneys suing victims of terrorism could not be greater than 20 percent of the damages awarded or any amount of the settlement received. That provision is simply a continuation of the long-standing Federal policy behind the Federal Tort Claims Act, namely that lawyers should not profit excessively when they are paid from the United States Treasury.  Especially today, in a time of war, excessive lawyer fees drawn from the U.S. Treasury should not be allowed to result in egregious war profiteering at the expense of victims, jobs, and businesses; and this bill, unfortunately, will allow this one segment of our society to legally, with the blessing of the United States Congress, engage in war profiteering.  This conference report does not include these protections for the victims of terrorism that were in the bill the House passed a year ago. It gives the plaintiffs' bar the keys to the United States Treasury, and it gives lawyers a license to further prey on the victims of terrorism.  We passed a compensation program the week after 9/11 for the survivors of the victims of those attacks, and some of the proceedings that have gone on under that law have resulted in embarrassment to the public and to the authors of that act and grist for investigative reporters. Should, God forbid, there be another terrorist attack and the provisions of this bill come into play, that same embarrassment will apply. There is an old adage ``Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.'' Let us not shame us by passing this bill. It should be voted down.  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I want to take this opportunity to commend the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Oxley), the chairman; and the gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce), ranking member; and all the members of the Committee on Financial Services for all of their work on this issue. As I said in my opening remarks, they initially came up with an okay bill that, unfortunately, as a result of some meddling from the majority leadership, turned into a very bad bill in my opinion.  What we have before us today in this conference report is a bill that represents bipartisan concerns and deserves bipartisan support, and I would urge my colleagues to support this rule, and I would urge my colleagues to support final passage of the conference report.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  