Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4167. This bill reenacts and extends Chapter 12, a specialized form of bankruptcy relief for small family farmers for a period of eight months retroactive to October 1, 2001.  Chapter 12 was enacted on a temporary basis in 1986 and has been subsequently extended on several occasions over the years. Without question, the family farmer plays a critical role in our Nation's health and economic well-being. Unfortunately, bad weather, rising energy costs, volatile marketplace conditions, competition from large agri-businesses and economic forces experienced by any small business affect the financial stability of some family farmers.  Although Chapter 12 addresses the special needs of family farmers, it is utilized infrequently. While total bankruptcy filings in each of the past 6 years surpassed more than a million cases, the number of Chapter 12 cases has exceeded 1,000 on only one occasion, and that was back in 1996. In the absence of Chapter 12, family farmers may apply for relief under the bankruptcy code's other alternative, although these generally do not work quite as well for farmers as Chapter 12.  As my colleagues know, I have consistently supported prior efforts to extend Chapter 12 in this Congress. In addition, I have supported a provision included in both the House and Senate versions of H.R. 333, the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act, that would make Chapter 12 a permanent component of the bankruptcy code.  H.R. 333 is currently in conference. As the chairman of the bankruptcy conference, I am pleased to report that the anticipated bankruptcy conference report will likely include a series of other provisions that will give family farmers even more enhanced protections under Chapter 12. These farmer-friendly provisions were included in the bankruptcy conference as part of complex and an extensively negotiable effort.  Specifically, the other provisions would, first, increase the debt eligibility limit and require it to be automatically adjusted for inflation so that more family farmers would qualify for relief under Chapter 12.  Second, lower the percentage of income that must be derived from farming operations which would also ensure that more farmers would be eligible for Chapter 12 than would be under current law.  Third, give farmers more protection with respect to how they may treat the claims of creditors.  Fourth, for the first time in the history of Chapter 12, allow certain family fishermen to be eligible for this form of bankruptcy relief.  Since August of last year, the House and Senate staff have been actively working to resolve the differences between the respective bills. In February of this year, House conferees sent the Senate a proposed offer resolving all outstanding issues. Although the Senate did not accept the proffer, only a mere handful of issues remain to be resolved.  In fact, I have scheduled a meeting of the bankruptcy conferees one week from today for the purpose of resolving these remaining issues. Accordingly, I expect to complete the bankruptcy conference well before the extension of Chapter 12, effectuated by this bill, expires.  H.R. 4167 is good for family farmers because it immediately restores Chapter 12 and maintains the status quo for an appropriate period of time. This bill serves to support our efforts in resolving the pending bankruptcy conference which when completed and enacted will provide even more protection for family farmers.  Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4167.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  