Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, the Immigration and Nationality Act permits foreign students to study in the United States on nonimmigrant student visas. Aliens must be full-time students to be eligible for F visas, which is academic or language studies, or M visas, which are vocational or non-academic studies, nonimmigrant student visas. However, some INS districts have paroled commuter students from Canada and Mexico into the United States as visitors to bypass this statutory requirement because no visa category exists for part-time commuter students.  Since September 11, 2001, the INS has issued memoranda regarding its intent to end this practice of accommodating part-time commuter students but permits its continuance through the end of this year for students already enrolled in border schools. On August 27, 2002, the INS issued an interim rule to expand the F and M student visa categories to permit Mexican and Canadian commuter students to obtain student visas.  However, such a rule is open to differing interpretations across administrations. By passing H.R. 4967, this bill would make Congress' intent clearer that the Canadian and Mexican students should be able to obtain student visas and attend U.S. schools along our borders.  The bill amends the F and M student categories of the Immigration and Nationality Act to expand student visa authorization only for nationals of Canada or Mexico who maintain actual residence and place of abode in the country of nationality, whose course of study may either be full- or part-time, and who commute to the U.S. institution or place of study from Canada or Mexico. These part-time students will be tracked in the Student and Exchange Visitor Information System, or SEVIS; and I would point out that if this bill is not passed, and they continue to be paroled in as visitors, they will not be tracked under SEVIS because they do not have student visas.  In practice, the INS has been allowing the students in for years but without proper authority to do so. This bill gives the INS that proper authority, and I urge my colleagues to vote for it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  