Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, children today are more at risk than ever to falling prey to sexual predators. Sexual exploitation of children, a prime motive for kidnapping, is on the rise. When it comes to abduction, rape and murder of children, the United States must have a zero tolerance policy. Our children are not statistics, and no level of abductions is acceptable.  H.R. 5422, the Child Abduction Prevention Act of 2002, will send a clear message that child abductors will not escape justice. This legislation strengthens penalties against kidnapping, subjects those who abduct and sexually exploit children to the possibility of lifetime supervision, aids law enforcement to effectively prevent, investigate and prosecute crimes against children, and provides families and communities with immediate and effective assistance to recover a missing child.  An abducted child is a parent's worst nightmare. We must ensure that law enforcement has every possible tool necessary to try and recover a missing child quickly and safely. Prompt public alerts of an abducted child could be the difference between life and death for that innocent victim. To accomplish this, H.R. 5422 establishes a national AMBER Alert program to expand the child abduction communications warning network throughout the United States.  For those individuals that would harm a child, we must ensure that punishment is severe and that sexual predators are not allowed to slip throughthe cracks of the system to harm other children. To this end, the legislation provides a 20-year mandatory minimum sentence of imprisonment for nonfamilial abductions of a child under the age of 18, lifetime supervision for sex offenders, and mandatory life imprisonment for second-time offenders. Furthermore, H.R. 5422 removes any statute of limitations and opportunity for pretrial release for crimes of child abduction and sex offenses.  Those who abduct children are often serial offenders who have actually been convicted of similar offenses. Sex offenders and child molesters are four times more likely than any other violent criminals to recommit their crimes. This number demands attention, especially in light of the fact that a single child molester on average destroys the lives of over 100 children. In response, H.R. 5422 provides judges with the discretion to impose lifetime supervision of such offenders.  The bill also fights against an industry supporting one of the fastest growing areas of international criminal activity. The sex tourism industry obtains its victims through kidnapping and trafficking of women and children. These women and children are then forced into prostitution. The bill addresses this problem.  Passage of this legislation also increases support for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, the Nation's resource center for child protection. The center assists in the recovery of missing children and raises public awareness on ways to protect children from abduction, molestation, and sexual exploitation. H.R. 5422 doubles the Federal funds for the center to $20 million by 2004 in recognition of its important role in these efforts to prevent child abductions.  Many of the provisions of H.R. 5422 previously passed the House in separate bills with tremendous bipartisan support. This legislation deserves the same support.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  