Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I will support final passage of H.R. 1542, the Internet Freedom and Broadband Deployment Act. While I did not support this legislation in the Committee on the Judiciary, I am persuaded that sufficient changes will be made to the bill today that merits supporting the bill and moving the process forward.  I believe two changes negotiated between the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) and myself significantly improve the bill. There is general agreement that rapid deployment of broadband could dramatically improve communications, electronic commerce, and more easily deliver digital goods to consumers. However, there is disagreement over how broadband should be deployed. The Committee on the Judiciary had several days of hearings on these complex and difficult issues.  As the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, which has jurisdiction over unlawful restraints of trade, I am cognizant of antitrust problems which gave rise to our modern telecommunications policy. After the 1984 breakup of AT, competition in the long distance market flourished. As a result, rates decreased and service improved.  However, when local telephone competition failed to materialize, Congress in 1996 attempted to open up the local markets by offering the regional Bell operating companies, RBOCs for short, a basic trade. They were to open their local exchanges to competitors for interconnection; and in return, they were to be allowed entry into the long distance market.  Since 1996, there has been major consolidation in the industry as the RBOCs have merged with one another. Furthermore, the RBOCs have not had a stellar record regarding compliance with the 1996 act. Hence, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Upton) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Green) will offer an amendment increasing penalties for violation of the Communications Act of 1934, which I urge the committee to adopt. Consolidation and a history of anticompetitive market restraints should give one pause.  Many would argue with considerable justification that there has been not enough progress in the local markets and that the RBOCs should not be rewarded by giving them the unregulated green light to the lucrative data market. On the other hand, we should continuously review public policy to determine whether regulatory regimes are meeting the public interests.  We must also remain vigilant to make sure that the RBOCs do not use their market dominance to undermine competition because competition is the only way to ensure the most efficient delivery of the highest-quality and lowest-price goods and services.  Notwithstanding the changes that will be made today, including two within the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, incorporated into the bill by the rule, I remain concerned about competition in the broadband and telecommunications market as a whole and will continue to review these issues to search for ways to ensure that the benefits of competition, lower prices, more choices and better service, are available to the consumer.  No bill is perfect; and after much deliberation, debate, and consideration, I believe on the whole that final passage of this legislation should be supported. Many Members have labored on this legislation, and I want to specifically thank the members of the Committee on the Judiciary on both sides of the aisle for their hard work. The committee performed quickly and thoughtfully under unreasonably tight time constraints last June, and all Members should be proud of their accomplishments.  I would also like to thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) and his staff for working an agreement in the language contained in section 9 of the bill which preserves the powers of the Justice Department to review antitrust considerations.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, I ask that the balance of my time be yielded to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Cannon) and that he be allowed to yield such portions of that time to other Members as he desires.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore (Mr. LaHood). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin?  There was no objection.  