Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1888, legislation to correct a technical error in the Federal Criminal Code concerning the protection of certain Olympic trademarks.  As you know, a great tradition resumes this week. The Winter Olympic Games begin in Salt Lake City, Utah. The tradition of the Olympics is more important than ever. Amateur athletes from around the world come togetherto compete in goodwill and strive towards excellence in their sport. They are an inspiration to us all.  Since the tragedies of September 11, it is more important than ever that the nations of the world are united in peaceful exhibition. Surely my colleagues join me in the pride that our country hosts the games this winter.  The Departments of Justice and the Treasury and the U.S. Olympic Committee have recently notified Congress that an incorrect citation was made when a recodification of certain laws was passed in 1998. This typographical error, the insertion of the number 7 instead of 5, inadvertently undermines the protection of Olympic trademarks such as the Olympic rings. This legislation corrects the error.  The need to protect trademarks and other intellectual property is stronger today than ever. There are disturbing reports detailing how the proceeds of counterfeit and pirated goods are used to fund a variety of dangerous criminal enterprises including terrorism. It is important that we safeguard the integrity of the goodwill of the Olympics as well as our public safety by giving Federal law enforcement the tools to go after wrongdoers and to protect these important trademarks.  I would also like to say a few words about something that is very disturbing to me. When I was driving in from the airport today, the radio carried a report that the International Olympic Committee had denied the request of the United States Olympic team to carry as the American flag that flag which had been recovered from the wreckage of the World Trade Center. Today we are talking about legislation relating to the meaning of symbols, the Olympic rings in particular, and how important symbols are to the fight against evil and for good, and how important symbols are in terms of preventing criminals and terrorists from appropriating those symbols for their own use.  I was honestly shocked to hear that the bureaucrats of the International Olympic Committee are denying the American team the right to carry the flag that they wanted to as a symbol of the solidarity of the world against the events of September 11. And while we are passing legislation today protecting one of the symbols of both the International and U.S. Olympic Committees, I would hope that the IOC would reciprocate and would reconsider the very foolish decision that they made, if this radio report was accurate, denying American Olympic athletes the right to carry the flag that they want to carry.  One must remember that there were citizens of 86 countries that died in the World Trade Center on September 11. So that flag is not just an American symbol, it is a symbol that is being carried in memory of those citizens of most of the countries participating in the Olympics, and it ought to be present when the games open up in Salt Lake City later this week.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  