Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, the 1995 Digital Performance Right and Sound Recording Act that created a performance right in sound recordings for digital transmissions did not specifically address the issue of webcasting or Internet radio broadcasts. As a result, the 1998 Digital Millennium Copyright Act contains provisions that authorize eligible webcasters to accept a compulsory license, thereby enabling them to operate over the Internet without negotiating licenses in the marketplace. A compulsory license essential allows an individual or entity to use copyrighted works like music and movies at an industry-negotiated or government-mandated rate.  Because webcasters and members of the recording industry could not agree to a rate, a statutorily authorized arbitration panel, called a CARP, was convened at the U.S. Copyright Office to determine what the rate would be. The arbitrators issued a decision on February 20, 2002. The copyright holders in the recording industry thought that the rate was too low, and the webcasters thought that the rate was too high.  Pursuant to his authority under the Copyright Act, the Librarian of Congress, based upon a recommendation by the Register of Copyrights, decided on June 8 to reject the suggestions of the webcasting CARP. On June 20, he issued a final decision which lowered the rate further. Some webcasters believe that the rate is still excessive. The copyright holders maintain that this lower rate is even less reflective of a fair market standard. That decision is now on appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia circuit.  Although a resolution to this dispute is legally in play, implementation of the decision by the Librarian takes effect on October 20 and is retroactive to 1998. Unless Congress acts, some webcasters will shut down. This explains the point of H.R. 5469 as originally drafted: to suspend the implementation of the Librarian's decision for 6 months, effective October 20. This delay would ensure that all parties would receive all of the judicial process to which they are entitled under the law before the rate took effect.  I am happy to report that introduction of this bill placed a burr under the saddle of both the copyright holders and the small webcasters to conclude negotiations on these matters that began last summer. Since last week, the parties have negotiated around the clock. They have now arrived at a deal that sets new rates and payment terms that will obviate the need for further legal and administrative intervention. The manager's amendment simply codifies the terms of that deal.  Mr. Speaker, this solution is fair to both sides, the small webcasters as well as the copyright holders. It dovetails with the purpose of the Copyright Act in these cases, that is, to encourage parties to develop their own agreements governing rates and terms. I am happy to report that the parties have agreed today, as evidenced by the manager's amendment. I urge my colleagues to support the bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  