Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this resolution was introduced by our distinguished colleague, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. Gibbons).  The honoree, C. Clifton Young, was a Member of Congress representing Nevada and currently serves on the Nevada Supreme Court. He has had a remarkable career beginning in his childhood where he sold newspapers, was the local soda jerk, the valedictorian of his high school class, went to the University of Nevada at Reno, and was the only student with membership in both the University Singers and the college wrestling team. He joined the Army after college and served tours of duty in France, Germany and Austria and was honorably discharged as a major at the age of 23. He then went to Harvard Law School. I think that may have compromised his Western values a bit. But from there he went on to have over a half century of public service.  He served two terms as Nevada's then lone representative in Congress. He was elected to the Nevada State Senate, following his service in Congress, and served 14 years there. And in 1984 he was elected to the Nevada Supreme Court and will have served 18 years until his retirement at the end of the year.  He has been active in the Boy Scouts, the YMCA, and he also served as president of the National Wildlife Federation. I have a lengthy statement I will put in the Record, but I think that he is really an example of the American dream come true and an individual who returned many of his talents to his community, his State and his Nation, serving both in volunteer capacities and in the legislative and judicial branches of government.  H. Res. 417 introduced by Representative Gibbons of Nevada, recognizes the career and efforts of former Member C. Clifton Young, Currently serving on the Nevada Supreme Court, Justice Young will be retiring from the Court at the end of this year when his term expires, thus completing a career which was comprised of decades of selfless public service.  Justice C. Clifton Young prepared for his illustrious career growing up in Lovelock, Nevada, selling newspapers and Grit magazine, shining shoes, painting houses, and satisfying the community thirst in the hot Nevada plains as the local soda jerk. Even with all of these commitments Young graduated Valedictorian of his High School class.  At the University of Nevada in Reno, Young remained active, becoming President of the Lamda Chi Fraternity, cadet commander of the campus ROTC, and was perhaps the only student with membership in both the University Singers and the college wrestling team.  Young went on to join the army after college, and spent the next three and a half years in the Infantry of the 103rd Division. After serving tours of duty in France, Germany, and Austria, he was honorably discharged as a Major at the age of 23.  After the war, Young went on to graduate from Harvard Law School. From there Young set in for the beginnings of what would become over a half century of public service. From a country public administrator, Young went on to become Nevada's then lone Representative in Congress, and over his two terms never missed a vote. In 1966 he was elected to the Nevada State Senate, where he served for 14 years.  He was then elected in 1984 to the Nevada Supreme Court, where he will have served for 18 years upon his retirement. While engaged in all of these life activities, Young also found time to be active in the Boy Scouts, YMCA, and serve as President of the National Wildlife Federation.  C. Clifton Young has given much to his community, and I support this resolution recognizing his public service. And let me just state that Justice Young deserves something back from the District of Columbia. You see, when he first came here with his wife back in 1952, full of the excitement of representing the people of Nevada, he was greeted by the District not with parades or fanfare, but instead by having his car stolen. We cannot replace his car, but we can support this resolution, which I urge all Members to do.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  