Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4561, the Federal Agency Protection of Privacy Act. Throughout my tenure as chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, I have worked to strike a proper balance between laws designed to preserve the safety and security of Americans and those which needlessly compromise our civil liberties. The Federal Agency Protection of Privacy Act helps preserve this balance.  H.R. 4561 requires that rules noticed by Federal agencies for public comment under the Administrative Procedure Act be accompanied by an initialprivacy impact assessment which explains how the proposed rule will affect personal privacy. The issuing agency would then receive public views on the privacy impact of the proposed rule and issue a final privacy impact analysis which explains how the Federal agency will obtain, utilize, and safeguard personally identifiable information.  Importantly, the bill contains a judicial review provision to ensure that Federal agencies adhere to its requirements. In this respect H.R. 4561 mirrors regulatory enhancements to the Regulatory Flexibility Act, which require Federal agencies to consider the potential impact of proposed legislation and regulations on small businesses. Furthermore, unlike existing Federal statutes which protect against the unauthorized disclosure of personal information obtained by the Federal Government, the Federal Agency Protection of Privacy Act prospectively ensures that Federal agencies consider the privacy impact of proposed rules before they become binding Federal regulations.  This bill reflects a spirit of commitment to privacy rights by providing the American public a mechanism which simply requires an agency to give advanced notice and opportunity to comment on how rules issued by Federal agencies will affect their personal privacy. As such, it reaffirms our fidelity to the fundamental civil liberties cherished by all Americans.  Mr. Speaker, this measure enjoys broad bipartisan support on the Committee on the Judiciary and is endorsed by as diverse a group of organizations ranging from the American Civil Liberties Union to the National Rifle Association. I urge my colleagues to support the bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  