Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2155 helps prevent drunk driving at and around our borders. The bill authorizes INS inspectors at the border to take drunk or drugged drivers into custody based on their impaired state. Currently, border inspectors do not have the authority to do so other than as private citizens making arrests. Typically, inspectors now have to alert State or local law enforcement that an impaired driver is headed their way, wave impaired drivers through the port of entry, and hope that State or local law enforcement will pick them up before the driver does any harm.  This bill makes it a Federal crime for a person to operate a motor vehicle at a land border patrol entry in an impaired manner because of the presence or drugs or alcohol. The bill deems any such driver to have given consent to submit to a chemical test by the INS to determine the presence or concentration of alcohol or drug in the driver's body. The bill authorizes INS inspectors at land border ports of entry to perform chemical tests upon drivers if the INS has reasonable grounds to believe that a driver is dangerous because of a drug or alcohol in the driver's body.  If the individual refuses to submit to such a test, the bill requires the Attorney General to notify the driver's State or foreign state of the driver's refusal to submit to the test. The Attorney General is also required to notify the driver's government of a conviction of the driver for impaired driving. The bill requires the Attorney General to issue regulations authorizing INS officers and employees to impound a vehicle if the driver refuses to submit to a chemical or other test.  Finally, the Attorney General is required to post a notice that operation of a motor vehicle with drugs or alcohol in the driver's body at a land border port of entry is a Federal offense. This bill will help prevent drunk driving and impaired driving tragedies in border areas, and I urge a ``yes'' vote on it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  