Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce) says this bill is a two on a scale of 10. If this bill is a two, then the Senate bill is a one, because in most cases the penalties in this bill are double the penalties in the bill passed by the other body. And this bill creates two new crimes that were not created in the bill that was passed by the other body.  Secondly, at least on the Committee on the Judiciary side, the majority and minority staffs worked together beginning on Friday of last week on the provisions of this bill, which was the day after the agreement was reached in the other body on the provisions contained in their bill. And there are at least four provisions in this bill that are patterned after provisions in similar legislation offered by my friend from Michigan (Mr. Conyers) H.R. 4098.  They are higher-maximum penalties for wire and mail fraud; an amendment to the Federal sentencing guidelines which pertain in cases where there is actual destruction or fabrication of evidence; and in fraud cases where a large number of victims are involved, the debt is nondischargeable, and bankruptcy, if incurred in violation of securities fraud laws; and, fourthly, tampering with records and otherwise impeding with official proceedings. There the language is a little bit different, but the thrust between the Conyers bill and this bill are the same.  Now the other complaint that I have heard from both the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce) is that we are speeding too fast on this bill. Well, I pulled up out of the records what the minority leader, Mr. Gephardt, had to say last week. On July 9,the gentleman from Missouri said, ``Now is the time to apply this lesson to corporate reform and go beyond the rhetoric and actually pass strong legislation to protect Americans and to improve cooperate responsibility and accountability.''  Then the next day the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Gephardt), the minority leader said, ``Americans need financial reforms that are black and white. If we continue to practice corporate accounting in shades of gray, our economy will suffer. Failing to take action is not an option. We must take bipartisan action to correct these problems now.'' July 10.  Now, sometimes we are accused of being too partisan around here. We have listened to what the minority leader has to say. He wanted action taken now, and we are taking action now.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  