Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Since September 11, we have learned how deeply vulnerable our immigration system is to exploitation by aliens who wish to harm Americans. H.R. 1885 contains House-passed language of H.R. 3525 that makes needed changes to our immigration laws to fight terrorism and to prevent such exploitation. It has strong bipartisan support in the other body. The House has already passed the core of this legislation by wide margins. On May 21, 2001, the House passed a 245(i) extension by a vote of 336 to 43. On December 19, 2001, the House passed the Enhanced Border Security and Visa Entry Reform Act by voice vote.  I will outline some of this bill's most significant provisions. Most importantly, by October 2003, the legislation requires the Attorney General and Secretary of State to issue machine-readable, tamper-resistant visas that use standardized biometric identifiers. This will serve a number of important goals. First, it will allow INS inspectors at ports of entry to determine whether a visa properly identifies a visa holder and thus combat identity fraud. Second, it will make visas harder to counterfeit. Third, in conjunction with the installation of scanners at ports of entry to read the visas, the INS can track the arrival and departure of aliens and generate a reliable measure of aliens who overstay their visas. As we have all learned, some of the September 11 terrorists were staying in the United States on expired visas.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1885 extends the same biometric identifier requirements to passports from visa-waiver program countries. The necessity for this was demonstrated when our military found blank European passports in abandoned al Qaeda caves in Afghanistan. We must ensure that passports presented to the INS inspectors are not counterfeit, altered, or being used by imposters.  The bill thus requires that aliens seeking to enter the United States under the visa-waiver program with passports issued after October of 2003 must possess tamper-resistant, machine-readable passports with the same biometric identifiers as our visas.  The bill also requires that within 72 hours after notification by a foreign government of a stolen passport, the Attorney General shall identify its identification number into a data system accessible to INS inspectors at ports of entry. In addition, the Secretary of State and Attorney General shall consider, in deciding whether to keep a country in the visa-waiver program, whether its government reports to us on a timely basis the theft of its blank passports.  Building upon the enhanced data-sharing requirements of the USA Patriot Act, the bill directs our law enforcement agencies and intelligence community to share information with the State Department and the INS relevant to the admissibility and deportability of aliens. This information will be made available in an electronic database which will be searchable based on the linguistically sensitive algorithms that account for variations in name spellings and transliterations. This will result in lookout lists that are much more thorough and prevent terrorists who threaten our Nation from obtaining U.S. visas or entering our country.  As the Border Patrol succeeds in controlling the border, more aliens take a chance at penetrating the ports of entry, placing an ever-increasing strain on the limited staff of INS inspectors. Likewise, INS investigations units have long been denied adequate personnel. The bill helps fill these critical gaps. It authorizes appropriations to hire at least 200 full-time inspectors and at least 200 full-time investigators each year through fiscal year 2006.  Another long-standing problem at the INS is the low pay for Border Patrol agents and INS inspectors. This has led many trained Border Patrol agents and inspectors to leave the INS for other law enforcement agencies offering better pay, such as the air marshals. Something is wrong when former Border Patrol agents make up 75 percent of the first air marshals class. This bill authorizes appropriations to increase the pay of Border Patrol agents and inspectors in order to help the INS retain its best people.  The bill provides that aliens from countries that sponsor international terrorism cannot receive nonimmigrant visas until it has been determined that they do not pose a threat to the safety of Americans or the national security of the U.S.  Mr. Speaker, U.S. embassies and consulates abroad will be required to establish terrorist lookout committees that meet monthly in order to ensure that the names of known terrorists are routinely and consistently brought to the attention of consular officials, America's first line of defense.  With the same goal in mind, the bill requires that all consular officers responsible for adjudicating visa petitions receive specialized training and effective screening of visa applicants who pose a potential threat to the safety and security of the United States.  The bill strengthens the foreign student tracking system by requiring that it track the acceptance of aliens by educational institutions, the issuance of visas to the aliens, and then admission into the United States of the aliens, the notification of education institutions of the admission of aliensslated to attend them, and the enrollment of the aliens at the institutions. No longer will terrorists be able to enter the U.S. on student visas with the INS never knowing that they failed to show up at school.  The bill requires that each commercial vessel or aircraft arriving in the U.S. provide, prior to arrival at the port of entry, manifest information about each passenger and crew member. Starting in 2003, the information will have to be provided electronically. Prearrival of manifests allow much of the INS's screening work to be done before arrival. This not only speeds processing for arriving passengers, but gives INS inspectors more time to conduct background checks on and to interview passengers.  Finally, the bill requires the President to conduct a study of the feasibility of establishing a North American National Security Program to enhance the mutual security and safety of the United States, Canada, and Mexico.  Finally, H.R. 1885 contains a compromise reached with the other body on the future of section 245(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. No one will be entirely satisfied with this compromise; however, it reflects a judicious balancing of the many divergent and deeply held views Members hold on 245(i).  When Congress passed the LIFE Act in December 2000, we made a promise to give U.S. citizens and permanent residents at least 4 months time to file immigrant visa petitions for their relatives using section 245(i). This promise was not fulfilled because the INS was typically unable to issue implementing regulations until March 2001.  Mr. Speaker, this bill will allow qualifying illegal aliens to unify section 245(i) as long as they have had green card petitions filed on their behalf by the earlier of November 30, 2002, or 4 months after the date the Attorney General issues implementing regulations. It also requires that aliens must have entered into the family relationships qualifying them for permanent residence by August 14, 2001. With this compromise, we have signaled that 245(i) will not become a permanent part of our immigration law and that aliens should not base their future actions on the assumption that it will be. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  