Speaker, I rise in strong support of this rule and appreciate the consideration the Rules Committee has given the Judiciary Committee. This Rule recognizes the Judiciary Committee's important and historic role with regard to telecommunications policy, particularly as it relates to issues involving competition, by providing 20 minutes of general debate equally divided between myself and the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee.  Upon adoption of this rule, two amendments negotiated between myself and ChairmanTauzin will be incorporated into this legislation. These amendments, which will significantly improve the bill, are the result of spirited negotiations that the Speaker requested we undertake. Although the negotiations were at times difficult, both sides worked in good faith to reach a final compromise which helped pave the way for today's floor consideration.  The first amendment provides that, not less than 30 days before offering interLATA high speed data service or Internet backbone service in an in region State, a Bell operating company shall submit to the Attorney General a statement expressing the intention to commence providing such service, providing a description of the service to be offered, and identifying the geographic region in which the service will be offered. This statement shall not be made public except as may be relevant to any administrative or judicial proceeding.  This amendment is important because of the long and checkered antitrust history of the telecommunications market. H.R. 1542 would eliminate the need to go through a regulatory process in deploying broadband, as the RBOCs will continue to be required to do for telephone services, and this amendment mandates that the antitrust enforcers at the Department of Justice will get 30 days notice before such service is offered.  The second amendment provides that the savings clause found in section 601(b) of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 shall be interpreted to mean that the antitrust laws are not repealed by, not precluded by, not diminished by, and not incompatible with the Communications Act of 1934, this Act, or any law amended by either such Act. This amendment, a version of which was adopted by the Judiciary Committee, is a response to concerns raised about any conflicting, confusing, or contradictory language found in the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals opinion in Goldwasser v. Ameritech Corp., 222 F. 3d 390 (7th Cir. 2000). In Goldwasser, the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals construed the savings clause found in section 601(b)(1) (47 U.S.C. Sec. 152 note) of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (P.L. No. 104-104, 110 Stat. 56).  Mr. Speaker, many Members have labored on these issues and I appreciate their work, particularly the efforts of Chairman Tauzin. I support the rule and yield back the balance of my time.  