Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment because it confuses discovery orders with factual evidence and appears to give the court discretion to admit unproven facts into evidence. This not only undermines the bill but it undermines the very notion of a fair trial that our judicial system is based upon.  There are rules for a fair trial: the right to confront your accuser, a right to a jury in some instances, and a rule that allows both sides to discover information. But there is no precedent in the American legal system for a court to have the authority to simply decide facts without proof. The amendment of the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters) proposes to do that.  The gentlewoman's amendment strikes at the heart of so many constitutional protections intended to protect the rights of all Americans when they are brought before the court, and it sticks the thumb on the scale of justice against those rights that have been protected both by court rules and statutes, as well as the Constitution of the United States.  For that reason, and for that reason alone, it ought to be rejected. But I would like to talk about two things. The other side keeps on talking about Enron, and we will confront that directly. Enron is broke. No matter what comes out of the bankruptcy court, the people that have lost money in their 401(k)s and had employment contracts ripped up and all of that are not going to get very much money out of it. I think that is a given. And that is a shame, and it is something that we are going to have to get into in another forum. But the law is quite clear that the destruction of subpoenaed documents is a criminal obstruction of justice, and this bill does not change that criminal statute. This bill does not deal with the criminal law in any respect whatsoever.  If people did do that destroying of documents, as we have read that they did, they should be indicted and prosecuted. And if the jury finds them guilty, they should go to jail and they should go to jail for a long time. But I think they deserve a fair trial just like everybody else who is accused of a crime. Because they happen to be associated with Enron or Arthur Andersen really should not make any difference. Because if we erode the right of a fair trial to those defendants, we have set a precedent that is going to bite the people of this country and this Congress for years and years to come. The way to keep the lid on Pandora's box is to reject the amendment of the gentlewoman from California.  Now, the second thing I would like to bring up is let us run the wheel back about 3\1/2\ or 4 years. There were certain e-mails in the Clinton White House that were destroyed after having been subpoenaed by the Committee on Government Reform. Now, under the amendment of the gentlewoman from California, whatever the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Burton), the chairman of the Committee on Government Reform, thought he was looking for would have been admitted as evidence and as fact and could not be impeached, even though the destroyed e-mails might have had nothing to do with what he put in his subpoena. That is the type of Pandora's box that this misdrafted amendment is opening up.  And I think my friends on the other side of the aisle, including the gentlewoman from California and the gentleman from Michigan, who were mosteloquent in their defense of the former President, regardless of what the facts were, would have really talked about how unfair a Waters provision would have been relating to those destroyed e-mails. So I think that if it would have been bad as it applied to former President Clinton, it is bad if it applies to Enron or anybody else. We should not open up the Pandora's box.  Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Cannon).  