Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, our society has become technologically dependent. Computers and related technologies have improved every aspect of our lives, our health care, our education, and our security. Unfortunately, this same technology has also facilitated terrorist and criminal activity alike. At the stroke of a key, someone can cause millions of dollars of damage to our economy as well as threaten our national security and the public's safety.  This threat is not new; but after the September 11 attacks, the risks are greater. Even prior to the attacks, the Committee on the Judiciary's Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland Security was working on legislation to improve Federal law to protect the Nation from cybercrime and cyberterrorism.  Last summer, the subcommittee held three hearings on the growing threat of cybercrime and cyberterrorism. Those hearings highlighted the fact that cybercrime knows no borders or restraints and can substantially harm the American people and our economy.  The law enforcement officials and private industry representatives at the hearings agreed that better coordination, cooperation and information-sharing were needed as well as stronger penalties for cyberattacks.  The U.S.A. PATRIOT Act, which the Committee on the Judiciary adopted much of H.R. 2915, an earlier cybersecurity bill introduced by the gentleman from Texas (Chairman Smith), and began to improve the Nation's cybersecurity, this bill, the Cyber Security Enhancement Act of 2002, continues that work.  The bill strengthens penalties to better reflect the seriousness of cyberattacks, assists State and local law enforcement through better grant management, accountability and dissemination of technical advice and information, helps protect the Nation's critical infrastructure, and enhances privacy protections.  On May 8, the Committee on the Judiciary reported this bill favorably by voice vote. The bill as introduced and reported out of committee contained an authorization for the National Infrastructure Protection Center within the Department of Justice.  Since that time, it appears that the center will be transferred out of the Department of Justice into the new Department of Homeland Security proposed in H.R. 5005. Accordingly, the committee has removed that authorization to be consistent with H.R. 5005 in this amended version of H.R. 3482. The bill also contains a few technical changes as well.  H.R. 3482, the Cyber Security Enhancement Act of 2002, is designed to increase the cybersecurity of our Nation against criminal and terrorist attacks. As one of the most technologically advanced nations in the world, we must deal with a new vulnerability, the interconnectedness of our Nation's economy and national security. I urge Members to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  