Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1877, the Child Sex Crimes Wiretapping Act of 2002, will help protect our children from the growing threat of sexual predators by assisting law enforcement officers in thwarting those predators who are intent on sexually abusing children. To do so, the bill amends title 18, United States Code, section 2516 to authorize the interception of wire, oral, or electronic communications in the investigation of: (1) the selling and buying of a child for sexual exploitation under title 18, United States Code, section 2251A; (2) child pornography under title 18, United States Code, section 2252A; (3) the coercion and enticement to engage in prostitution or other illegal sexual activity under title 18, United States Code, section 2422; and (4) the transportation of a minor or traveling to meet a minor with intent to engage in a sexual act with the minor under title 18, United States Code, section 2423.  Technology has precipitated a significant increase in sexual exploitation crimes against children. In fact, child pornography was nearly extinct until the increased use of the Internet provided a new medium where the viewers, producers and traders are virtually anonymous. The Internet provided these depraved individuals with new access to their victims. In 2000, a U.S. Customs Service representative testified before the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Homeland Security of the Committee on Judiciary that the Customs Service had seen a dramatic rise in child exploitation investigations. During fiscal year 1999, these types of investigations increased 36 percent, and in 2000 the number rose an alarming 81 percent.  Additionally, the growth of international travel has helped sexual predators to exploit children throughout the world. According to a 2002 Congressional Research Service report, trafficking in people, especially women and children, for prostitution and forced labor is one of the fastest growing areas of international criminal activity. According to that report, under conservative estimates the scope of the problem involves more than 700,000 victims per year worldwide. We must do more to prevent children and women from being forced into prostitution, the sex tourism industry, and other sexually exploitative criminal markets.  The goal of H.R. 1877 is to provide law enforcement with the tools necessary to prevent the ultimate harm these depraved individuals plan for the innocent children they target. Wiretaps are key to stopping those crimes before the predators can physically harm children. I urge my colleagues to support the bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  