Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4858 extends authority for a visa-requirement waiver that permits certain foreign medical doctors to practice medicine in underserved areas without first leaving the United States. The bill also increases the number of foreign residence waivers from 20 per State to 30 per State.  Aliens who attend medical school in the United States on ``J'' visas are required to leave the United States after graduating to reside abroad for 2 years before they may practice medicine in the United States. The intent behind this policy is to encourage American-trained foreign doctors to return home to improve health conditions and advance the medical profession in their native countries.  In 1994, the Congress created a waiver of the 2-year foreign residence requirement for foreign doctors who commit to practicing medicine for no less than 3 years in the geographic area or areas, either rural or urban, which are designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services as having a shortage of health care professionals. The waiver limited the number of foreign doctors to 20 per State so that underserved areas in all States receive doctors. The original waiver was set to expire on June 1, 1996. The Congress extended the waiver to June 1, 2002.  States with underserved medical areas worry that health facilities in such areas will have to close down if the authority for these medical waivers is not extended. The States have also requested additional waivers so that they have more doctors to help keep their clinics open.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4858 increases the numerical limitation on waivers requested by States from 20 per State per year to 30 per State per year. It also extends the deadline for the authorization of the waiver to June 1, 2004. The bill retroactively takes effect May 31, 2002, prior to the waiver's expiration.  I urge my colleagues to support this bill so that urgently needed doctors may continue to practice medicine in areas that are in critical need of medical care.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  