Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, if the civil and criminal law did not provide for sanctions against those who deliberately destroy documents, I believe that the arguments of the gentlewoman from Texas would be valid. But they do. Adopting the amendment that she proposes will simply allow the trial lawyers to have another tool to game the system and to prevent the removal of cases that really should be removed as a result of the changes in the diversity of citizenship requirements that are contained in this bill.  Let me point out that in many instances, the destruction of subpoenaeddocuments is a criminal obstruction of justice. The gentlewoman from Texas keeps on bringing up the case of Enron. There is a criminal investigation going on whether Enron and Arthur Andersen and other people who are involved in this obstructed justice by altering or destroying documents. I hope that that investigation is thorough, and, if there is probable cause to believe that such misconduct happened, that the Justice Department will seek indictment, prosecute those who are responsible, the jury will convict them, and I hope that the judge sentences them to jail for a long, long time, because destroying documents that are needed to fairly administer justice is something that cannot be tolerated, and it goes to the very heart of the ability of the courts to fairly mete out justice. We wish the gentlewoman were on the other side when we were talking about that when President Clinton was accused of destroying documents a few years ago.  But on the civil side, there are plenty of sanctions that can be imposed by a court if discovery is being thwarted, up to and including the court ordering a default judgment entered against a defendant that destroys documents and completely obstructs the discovery that the Federal Rules of civil procedure allow.  Mr. Chairman, I will tell you what will happen if the Jackson-Lee amendment becomes a part of this bill and the bill becomes law, and that is there will be repeated allegations of misconduct through the destruction of documents. When an allegation is made, the court is going to have to hold a hearing on it and take testimony and make a determination on whether removal can be thwarted because of the provision of the Jackson-Lee amendment. As a result, it ends up being tried in the State court, because the Federal court will not be able to determine whether or not a case is removable.  Now, that is ridiculous. If this type of amendment was put into law, if there was a civil action filed alleging a civil rights violation in a State court with a redneck judge anywhere in the country, this game could be played to prevent the Federal court from getting jurisdiction over it, and that would be equally ridiculous in terms of thwarting the administration of justice.  Now, this bill, in section 1716(C)(2), provides that discovery should not proceed while a motion to dismiss an action is pending and also during appeals from class certification rulings.  But the bill flatly states that in these circumstances, discovery shall proceed where necessary to preserve evidence and to prevent undue prejudice. Thus the bill anticipates and deals with document destruction risk and gives the Federal court the authority to prevent documents that are necessary to find out what the true facts are from being altered or mutilated or destroyed.  According to the Manual for Complex Litigation, third edition, courts normally issue orders requiring the preservation of documents at the outset of litigation of such cases. Thus any document-destruction risk is addressed by such orders. So we do not need additional laws, civil laws, statutory laws or criminal laws, to protect against the destruction and mutilation of documents.  The amendment of the gentlewoman from Texas merely gives the trial lawyers' bar another tool to game the system. It is unnecessary because of the other provisions of law and rule that I stated and should be rejected.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  