Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I have a lengthy statement which I shall put into the Record; but, basically, this bill reenacts and extends chapter 12 of the bankruptcy code, which is a specialized form of bankruptcy relief for family farmers, for a period of 6 months from January 1, 2003 until July 1, 2003.  Currently, chapter 12 expires on January 1 of next year. There is a permanent extension and recodification of chapter 12 and the conference report on H.R. 333, the bankruptcy reform legislation which the conferees have agreed on, but which have not been scheduled for House consideration, it is my hope that the House and the Senate will pass this conference report before adjournment; but, since we do not know when adjournment will be, and since we do not know whether there will be a lame duck session, this is an essential safety valve to keep chapter 12 in place should, for any reason whatsoever, the bankruptcy conference report fail enactment during the current Congress.  So I would urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5472.  This bill reenacts and extends Chapter 12 of the Bankruptcy Code--a specialized form of bankruptcy relief for family farmers--for a period of six months, from January 1, 2003 until July 1, 2003. This extension is necessary in light of the pending expiration of Chapter 12--due to occur on January 1st of next year.  Chapter 12 was enacted on a temporary basis in 1986 in response to the financial upheaval farmers were facing at that time. Owing to the continued volatility of the agricultural market, Chapter 12 has been extended on several occasions over the years. The most recent extension was enacted as part of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, which became law last May.  Without question, family farmers play a critical role in our nation's health and economic well-being. Unfortunately, recurrent bad weather, rising energy costs, unpredictable market conditions, and competition from large agribusinesses and overseas producers are just some of the economic forces experienced by family farmers across our nation.  Chapter 12 addresses the special needs of family farmers by giving them the tools, under the protection of bankruptcy, to facilitate their financial rehabilitation. On the other hand, Chapter 12 is utilized infrequently. While total bankruptcy filings in each of the past six years surpassed more than one million cases, the number of Chapter 12 cases exceeded one thousand on only one occasion and that was back in 1996. In the absence of Chapter 12, family farmers may apply for relief under the Bankruptcy Code's other alternatives, although these generally do not work quite as well for farmers as Chapter 12.  Nevertheless, Chapter 12 is important for family farmers and--to his great credit--my colleague from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (Mr. Gekas) should be commended for his leadership and unwavering efforts over the years to make this form of bankruptcy relief a permanent component of the Bankruptcy Code. As you know, the conference report on H.R. 333, the ``Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act,'' would not only make Chapter 12 permanent, but amend the current law to include many other significant farmer-friendly provisions. These provisions include the following.  First, H.R. 333 would increase the debt eligibility maximum and require this cap to be automatically adjusted for inflation on a periodic basis. In addition, H.R. 333 would lower the income percentage limit so that more family farmers will be able to file for Chapter 12 relief.  Second, H.R. 333 gives farmers more protections with respect to how they may treat the claims of creditors.  For example, it allows certain tax claims to be reclassified in order to free up assets so that they can be sold. This will enhance a farmer's ability to propose a plan of repayment to creditors and help the farmer better effectuate his or her financial ``fresh start.''  Third, H.R. 333 prohibits a farmer from being required, under a modified plan of reorganization, to make payments that would leave the farmer with insufficient funds to maintain the farm's operations after all payments under the modified plan are made.  In addition, H.R. 333--for the first time in the history of Chapter 12--would allow certain family fishermen to be eligible for this special form of bankruptcy relief.  I ask all of you who say they support Chapter 12 and family farmers to put your words into action and support final passage of the conference report on H.R. 333.  H.R. 5472 is good for family farmers because it ensures Chapter 12 will be available in the upcoming months while we continue our efforts to complete consideration of the bankruptcy conference report, which will provide even more protections for family farmers when enacted.  Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5472.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  