Speaker, I rise today with the whole of my delegation to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the great state of California joining the United States of America. As the 31st state to join the union, nobody at the time could have predicted the incredible breadth of agriculture, business, military prowess or diversity that California would and continues to contribute to the nation.  My own small corner of California, anything but small really, encompasses western Riverside County, including the cities of Riverside, Corona, Norco, Lake Elsinore and Murrieta. In fact, Riverside County is the fourth largest county in the state, stretching nearly 200 miles across and comprising over 7,200 square miles of fertile river valleys, low deserts, mountains, foothills and rolling plains. Between 1980 and 1990, the number of residents grew by over 76%, making Riverside the fastest-growing County in California. By 1992, the County was ``home'' to over 1.3 million residents--more than the entire population of 13 states, among them Maine, Nevada, Hawaii and New Hampshire.  Of course I would be lax in my position as the Representative to the 43rd Congressional District if I did not add that it is also the most impressive district in California. Founded in 1870 by John W. North and the Southern California Colony Association, the City of Riverside took off and has never looked back. In its infancy Riverside became known for its many citrus groves, palm lined avenues and wide array of subtropical shade. The region became famous for its citrus and horticultural industries that over time gave way to military and industrial growth, and education.  In fact, in 1907, Riverside became the home to the University of California Citrus Experiment Station, sponsoring wide-ranging research that greatly benefited agriculture in the region. The site was established as a campus of the University of California fewer than 50 years later in 1954. Today, the University of California at Riverside has earned a reputation as one of the pre-eminent teaching and research institutes in the world.  Agriculture continues to be a cornerstone of UC Riverside as California continues as the nation's top agriculture state, a position it has held for more than 50 years. From Humboldt County in the north to Imperial County in the South, California agriculture is a blend of valleys, foothills, coastal areas and deserts where a bounty of superior agricultural products unmatched anywhere in the world grow.  My home district also offers up its beautiful architecture to those who visit. Its ``Mediterranean image'' derives from the many examples of fine architecture in the California Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial styles that grace its landscape. The best known example being the Historic Mission Inn, in the City of Riverside, which was built between 1902 and 1932 by Frank A. Miller and his partner Henry Huntington. Bette Davis and Humphrey Bogart were married there. Teddy Roosevelt was its first Presidential guest. Richard and Pat Nixon exchanged wedding vows at the Inn. Ronald and Nancy Reagan began their honeymoon in its Presidential Suite.  Mr. Speaker, the 43rd District has obviously seen rapid growth and change over the past 150 years. We are proud to join our other friends across California in celebrating our great fortune and success as a State. California is guaranteed to continue as cornerstone of agriculture, education and industry in the next 150 years to come. Happy Birthday California!  