Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Valencia, California, for putting together this special order for our good friend, Ron Packard; and I say that very sincerely.  I do not know if the gentleman remembers, but in 1982 we both ran for Congress in Republican primaries, and, something we have in common, we both lost. I lost my Republican primary, but Ron went on to win a very substantial victory in a write-in campaign.  That has only happened four times in the history of the United States House of Representatives, which shows how popular and well loved he is in his district. I know that for a fact, because our districts adjoin each other in the Temecula-Marrietta areas of our district. And every year we would get together for the last 8 years I have been in the House, and we would meet and have what they call the Ron and Ken show up there. And we would talk about issues that affect the Temecula-Marrietta Valley. I will miss that very much; and you need to come out, Ron, to celebrate those times.  On issues out in those areas, Pierce's Disease, which is devastating the vintners out there in that area, and avocados, that we just successfully concluded here shortly, those I am sure are issues you are very proud of in the local sense. But, obviously, on a national sense, the service that you have done for the Committee on Appropriations in all the various subcommittees, legislative branch, certainly military construction, where you have helped a lot of young families get better housing and a better place to live, to help retention in our military forces, something I am sure you are very proud of. And certainly the energy and water account in which you have done many things throughout the country, and happily in our own area, the Temecula-Marrietta area that has devastating floods, that we can finally move toward flood protection for the many people that live in that area and the property we would like to protect.  So Ron, it has been a privilege serving with you. I know that another thing that I do not know if a lot of people know, he is probably the finest golfer in the House. No doubt about it. He will be giving me at least a stroke a hole from now on. I really appreciate that.  I thank the gentleman for his service and look forward to many years to come of friendship.  Mr. McKEON. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. Baca), another golfer, a Member from the other side of the aisle, and also a neighbor and friend of Ron's.  