 Madam Speaker, I am pleased to have introduced H.R. 4187, along with the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Bono), the gentleman from California (Mr. Packard), the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Napolitano), the gentleman from California (Mr. Lewis), the gentleman from California (Mr. Gary Miller), the gentleman from California (Mr. Hunter), and the gentleman from California (Mr. Baca).  Madam Speaker, this legislation will assist in establishing the Western Archeology and Paleontology Center in the vicinity of Diamond Valley Lake in Southern California. This center will preserve, protect and make available the extraordinary discoveries that were uncovered during the construction of Diamond Valley Lake to all citizens of the United States. The University of California, Riverside, has been instrumental in developing this center; and I look forward to their continued leadership in the establishment and operation of the center. House report language calls for the Secretary of Interior to work with UCR, metropolitan water districts, and local shareholders in this effort.  During the past 10 years, the construction of Diamond Valley Lake outside of Hemet, California, has been the largest private earth-moving construction project in the United States. The reservoir is now the largest man-made lake in Southern California. It covers 4,500 acres, is 4\1/2\ miles long, 2 miles wide, and 250 feet deep. The cost of this was $2.1 million for construction, was totally borne by the residents of Southern California. The reservoir will provide a desperately needed emergency supply of water for the City of Los Angeles and the surrounding area.  During the construction and excavation of this massive project, extraordinary paleontology and archeologydiscoveries were uncovered. Unearthed were 365 prehistoric sites, pictographs, stone tools, bone tools and arrowheads. Also discovered were a preserved mastodon skeleton, a mammoth skeleton, a 7-foot tusk and bones from the extinct animals previously unknown to have resided in the area, including the giant long-horned bison and an enormous North American Lion.  The construction of Diamond Valley Lake unearthed the largest known accumulation of late Ice Age fossils known in California. The scientific importance of this collection may now rival California's other famed site, the La Brea Tar Pits.  The State of California is an active participant in this endeavor, having already contributed $6 million to the Western Center. Another $10.5 million has been included in this year's State budget for construction and maintenance of the center.  As for the Federal Government's role in this endeavor, first, 12,000 acres of land totaling about $40 million, have been bought and set aside by the Metropolitan Water District to comply with the Endangered Species Act, a Federal requirement.  Moreover, there is legislative precedent for Federal assistance to States for preservation. The National Historic Preservation Act set the stage for Federal, State and local partnerships. This act provides that the Federal government shall contribute to the preservation of non-federally owned prehistoric and historic resources and give maximum encouragement to organizations and individuals undertaking preservation by private means.  In addition, the Army Corps of Engineers, the Department of Defense, the Department of Interior, and the Department of Agriculture have uncovered prehistoric and historic artifacts and are being forced to store these artifacts and records in storage units, offices, basements or in substandard museums, which is unacceptable. I am pleased that we can use this unique opportunity to work together in a partnership with local, State and Federal interests to protect and preserve these assets for all Americans.  I would like to thank the gentleman from Alaska (Chairman Young) and the gentleman from Utah (Chairman Hansen) for their work on this bill.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  