Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, let me start out by saying that I fully support the Land and Water Conservation Fund. This fund is one of the most successful conservation programs in history. The Land and Water Conservation Fund has helped support everything from parks to playgrounds, wilderness to wetlands, open trails to open spaces.  Nevertheless, I want to ensure that landowners are not forced to sell their property and that all land owners are treated fairly in the process.  My amendment ensures that landowners are not forced to sell their property, and that all landowners are treated fairly in the process. CARA provides for $900 million to be appropriated annually for Land and Water Conservation Fund for the purposes of purchasing land. Private landowners are understandably nervous that such a huge sum of money available, their land may be easily condemned for public use.  My amendment helps alleviate these concerns by providing an effective check against overzealous agency acquisitions. With regard to the bill that we are looking at today, there is a loophole, not Federal ``willing seller'' portion. In its present form, the willing seller provision in the Federal portion of this bill allows acquisition of property if the owner is willing, or by an Act of Congress. By allowing for an Act of Congress, this bill creates a loophole through which Federal agencies could trample on the private property rights.  In addition, CARA contains no private property rights protection for funds funded to State and local governments.  Let me be clear, this amendment only applies to adverse condemnation or an unwillingly seller. Friendly condemnations, willing sellers, will be allowed.  Some argue that my amendment would infringe on States' rights by not allowing the State to condemn. Let me address this point for a moment. As we all know, the 10th amendment to the Constitution states ``powers not delegated to the Federal Government are reserved to the States''; however, the fifth amendment states that no private property shall be taken without just compensation. Clearly, our founding fathers directed the Federal Government to protect private property rights.  Mr. Chairman, I support allowing States the maximum amount of flexibility, whether we are talking about welfare or education or labor laws. I voted for the 1996 Welfare Reform law. I have cosponsored Dollars to the Classrooms, but, Mr. Chairman, the protection of private property rights is a distinct and clear Constitutional responsibility of the Federal Government.  No matter how noble the objective, we should not abdicate our constitutional responsibility to protect private property rights.  Further, this amendment applies only to funds provided to the State via the Land and Water Conservation Fund, a Federal fund. In addition, States will use this money to respond to Federal requirements, such as the Endangered Species Act.  Without my amendment, Federal agencies could coerce States and local governments to condemn property in order to satisfy Federal land acquisition laws.  Members should listen to the concerns of their constituents, especially their farmers, who are justifiably concerned that this bill will create an even bigger government. I cannot support a bill which does not take their concerns into account.  This amendment is straightforward. It goes to the core of the willing seller issue. It comes down to the fact that the government should not be able to force taxpaying citizens off their land, land that has sometimes been owned by generations of families.  I do not think anyone believes this should take place. My amendment goes a long way in preventing this from happening. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this amendment, which goes a long way in protecting rights of Americans.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote yes on my amendment. It is a vote to protect average Americans and maintain the sanctity of property private rights.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of his time.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. Does the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) seek the time in opposition?  