Speaker, I rise to offer H.R. 5110 that would designate the United States courthouse located in Riverside, California, as the ``George E. Brown, Jr. United States Courthouse.''  I was happy to sponsor this bill along with the gentleman from California (Mr. Jerry Lewis), the gentleman from California (Mr. Packard), the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Bono), the gentleman from California (Mr. Gary Miller), and the gentleman from California (Mr. Baca).  I could not have brought this bill forward as quickly as we have without the help of the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Chairman Shuster), and I certainly appreciate his help and consideration in this matter and certainly the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), the ranking member, for working to help our former colleague, Mr. George Brown, in his memory today.  I met George Brown with my father when I was 12 years old. From the start and throughout his career in Congress, George was really known as one of the last honest liberals, always voting his convictions and conscious.  In the House of Representatives, George served 18 terms as an unselfish public servant. He was the longest serving Member of the House or Senate in the history of California. I should know, he was my member of Congress when I was in high school.  Although George and I have may have disagreed on some things, on differing political philosophies and governing philosophy, my respects and admiration, as I know everyone here, ran deep. George was someone that really had strong convictions and was very certain to let us know what those convictions were. On many occasions he would do exactly that. We worked very closely together on issues that affected our area, the Inland Empire of California, which now is populated by over 3 million people; and George did that very ably.  So renaming this courthouse in my district, once in George's district by the way, he represented it for many years as he represented many years in the State of California as his district was moved around California, is more than deserving.  It is a small recognition for his leadership and his lifetime quest for social justice in our society. It will ensure that George will be remembered in the community that he loved and he worked for for so long.  So I know his widow, Marta, I am sure will be watching today and is grateful that this recognition is taking place. I am certainly grateful to my colleagues. And I know that my colleagues throughout the House today will stand with me in honor and remember George's work for the Inland Empire of California and the whole Nation.  