Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bill, H.R. 4965, a bill to extend the time period to file a complaint arising from the incident at the Hunts Point Terminal Market.  I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Condit) for introducing this legislation. I also would like to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Pombo), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Livestock and Horticulture for holding a hearing on the Hunts Point matter on July 27. I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Stenholm) for his assistance in bringing this bill to the floor.  On October 27, 1999, eight USDA produce inspectors and individuals from 13 wholesale firms were arrested at the Hunts Point Terminal Market and charged with bribery. These arrests were the result of a 3-year investigation by the USDA's Office of Inspector General. All total, Federal prosecutors were able to obtain convictions for nine USDA inspectors involved in this illegal activity, in addition to the charges filed against 14 wholesale firms.  The AMS inspectors were charged with accepting cash bribes in exchange for reducing the grade of the produce they inspected, which then allowed the wholesale company to purchase produce more cheaply at the expense of the farmer.  The Perishable Agriculture Commodities Act, PACA, enacted in 1930, governs the fair trade of fresh and frozen fruits and vegetables. PACA guidelines provide a mechanism to resolve commercial disputes that arise in the produce trade. PACA also establishes a code of business practices and enables USDA to penalize violations of these practices.  Mr. Speaker, all who believe they suffered from the financial damages as a result of the fraudulent inspection at the Hunts Point Market may seek to recover these damages by filing a PACA complaint. However, PACA guidelines require all claims be filed within 9 months of the incident. In this case, any party seeking damages from the Hunts Point incident would have had to file a claim by July 27, 2000.  Mr. Speaker, it is my understanding that the earliest any producer received a copy of the fraudulent inspection certificates was March 21 and some did not receive theirs until June 23. These certificates, along with other records, are necessary to establish the amount of damages. As my colleagues can see, many did not have adequate time to assemble the required documentation to file a claim by the deadline. H.R. 4965 extends the deadline for filing the PACA claim resulting from the Hunts Point incident to January 1, 2001.  This will provide farmers and others with a claim to gather the information they need to present a claim for compensation resulting from illegal inspection activities.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  