Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Bliley), chairman of the committee, for helping us bring this bill as rapidly as possible to the floor; and certainly it has been a pleasure working with him these last 8 years. I wish him well in his retirement.  I also want to say that this bill has been carefully crafted through the tireless work and effort of many individuals. This bill, H.R. 4281, the ICCVAM Authorization Act, enjoys support from an overwhelming coalition of companies and groups that span the political spectrum.  We have animal groups, chemical and pharmaceutical companies, industry associations, and the current administration among the bill's supporters. We have Republicans, Democrats that agree on the bill. Many people have worked and worked to ensure that this bill would receive a consensus agreement, and I am proud to say that we have a document here that has achieved that goal.  This legislation is a testament to what can be done when different groups come together for an important cause. This legislation reaches an important outcome, reducing the number of needless animal deaths and so much more. The legislation will save the American taxpayers money by ensuring a streamline approach to approval of toxicological test methods. It will save chemical and pharmaceutical companies thousands of dollars by eliminating duplicative, time-consuming and costly test method validation at several government agencies. Everyone wins with this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to close by thanking the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Bliley), chairman of the Committee on Commerce, once again; the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), the ranking member; the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), the chair of the Subcommittee on Health; and of course the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), who has also worked with me very hard from the beginning to make sure this bill becomes a reality today.  I encourage all of my colleagues to join in this effort and overwhelmingly pass H.R. 4281.  