. 3218, the Social Security Number Confidentiality Act of 1999.  First, though, I would like to thank the leadership for bringing the problem of personal privacy into the national arena, especially the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Shaw), chairman of the Subcommittee on Social Security of the Committee on Ways and Means, who presently has a more comprehensive bill before the House, for his long-time advocacy of personal information privacy.  H.R. 3218 is only a small step toward protecting all Americans from identity theft, and I look forward to working with the gentleman from Florida (Chairman Shaw) next year.  H.R. 3218 stops the Federal Government from making identity theft any easier for con artists. How? My bill prohibits the appearance of Social Security account numbers on or through unopened mailings of checks or other drafts issued by the Treasury Department.  This problem was brought to my attention by senior citizens in my district who revealed that their Social Security numbers appeared in the windowed part of their Social Security checks, making them easy targets to scam artists. Just remember the credit card scam that victimized military officers whose names, addresses, and Social Security numbers were printed in the Congressional Record.  Congress has since halted this practice. Is it not time that we take steps to ensure the safety and privacy for our senior citizens?  Just last month, the Treasury Department confirmed that Social Security numbers would no longer be visible through the windows of benefits checks, such as Social Security checks.  However, the need for this legislation still exists. Any future administration could, for the sake of time or efficiency, return to the practice of using Social Security numbers for positive identification. The banking industry's concern over efficiency has been addressed in my bill by leaving Social Security numbers on the benefit checks, just not in a place where it can be seen in a windowed envelope.  H.R. 3218 ensures that seniors are never again put at risk of having their Social Security numbers displayed in plain view where they are available for criminals and fraud. It will protect the privacy and confidentiality of our Social Security numbers.  Again, I would like to thank the leadership and the gentleman from Florida (Chairman Shaw) for bringing this bill to the floor for consideration.  