Speaker, it is not often in life that you get a second chance, but, today, we are here to offer the Senate a second chance, a second chance to stand up and say ``yes''--``yes'' to these American energy solutions that, indeed, will help create jobs and lower costs for American families.  Several of the bills included in today's package were advanced through our committee, Energy and Commerce, and many were bipartisan from the very start. It includes a solution to finally build the Keystone pipeline 6 years after the application went forward.  Here we are 6 years later from when the application was first submitted. We still don't have a pipeline, and folks are still out of work. It shouldn't take 6 years to approve a pipeline, and the President's continued political delays are simply unacceptable. That is why we are taking action to ensure that this does not happen again. We have got a solution today to bring certainty to the approval process for cross-border energy projects so that we don't have to endure another Keystone-like delay in the future.  As part of the Architecture of Abundance, we are also going to need to build more interstate natural gas pipelines. Last winter, millions of customers throughout the country suffered high heating bills, along with the cold temperatures, due to inadequate infrastructure. Today, we are voting on a solution to get those much-needed pipelines in the ground safely and quickly so that we can start delivering relief from those high energy bills.  We are also working to prevent energy prices from spiking even further with solutions to stop EPA's destructive new rules on powerplants and other energy-related rules that will lead only to higher prices and, yes, to fewer jobs. Everyone is affected by energy cost increases, but they also hurt the Nation's poor and the most vulnerable.  One of the easiest and most effective ways to save consumers money is through energy efficiency, which is why we are also advancing solutions that encourage the development and use of new efficient and renewable technologies--very important.  Finally, we have a solution to not only create energy jobs here at home but also to help our allies across the world by giving them access to our abundant natural gas supply. Just this morning, a few hours ago, we heard from the Ukrainian President about the urgent need for the U.S. to act and help weaken Russia's threat to the region. Every one of us was on his feet.  He said this:       You support a Nation, meaning the United States, that has      chosen freedom. In Ukraine, you don't have to build a      democracy; it already exists. You need to defend it.  That is what our LNG export bill does.  Many of America's energy solutions that we are voting on today are part of the package that received, yes, strong bipartisan support in the House, but Senate Leader Reid has failed to bring any of them to the floor for a vote.  