Speaker, I rise this afternoon in support of yet another very important health bill advanced by our Energy and Commerce Committee, H.R. 594, the Paul D. Wellstone Muscular Dystrophy Community Assistance, Research and Education Amendments of 2014, or the MD CARE Act. The bill again demonstrates the continued bipartisan achievements of our committee, and particularly of the Health Subcommittee which has a proven track record of getting solutions put into law that have a profound, positive effect on Americans all across the country.  Muscular dystrophy, it is a complex group of diseases that affects the mobility and life expectancy of so many Americans. Current treatments can alleviate symptoms of the muscular dystrophies like Duchenne and slow muscle deterioration, but there is no treatment to reverse it. It is very sad. Even with the progress made by researchers, obviously a lot of work remains.  This legislation is going to help us find the answers to these diseases. The bill ensures the continuation of critical research at the NIH and updates language in the Public Health Service Act to reflect the latest scientific advances. In addition, the Muscular Dystrophy Coordinating Committee of HHS is going to be strengthened to accelerate the understanding of the impact of muscular dystrophy on patients; and, more importantly, it is going to work to find ways to expedite the approval of emerging therapies that will hopefully some day lead to a cure.  I want to particularly thank Dr. Burgess and Eliot Engel for their leadership on this bill, and also Chairman Pitts and Ranking Members Waxman and Pallone.  I have to say that this is now the 62nd bill that our committee will have passed out of full committee that will pass on the House floor. We have than more a dozen bipartisan committee bills, public health bills that have already been signed into law. We hope this will be one of those as we advance this bill, as well as the Sunscreen Innovation Act, which we just passed a few minutes ago.  I know that this Congress can be remembered as the public health Congress, and I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation which passed by a voice vote unanimously in our committee. It sends a strong signalto those individuals and their families impacted by muscular dystrophy that Congress--yes, we are--is committed to finding a cure. We will find the resources to do this. This legislation is yet another step, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''  