Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Employee Health Care Protection Act, a bipartisan bill authored by our committee, particularly by Dr. Bill Cassidy as the prime sponsor, to protect the health care choices for literally millions of American workers.  Last fall, we learned the harsh reality that the President's oft-repeated promise that if you liked your health care plan you could keep it--you have heard that here today--was simply not true. Many were shocked to learn that their individual policies were being canceled because of the President's health care law. They didn't like that at all.  Sadly, the wave of canceled plans under the President's broken promise has not ended. The very backbone of America's health care system, employer-sponsored coverage, provides health care security to about 170 million American workers and family members. The President's health care law now threatens the health care plans of many of America's middle class workers who rely on employer-sponsored coverage. Many with employer-sponsored coverage will face the same plan cancelations that millions of Americans received with their individual policies last fall.  This legislation provides a thoughtful solution and relief from the President's broken promises. The bill before us simply allows America's small businesses and workers to choose from health care plans that were in effect in 2013. The bill would also allow other small businesses and workers to choose from more affordable group health care plans available before the President's health care law.  America's workers and families know their health care needs better than do Members of Congress or officials at the Department of HHS. This bill empowers Americans with more choices, the same choices that they were promised. If Americans like their health care plans, they should be able to keep them--period, end of story.  I am also pleased that, this week, the nonpartisan CBO confirmed that this bill would lower the deficit by more than $1 billion, provide more health plan options with lower premiums, and, yes, raise wages for American workers.  We have all heard firsthand of the struggles facing middle class American families because of the health care law. Tom Harmon, from my district, and the trusted workers at American Waste--in a little town called Union, Michigan--are seeing their health care premiums more than double. Sadly, their deductibles are much higher to boot, forcing them to deal with higher health care costs. Rather than make life easier, Washington, through this President's health care law, has, in fact, made life more expensive for Tom and the working families of American Waste in southwest Michigan.  In conclusion, I am proud to say that this bill, H.R. 3522, is a bill dedicated to helping workers across the country who are struggling with the costs and consequences of the President's health care law. I would urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support Dr. Cassidy's bill. America's workers deserve the chance to pick the health care plans that best suit their needs, not lose them.  