Speaker, I rise today in support of this very important bipartisan legislation to indeed help protect the public health. H.R. 4250, the Sunscreen Innovation Act, is just that.  The growing rate of skin cancer in the U.S., including melanoma, is indeed alarming. According to the American Cancer Society, more Americans are diagnosed with skin cancer every year than breast, prostate, lung, and colon cancer combined, and in 2015, this year, one in every 50 of our constituents is going to be diagnosed with melanoma. We have got to take every step that we can to combat this public health crisis.  Sadly, advancements in sunscreen have failed to keep pace with the increased awareness of the harm overexposure to the Sun can cause. The FDA has not approved a new nonprescription sunscreen ingredient for nearly 20 years, despite the fact that several applications have been pending at the agency for products that have been used safely and effectively in Europe and other parts of the world.  The review process that these products have to go through at the FDA is, quite simply, broken. It needs to be fixed, and that is what this legislation does.  I particularly want to commend the work that my good friend from the great State of Michigan (Mr. Dingell) and Mr. Whitfield and members of our entire committee, as this bill passed with unanimous support as we moved through the process. We wanted to come up with a solution to allow the FDA to fix the problem, and that is what this bill does.  The Sunscreen Innovation Act is going to address the current backlog of applications pending at the FDA, as well as establish a predictable and transparent review process for new applications, incorporating meaningful input from experts and the public.  The bill also establishes the number of timeframes for decisionmaking at the FDA and remove administrative hurdles identified by the FDA to the sunscreen approval process. More importantly, it is going to allow Americans to benefit from these products sooner, while ensuring that they are indeed safe and effective.  We have had great success in our Energy and Commerce Committee this Congress, with over a dozen public health bills that have already been signed into law, obviously all bipartisan, and I am confident that this commonsense bill which received, again, unanimous support at our committee will soon be part of our strong record of results.  In fact, I am told that this is the 61st bill that our committee has reportedout that will be approved on the House floor. That is a pretty good record of achievement.  This one really, like the others, has a real impact on all of our constituents. It gives the FDA the rightful tools, so that we can get to the bottom of the problem which impacts one in 50 Americans.  So, again, I want to compliment Mr. Dingell, Mr. Whitfield, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Waxman, and others for helping deliver this bill to the House floor, and I look forward to a strong vote--hopefully voice--in a few minutes.  