Rush. I will try to be brief.  I do want to put a statement in the Record from Mr. Camp who was here a little while ago and wanted to speak.  I just want to say, Mr. Dingell, Mr. Chairman is what we still call him. I have known him since 1977 when I came here as a staffer, and I have got to say that he treated me just as well as a staffer, which was great, as he has as a colleague and now, for me, as chairman of the committee.  We are the best of friends. We really are. There have been a lot of different issues that we have worked on, and he took me under his wing a lot of years ago, and we discovered too that, for me, it is better to have Dingell on our side than to be on a different side, but when he is on the other side, he is certainly a powerful adversary.  Our delegation in Michigan is pretty close. We are involved in so many different issues, jobs and the economy, particularly the auto sector is one of the things where John Dingell has really led and cared about.  As we know, he is the longest-serving Member of Congress ever in the history of this institution. He is cared about so well.  I can remember bringing over Congressional Records from years past and, as Joe Barton said, he served with some 2,500 Members here, actually going through the vote Journal on some of the big issues of the day, the Voting Rights Act and others, and actually talking about some of the Members and what they said on that particular day.  He was a fair chairman, always went by the rules, had a command of the issues, a brilliant staff, and their loyalty still exists today. Of course, the light of his life, the lovely Deborah, a great person who we know is going to be taking his place, serving those 700,000 people from southeast Michigan in the next Congress.  If you look back at his life, he has served his country from the first day through today, a World War II vet, something that he has always been so, so proud of, chairman of the most powerful committee here in the House.  In addition to all that, he has been a friend, a father, a husband, and a colleague whose word has always been his bond and who has defined the very utmost of what we would like this place to be. He is a great American.  Thank you, John Dingell.  