 I just want to assure both my friends from Texas that this is an issue that this body needs to deal with. We just had two votes in the last hour that were a pretty good indication that this body supports long-term storage of high-level nuclear waste.  It is an issue that we have seen linger in this Congress now, well, for the last number of decades. It needs to be resolved. I am one that believes, as you do, I think--I know--that the authorizing committee needs to deal with this forthwith; and I want to give the assurance to you and all of our colleagues that, as the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, I want to continue to work on this issue on a bipartisan basis.  For me, I have got two nuclear plants in my district. Both facilities, in fact, have run out of room in their pools. They are going to be storing it on-site.  We have got a number of sites around the country that are closed at this point, and they are needing to send their high-level nuclear waste to one safe place. That is what the Yucca Mountain bill did that we passed, that President Reagan signed into law back in the eighties.  There is a lot of discussion, particularly on the Senate side, on an interim storage site. I know that some States like Texas would very much like to participate in such a program. My concern with that approach is this, that I don't want to see that move without a permanent, full-time site like Yucca be left in the ditch, that, in fact, we might see, ultimately, the two combined.  That is not an approach that we are going to deal with on this appropriation bill but, rather, an authorization bill that certainly I would like to see happen. I know that the chairman of that subcommittee, Mr. Shimkus, is on board with, very much, the same thoughts. I would like to think that in the next Congress, when we have got some new faces perhaps on both sides of the House and the Senate, that we will be able to move a bipartisan bill to, in fact, deal with both long-term and short-term in terms of interim, and I look forward to being a party to try and get those two groups together.  So I would ask the two gentlemen from Texas, particularly you, Mr. Barton, if you would withdraw the amendment knowing that we will, in fact, deal with this on another day, not today.  Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.  The CHAIR. Does the gentleman from Idaho continue to reserve a point of order?  