Speaker, this bill, the Travel Promotion, Enhancement, and Modernization Act of 2014--yes, it is a very important bill that is going to increase jobs and boost the economy by promoting the U.S. as a world-class travel destination.  The bill reauthorizes Brand USA and increases program accountability and transparency, thanks in large part to the amendments and the regular process that we went through in committee.  In 2013, Brand USA generated an additional 1.1 million visitors to the U.S. and, as the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Terry) said, $3.4 billion in additional spending at U.S. businesses.  This increase in spending triggered the creation of more than 53,000 American jobs and $2.2 billion in payroll, so Brand USA delivers all those benefits to the U.S. economy at no cost to the American taxpayers--no cost.  Earlier this month in my district, I held a roundtable to discuss the benefits of tourism and how this program contributes to southwest Michigan's economy.  We had local legislators. We had chambers of commerce. We had tourism organizations. We had State officials. It was noted that in my district, in southwest Michigan, we had nearly $1 billion in spending in 2012, supporting over 9,300 jobs and $200 million in payroll annually just for tourists. There was $1 billion spent in southwest Michigan by tourists.  It was also noted that the reauthorization of this bill was their number one priority. It expires next year, and one of the commitments that I made was to see if we could move it in an expeditious manner to give the Senate a little time, so that it doesn't get caught up later on and we can just get it off our plate, knowing in fact that it was bipartisan from the get-go.  I applaud particularly the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), who is going to speak a little bit later, and his colleague from Vermont (Mr. Welch), who are both very good members on our committee, for their working together and their leadership to spearhead this bipartisan bill.  I was glad to see it pass on a recorded vote that was unanimous in subcommittee and in full committee as well, and I appreciate the leadership of the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Waxman) as we work through this bill and to really get it to the floor as quickly as we can.  These are jobs. This is not a cost to the American taxpayer. It ought to be something that we can pass on a pretty good vote this afternoon.  