Speaker, today, we continue our pursuit of a true all-of-the-above energy policy as the House considers H.R. 2126, the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act. I am very pleased that this bill combines four individual bipartisan proposals developed by members of the Energy and Commerce Committee.  Energy efficiency measures are some of the simplest and most affordable methods to address U.S. energy demand and lower costs, but significant energy efficiency opportunities and challenges certainly remain. This legislative package helps embrace these opportunities and meet many challenges to advance U.S. energy goals.  Using a voluntary, market-driven approach, this bipartisan legislation will help harness new technologies and support private sector innovation to develop more efficient ways of utilizing energy.  H.R. 2126 also seeks to improve Federal energy efficiency, a critical initiative, given that the Federal Government is the Nation's largest user of energy. Utilizing energy savings techniques can significantly reduce the amount of U.S. taxpayer dollars spent on Federal energy costs.  Mr. Speaker, when it comes to American energy, everything needs to be on the table: coal, nuclear, natural gas, hydro, wind, solar--you name it, and yes, improving energy efficiency is an important part of the all-of-the-above equation.  The passage of this important energy efficiency bill will help us as we continue to work together on a bipartisan basis in the coming months and years to tackle the many energy challenges facing the Nation. We have a lot of work to do.  Basically, what this bill does is takes four individual bills that we had. One was led by the really good work of Mr. Welch and Mr. McKinley to establish a Tenant Star program to voluntarily certify within Energy Star, which would promote energy efficiency.  It takes a Whitfield bill on grid-enabled water heaters. I commend Ms. Eshoo and Mike Rogers--again, a bipartisan combination--in adding more energy efficient savings technologies in a major way to help us.  It also takes a Castor bill on energy information for commercial buildings.  Together, many of us sat down with the then-chairman of the Senate Energy Committee, Mr. Wyden, about a year ago on things that we could work on together, and we have proved it with this legislation. These bills hadunanimous support within our committee. We worked together. Ultimately, it is going to help the American consumer and the Federal Government--again, the largest user of electricity--and shows we can get things done.  So we have Mr. Welch, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Whitfield, Mike Rogers, Ms. Castor, and also Mr. Waxman and his staff, too. I know that he wishes he was on the floor. Together, we really did get this thing worked out in a way that the American public would be certainly very proud of.  I know that we have lost Mr. Wyden. He has moved to another committee, but I would hope that a strong vote this afternoon would send a pretty good message to the Senate that in fact they can embrace these bills.  A week or two ago, the majority leader said something along the lines of he wanted to pick a number of issues we can work on together and get them out of the way and get them to the President's desk. These are pretty good bills. I would like to think that once we pass these, the new leadership there in the Senate Energy Committee could simply move these bills from the desk and get them to the President's desk in an expeditious way.  So I want to conclude by thanking my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for developing this legislation that in fact we are supporting. I would encourage all of my colleagues to stand up for an all-of-the-above energy policy and support passage of the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act.  