 Today we stand on the threshold of an accomplishment that for many years had seemed unachievable. We are here because of the tenacious leadership, advocacy, and courage of Senators John McCain and Russ Feingold. How well I remember, after being elected in 1996 and sworn in in early 1997, Senator Feingold coming and meeting with me. He had with him a pile of papers, everything I had ever said on the issue of campaign finance reform. So he knew well I had pledged to the people of Maine my determination to reform our campaign finance laws.  We talked, and I said to him: This sounds very good. How many other Republicans do you have on this bill?  He paused and he said: You mean other than John McCain?  I said: Yes.  He said: Well, there is Fred Thompson.  I was delighted to sign on as the third Republican to support the McCain-Feingold bill. I wish to pay tribute to my friend Russ Feingold for his persistence, for his attention to detail, and for never giving up the fight. He and Senator McCain are true heroes.  It is wonderful to be here today. The growth and support for campaign finance reform among members of my party underscores the importance of the legislation and the increasing realization that our campaign system was out of control. My home State of Maine has a deep commitment to preserving the integrity of the electoral process, to opening the doors to public office to many more citizens, and to ensuring that all Mainers, indeed all Americans, have an equal political voice.  In many communities in Maine, this is the season for town meetings, town meetings in which all citizens are invited to debate the issues with their neighbors and to make decisions. This is unvarnished, direct democracy. It is a tradition where those who have more money do not speak any louder or have any more clout than those who have less money. It is a tradition that has made Maine a State that values political participation from all of its citizens.  Maine's tradition of town meetings and equal participation rejects the notion that wealth dictates political discourse. Maine's citizens feel strongly about reforming the campaign finance system, as do I.  Soft money has become the conduit through which wealthy individuals, labor unions, and corporations have been able to evade the campaign contribution limits, as well as the ban on direct corporate and union contributions. The problem with soft money was painfully evident during the 1997 hearings held by my friend and colleague, Senator Fred Thompson, before the Committee on Governmental Affairs. We heard from individual after individual who testified about givinghundreds of thousands of dollars in order to buy access. One gave $325,000 to the Democratic National Committee in order to secure a picture with the President of the United States. Another was the infamous Roger Tamraz, who testified the $300,000 he donated to gain access to the White House was not enough and that next time he was prepared to double the amount he would give.  According to the Congressional Research Service, soft money donations nearly doubled in the 2000 election cycle, from $262 million in 1996 to $488 million in the year 2000. Other estimates set the explosion in soft money donations at even higher levels.  Just two Presidential elections ago, soft money contributions totaled $86 million. At the same time, during this period, regulated hard money donations, which all of us wish to encourage to get individuals more involved in the political process, grew by only about 10 percent.  The Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 has served our country well in many aspects, but the loopholes in the law have swallowed the rules themselves. If left unchecked, soft money threatens to swamp our campaign finance system, and that is why this legislation we are on the threshold of clearing today is so important.  I am also pleased the bill includes an amendment that Senator Wyden and I offered to raise the level of discourse in campaign ads. Our amendment requires that candidates be clearly identified when they or their authorized committees air negative advertising. When a candidate launches an ad that refers directly to an opponent, whether it is a high-minded discussion of policy differences or a vicious attack on an opponent's character, the candidate should be required to stand by his ad and not hide behind a committee that may not include the name of the candidate.  Our amendment requires the candidate to clearly identify himself or herself as the sponsor of the ad, thus putting an end to disingenuous stealth attack ads.  Finally, I pay tribute to a principled opponent of this legislation, Senator McConnell. We could not disagree more on the substance of this issue, but I respect his tenacity and the strength of his convictions.  The problems in our country campaign finance system are well known. Today, finally, at long last, due to Senator Russ Feingold and Senator John McCain, we are going to make tremendous progress. I am delighted to have been part of this fight. I am so pleased we are on the verge of sending this landmark legislation to the President of the United States for his signature.  