Can you explain the justification for this new provision?  Mr. McCAIN. The Senator is correct that section 318 was added in the House. It is an important provision, and the Senator from Wisconsin and I supported it being included in the bill.  Under the FEC's current regulations at 11 C.F.R. Sec.  110.1(i)(2), children under the age of 18 may make contributions to political candidates and committees as long as the child knowingly and voluntary makes the decision to contribute. In addition, the child must make the contribution out of his or her own funds, which the child is in control of, such as the proceeds of a trust or money in a savings account in the child's own name.  Unfortunately, notwithstanding these regulations, we believe that wealthy individuals are easily circumventing contribution limits to both political candidates and parties by directing their children's contributions. Indeed, the FEC in 1998 notified Congress of its difficulties in enforcing the current provision. Its legislative recommendations to Congress that year cited ``substantial evidence that minors are being used by their parents, or others, to circumvent the limits imposed on contributors.''  Accordingly, Section 318 of the bill prohibits individuals 17 years old or younger from making contributions or donations to and a candidate or a committee of a political party.  We believe it is appropriate for Congress to prohibit minors from contributing to campaigns because we agree with the Commission that there is substantial evidence that individuals are evading contribution limits by directing their children to make contributions. According to a Los Angeles Times study, individuals who listed their occupation as student contributed $7.5 million to candidates and parties between 1991 and 1998. Upon further investigation, some of these contributions where made by infants and toddlers. In another instance, the paper found that two high school sisters contributed $40,000 to the Democratic Party in 1998. When asked about the contribution, the high school sophomore answered that it was a ``family decision.''  We believe that this and other examples justify the prohibition on minor contributions that is included in the bill as a way to prevent evasion of the contribution limits in the law. In our view, this provision simply restores theintegrity of the individual contribution limits by preventing parents from funneling contributions through their children, many of whom are simply too young to make such contributions knowingly.  We recognize that many individuals under the age of 18 support candidates with great fervor and feel passionately about public issues. We do not mean to suggest that children should not be able to participate in the political system. They are free to volunteer on campaigns and express their views through speaking and writing. We simply believe that allowing them to contribute to candidates presents too great a risk of abuse, especially since the existing, more limited, FEC regulation has failed to prevent such abuse.  