President, I would like to thank Senator Reed for his comments. LIHEAP is a vital heating assistance program for low-income families with children, senior citizens and disabled individuals. My colleagues in the Northeast-Midwest Senate Coalition work tirelessly every year to increase funding for this program and to ensure that these resources get to those most in need.  There is a terrible reality some low-income households must face each winter, to heat or to eat. Imagine a hard working low-income family that cannot cover the costs of basic necessities in the winter having to ask: Do I heat my home or provide enough food for my children? Or, imagine being an elderly couple and living on a fixed income who has to decide: Do we pay the heating bill or do we buy medicine? In Maine, a majority of our low-income families use heating oil to stay warm. When there is no oil, there is no heat. LIHEAP is the program that keeps the heat on for these families.  My State of Maine had to lower this year's benefit by $100 in order to serve the 48,000 households that needed assistance. Over 60 percent of the recipient in my State are elderly living on a fixed income of only $10,000 a year. This year, 4,500 additional households applied for assistance. Many of these families needed help because they are unemployed and have exhausted unemployment benefits. While energy prices are lower this year, they are high for low-income Mainers. The average LIHEAP benefit of $338 per household pays for only a little more then one tank of fuel for these families. In Maine, the average annual cost to heat a home with oil is $1,200.  The LIHEAP program was enacted to respond to the higher fuel prices and severe winters in cold weather States. Its primary focus is to alleviate winter heating crises. Heating homes is expensive. According to the National Fuel Funds Network, at the end of the 2000/2001 winter heating season, at least 4.3 million low-income households were at risk of having their utility service cutoff because of an inability to pay their winter home energy bills. In the Northeast and Midwest, the cost to heat a home is more expensive than to cool a home in the south, and families have to spend a greater amount of their incomes on home heating. LIHEAP households in the Northeast and Midwest spend over $1,200 on residential energy. This is 14 percent of their household income in the Northeast and 18 percent in the Midwest. LIHEAP households spend over twice as much to heat their homes in the winter than it costs to cool a home in the south.  The current allocation formula acknowledges the important public health role this program serves in cold weather States. Since its enactment, Congress reaffirmed the commitment of this goal. The program has been reauthorized a number of times and Congress maintained its commitment to low-income families faced with high heating bills. It did this by ensuring that no State would receive less than it did when the program was enacted.  Low-income households will take drastic, and unsafe, measures to try to stay warm in winter when they are in jeopardy of losing heat. When home energy bills are unaffordable in winter, low-income households rely on alternative heating sources such as ovens or space heaters. The National Fire Protection Association reports that house fires show a sharp increase in the cold-weather months. Half of the home heating fires and three-fourths of the home heating fires deaths occurred in the months of December, January, and February. Not being able to afford utilities place low-income households at increased risk to house fires and illness or death.  We need to increase funding for this vital program. Thirty-seven of my colleagues joined Senator Reed and I in seeking increased appropriations for this program for fiscal year 2003. I look forward to working with Chairman Kennedy and Ranking Member Gregg on the HELP Committee on reauthorization of this important program.  