I believe that Congress has the responsibility to establish a new Department of Homeland Security this year, before we adjourn for we know that those wishing to do our nation harm will not wait for us to act.  The longer we delay, the longer we leave vulnerabilities in place, the longer we consciously rely upon a fragmented system to guard our homeland. While creating a new department in and of itself will not be sufficient to safeguard our homeland, it will bring much needed focus and coordination to the task.  In the year since the terrorist attack, much has been done to make our nation more secure. Congress has approved billions of dollars to secure our borders, protect critical infrastructure, train and equip first responders, and better detect and respond to biological or chemical attacks. Our brave men and women in uniform have fought valiantly in the war against terrorism and have secured important victories in Afghanistan.  The creation of the Department of the Homeland Security is the next step in our efforts to secure our nation against another terrorist attack. The task before us is daunting. This sweeping reorganization dwarfs any corporate merger. It involves some 170,000 employees and a budget of nearly $40 billion.  Despite the magnitude and challenge of the task, there should be no doubt about the need for this new cabinet department. Currently, as many as 100 Federal agencies are responsible for homeland security, but not one has homeland security as its primary mission. When that many entities are responsible, nobody is really accountable, and turf battles and bureaucratic disputes are inevitable.  If we are to overcome these problems and create a workable national security structure, then we must unite the current patchwork of governmental entities into a new Department of Homeland Security. The new agency will work to secure U.S. borders, ports, and critical infrastructure. It will synthesize and analyze intelligence from multiple sources, lessening the possibility of intelligence communication breakdowns. And it will coordinate security activities now undertaken separately by agencies like the Customs Service, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and the Immigration and Naturalization Service so that the resulting effort will be greater than the sum of its parts. The new Department for Homeland Security will help to remedy many of the current organizational weaknesses and to protect us against future attacks.  As a member of the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee, which held extensive hearings on the reorganization, I had the opportunity to consider carefully myriad ideas and concepts about the creation of the Department. We heard testimony from Governor Ridge, from Director Mueller of the FBI, from Director Tenet of the CIA, and from numerous other experts. They all shed light on the problems that have impaired our ability to defend our homeland, and on the threats that we now face and that will inevitably challenge us in the future.  While strongly supporting the creation of the Department, I believe that we also must protect the traditional roles of institutions and agencies thatare important to America's economic and social fabric. In particular, the Coast Guard's traditional functions--such as search and rescue and marine resource protection--must be maintained.  Since the attacks of September 11, the Coast Guard's focus has shifted to homeland security. The Coast Guard plays an essential role in homeland security, and I believe that it should play a leading role in the new Department. If, however, the current resource allocation is maintained, and the Coast Guard continues to assume new responsibilities, its traditional missions may be jeopardized.  Prior to September 11, port security accounted for approximately 2 percent of the Coast Guard's resources. Immediately following the terrorist attacks, the Coast Guard deployed 59 percent of its resources to port safety and security missions. As a result, many of the aircraft and vessels used for search and rescue were far removed from their optimal locations for search and rescue. Even after the immediate impact of September 11 attacks subsided, its impact on the resources of the Coast Guard remained. Indeed, the Coast Guard continues to devote fewer hours to its traditional functions than it did before 9/11.  Because of the Coast Guard's importance to coastal areas throughout our Nation, any reduction in its traditional functions is of great concern. Last year alone, the Coast Guard performed over 39,000 search and rescue missions and saved more than 4,000 lives. On a typical day, the Coast Guard saves 10 lives, interdicts 14 illegal immigrants, inspects and repairs 135 buoys, and helps more than 2,500 commercial ships navigate into and out of U.S. ports. In short, the Coast Guard's traditional missions are of vital importance and must be preserved.  Let me take a minute to talk about the Coast Guard's importance in my home State of Maine. Each year, the Coast Guard performs about 300 search and rescue missions in my State. These missions are literally a matter of life and death. Just a few weeks ago, the Coast Guard saved two Maine fishermen from their burning boat off the coast of Massachusetts after a 12 hour search.  Since October 1999, fourteen fishermen have lost their lives off the coast of Maine. Commercial fishing is one of the most dangerous of occupations. How many more fisherman or recreational boaters would have died or been injured if the nearest Coast Guard cutter were not in port? How many more will lose their lives if the local Coast Guard stations must devote the majority of their time to homeland security alone? I agree that the Coast Guard must perform homeland security functions. But it is critically important that it not do so at the expense of its traditional missions.  Senator Stevens and I addressed these concerns during the Governmental Affairs Committee's mark-up of the original homeland security bill. We offered a successful amendment to preserve the traditional functions of the Coast Guard.  The compromise bill ensures that the Coast Guard's non-homeland security functions will be maintained after its transfer into the new Department, and also provides for flexibility to ensure our national security. As our amendment provided, the compromise homeland security bill has the Commandant of the Coast Guard report directly to the Secretary of Homeland Security, thus ensuring direct access for the Commandant's views. The protections for the Coast Guard will help safeguard our coastal communities' economies, way of life, and loved ones, while Americans, wherever they live, can rest assured that the Coast Guard will perform its necessary and vital homeland security functions.  Similarly, I am pleased that the compromise bill incorporates a provision that Senator Levin and I proposed to create a Special Assistant position in the Secretary's office to promote public/private partnerships and to ensure that the business community has a place to go to ask questions, voice concerns, and provide feedback. It is important to bear in mind that our homeland security and economic security are closely linked, and that the failure of one jeopardizes the other. Our economic vitality makes us strong and capable of defending our nation against external and internal threats.  The issue of personnel and management flexibility, unfortunately, became the most controversial issue in this homeland security debate. The creation of the new Department will transfer approximately 170,000 current Government employees who are covered by a large number of different work rules, personnel systems, and labor agreements from other departments and agencies. Given the pressing importance of the new Department, and the vital functions it will perform, we need to grant the new Secretary appropriate but not unlimited authority to create a flexible, unified new personnel system that meets the Department's unique demands.  This legislation strikes the right balance. Initially, the Administration sought power for the Secretary to unilaterally modify all of the civil service laws which I opposed. The administration compromised and will have flexibility in only those areas it deemed vital to the Department's efficient functioning.  Also, I would note that there are many safeguards to prevent abuse of this authority that we are granting the Department, including a requirement I authored requiring that any changes made to the appeals rights of the Department's employees be made only to ``further the fair, efficient and expeditious resolution'' of workers' appeals. Additionally, any changes made will now be subject to mediation, unlike the Administration's initial proposal, which only called for notification.  As we create a new Department of Homeland Security, it is critically important that we remember those on the front lines of any emergency: our police, our firefighters, our EMS personnel. I am disappointed that the compromise bill fails to include important amendments that I offered with Senators Feingold and Carper, and that were adopted both in committee and on the Senate floor.  The compromise bill includes an Office for State and Local Government Coordination, but it lacks the provisions needed to ensure that the new Department coordinates and communicates adequately and efficiently with state and local first responders. Senators Feingold, Carper and I would have placed a Department liaison in each State, thereby enhancing the Department's ability to work effectively with first responders, who perform such a critical role in our homeland defense. In my role as chairman of the Governmental Affairs Committee, I plan next year to revisit this issue to ensure that the new Department and our first responders can work efficiently together not at cross purposes when emergencies arise.  The new Department of Homeland Security is an essential component of our response to current and future threats. As the brutal attacks of September 11th demonstrated, distance from our enemies and the barrier of oceans no longer suffice to protect our nation. The bill that we are considering today is an important step in making our homeland more secure.  I reserve any unused time for Senator Thompson.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Cantwell). The Senator from Connecticut.  