I hope by the time the end of next week comes along, we will have passed the tripartisan legislation to provide a prescription drug benefit under Medicare that is long overdue. I also hope we will pass the legislation to which we are about to proceed, and that is the Greater Access to Affordable Pharmaceuticals Act.  I commend my colleagues from New York and Arizona, Senator Schumer and Senator McCain, for their leadership and hard work in bringing this issue to the forefront. I was pleased to have had the opportunity to join with my colleague from North Carolina, Senator Edwards, in offering a compromise in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee last week where it was approved by a strong bipartisan vote.  I also acknowledge the hard work of our chairman, Senator Kennedy, and our ranking minority member, Senator Gregg, on this issue.  During the last 20 years, we have witnessed dramatic pharmaceutical breakthroughs that have helped to reduce deaths and disability from heart disease, cancer, diabetes, and many other diseases. As a consequence, people are living longer, healthier, and more productive lives. These medical miracles, however, often come with hefty pricetags, raising vexing questions about how patients, employers, and public and private health plans can continue to pay for them.  Prescription drug spending in the United States has soared by 92 percent during the past 5 years to almost $120 billion. These rising costs are particularly a burden for the millions of uninsured Americans as well as for those seniors on Medicare who lack prescription drug coverage. Many of these individuals are simply priced out of the market or forced to make decisions--that no one should have to make--between paying the bills or buying the pills that keep them healthy.  Skyrocketing prescription drug costs are also putting a squeeze on our Nation's employers. We are struggling in the face of double-digit annual premium increases to continue to provide health care coverage for their employees. I know from talking to the small businesses in my State, these escalating costs are a real problem for our smaller employers. They want to continue to provide health insurance coverage for their employees but they simply are finding it increasingly difficult to do so. If they pass on the higher health insurance costs to their employees, more and more of the workers deny coverage. They decline coverage because they cannot afford their share of the premium.  One of the key factors behind the escalating costs of health insurance is the high cost of prescription drugs. These high costs are also exacerbating the Medicaid funding crisis that we hear about from our Governors back home as they struggle to bridge the growing shortfalls in their State budgets.  The Presiding Officer and I have been working very hard on a proposal to increase the Federal match for Medicaid funding to help our Governors and our families, who are so dependent on these services, cope through this difficult time when States are struggling with budget shortfalls.  In 1984, the Hatch-Waxman Act made significant changes in our patent laws that were intended to encourage pharmaceutical companies to make the investments necessary to develop these miracle drugs. At the same time, the legislation was intended to enable their competitors to bring lower cost generic alternatives to the market. In large measure, the Hatch-Waxman Act succeeded.  Prior to Hatch-Waxman, it took 3 to 5 years for generics to enter the market after the brand name patent had expired. Today, lower cost generics often enter the market immediately upon the expiration of the patent. As a consequence, consumers are saving anywhere from $8 billion to $10 billion a year by purchasing generic alternatives.  Moreover, there are even greater potential savings on the horizon. Within the next 4 years, the patents on brand name drugs, with combined sales of $20 billion, are set to expire. If the Hatch-Waxman Act were to work as it was intended, consumers should expect to save between 30 to 60 percent on these drugs as the lower cost generics become available after the patents expire.  However, despite its past successes, it is becoming increasingly apparent that the Hatch-Waxman Act has been subject to serious abuse. While many pharmaceutical companies have actedin good faith, there is mounting evidence that some brand name and generic drug manufacturers have attempted to game the system in order to maximize their profits at the expense of consumers. News reports, for example, have detailed how the manufacturer of the lucrative drug Prilosec, the patent on which was set to expire last fall, has used the automatic 30-month stay under the Hatch-Waxman Act to tie up generic manufacturers in court, in litigation, over secondary patents in order to keep the generic version of the drug off the market.  In the year 2000, Prilosec was the best selling drug in the world and generated an estimated $4.7 billion in U.S. sales. The Medicaid Program in Maine spent over $8 million on Prilosec in the year 2000. This bill could be cut in half if the generic alternative were available. So instead of the State of Maine spending $8 million on Prilosec if the generic were available, as it should have been last fall, the State of Maine would save about $4 million. That is much needed money that could be put into other health care services.  I mention that because that is just one drug. But that illustrates what happens when a brand name manufacturer exploits the loopholes in the current law to delay consumers access to the generic equivalent. That is just wrong.  It is no wonder that this legislation is supported by a broad coalition representing Governors, insurers, businesses, organized labor, and individual consumers who are footing the bill for these expensive drugs and whose costs for popular drugs such as Prilosec would be cut in half if the generic alternative was available when it was supposed to have been. We are not talking about infringing on the legitimate patents that protect the innovative drugs developed by pharmaceutical companies. We are talking about eliminating abuses that we are finding increasingly prevalent where the brand name manufacturer exploits the loopholes in the current law by engaging in excessive litigation for the sole purpose of keeping the generic off the market.  I ask unanimous consent that letters from the Business for Affordable Medicine and the Coalition for a Competitive Pharmaceutical Market expressing support for the Edward-Collins compromise approved by the committee be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  