Would the sponsors please explain the decision to change the effective date of the bill to November 6, 2002, and discuss the transition rules that apply after that date? In addition, can they please clarify their intent concerning the campaign finance rules that will govern runoff elections should there be any in 2002?  Mr. McCAIN. I thank the Senator for her question. Because of the delay in getting the bill through the House, it became clear that there would be a number of very complicated transition rule issues and implementation problems if we were to try to put the bill into effect for the 2002 elections. We reluctantly determined that it would simply not be practical to apply new rules in the middle of the election cycle. To change the rules in the middle of the campaign would have created uncertainty and potential unfairness, particularly since primaries are imminent in some States.  It is our intent, however, that the provisions of this bill will be fully in effect for the 2004 election cycle. In order to provide a certain end to the soft money system, and completely insulate the 2004 elections from that system, the bill provides for an effective date of Wednesday, November 6, 2002, the day after the 2002 elections. After that date, no further soft money will be raised. The November 6, 2002, effective date will permit an orderly transition to the new soft money free world.  Now as to the transition rules, we do allow soft money that the parties raise before November 6, 2002, to be used on expenses incurred in connection with the 2002 elections, and we intend that permission to apply to runoff elections, recounts, or election contests arising out of this year's elections as well. We also do not intend the bill substantive provisions concerning advertising, such as Title II and the ``stand by your ad provisions'', wealthy candidates, sections 304, 316, and 319, and contributions by minors, section 318, to apply to 2002 runoff elections. In addition, in the event that a runoff election occurs after November 5, 2002, the national party would--until January 1, 2003, be able to spend soft money received before November 6, 2002 to pay for the costs of non-Federal activities incurred in connection with, and before the date of, that runoff election, and the state parties could spend soft money on Federal election activities in connection with the runoff, as under current law.  On the other hand, the increased contribution limits in the bill take effect on January 1, 2003.  