Here in Washington, consumed with our own budget challenges, we often forget that we have 50 partners in our efforts to provide needed health, education, and other essential services to our citizens. Our partners are our States and they need our help.  No one is more aware of the difficulties States are facing than Senator Nelson. As a former Governor, he understands that we are most effective when we work arm in arm, not toe to toe, with our partners, the States.  Senator Nelson and I have filed an amendment to the supplemental appropriations bill to provide emergency short-term fiscal relief to the States. Our amendment is needed, and it is needed now.  The recession may have eased earlier this year, but its effects still linger. They are felt acutely by States from Maine to Nebraska, from New York to Washington State. And I know the Presiding Officer is a cosponsor of the underlying bill that Senator Nelson and I have introduced. Though the recession has ended and economic growth has picked up in the first quarter of this year, unemployment continues to rise. Now it stands at 6 percent. It is an 8-year high.  The recession, the resulting rise in unemployment, and the tragic events of September 11 have placed tremendous and unanticipated demands on government services and resources. At the same time, these factors have contributed to a dramatic and unexpected drop in government revenues at precisely the time when more revenues are needed to respond to the confluence of challenges that confront us.  The combination of the increasing demands for services and the unexpected drop in revenues is causing a fiscal crisis for State budgets all across this Nation. According to the National Governors Association and the National Association of State Budget Officers, more than 40 States are facing a combined budget shortfall of between $40 and $50 billion. Most States have seen their estimates of tax collections for the current year decrease, often dramatically. State governments are scrambling to respond. Forty-nine States are required by law or constitution to balance their budgets, so running a temporary deficit is simply not an option.  Moreover, the problem is getting worse and is not likely to improve until next year at the earliest. A survey released by the National Governors Association shows that individual tax revenues for the first 4 months of this year are running nearly 15 percent below last year's levels.  The problem is not an isolated one. Thirty-nine States have been forced to reduce their already enacted budgets for fiscal year 2002, by cutting programs across the board, tapping rainy day funds, laying off employees, and reducing important services.  States have been forced to cut a number of critical programs. Twenty-nine States have attempted to balance their budgets by cutting spending on higher education. Twenty-five States have cut corrections programs. Twenty-two have been forced to slash Medicaid. Seventeen States have cut spending for K-12 education. And 10 States have reduced aid to local governments. In addition, a number of States have raised taxes and fees by a total of $2.4 billion. We believe the Federal Government can and should help our partners, the States. We should do so in an effective and responsible way.  Our amendment would provide a temporary increase in the Federal Medicaid matching rate and would provide block grant funds to each and every State. Specifically, our proposal would increase the Federal Government's share of each State's Medicaid costs by 1 percent and hold the Federal matching rate for each State harmless for the second half of this fiscal year and all of the next.  In addition, our proposal includes a temporary block grant to States that would help them pay for the rising demand in social services resulting from the economic downturn. Our amendment would provide approximately $8.9 billion in total fiscal relief to the States that would allow them to continue rather than contract Medicaid and other vital services.  Our amendment would provide fiscal relief to each and every State that is struggling to balance the budget and care for their citizens. It has been endorsed by the National Governors Association, the American Hospital Association, the American Health Care Association, and the Visiting Nurse Associations of America. These groups understand the importance of providing assistance to States at a time when many are forced to look at cutting Medicaid and other essential health care programs.  For that reason, our bill targets most of the assistance to the Medicaid Program. That is the fastest growing component of State budgets. While State revenues were stagnant or declined in many States last year, Medicaid costs increased by 11 percent. This year, Medicaid costs are increasing at an even higher rate--13.4 percent. My home State of Maine is one of a number of States that has been forced to consider cuts in the Medicaid Program in order to compensate for declining revenues and to balance the budget.  Earlier this month, after the legislature had already adjourned for the year, Maine's budget estimators determined that the State's revenues would come in some $90 million under budget for this year and would most likely result in another $90 million shortfall in the year to come.  Maine, despite the fact the legislature has gone home after enacting cuts earlier this year, is once again confronted with the need to reexamine its budget and make painful cuts.  Among the programs being considered for reductions in Maine are Medicaid and general purpose aid, which funds are vital for K-12 education. Maine is not alone. Maine is typical. If we do not help, if we do not provide some modest, reasonable aid to our States, States will be forced to slash health care, education, and social service programs in order to balance their books.  The amendment we have filed would help to bridge Maine's funding gap by bringing an additional $56 million to my State. It would help us preserve Medicaid and other essential programs such as education over the next 18 months, while the economy continues to recover.  I emphasize, even with our amendment, States are still going to face very difficult choices. They are still going to have to cut worthwhile programs. But with our amendment, States will be able to keep critical programs such as Medicaid, such as education, without having to slash them and cause real harm for the low-income populations in our States.  The challenges facing Governor King in Maine and other Governors across the country are considerable. The decisions they may be forced to make could affect the access of millions of Americans to health care and social services. They simply need our help. The proposal Senator Nelson and I have put forth would do just that.  We are very hopeful that the distinguished chairman and ranking minority member on the Appropriations Committee will join us in the effort to assist our States. If the supplemental appropriations bill is not the right vehicle for our amendment, we hope they will help us to identify very soon an appropriate bill to which our amendment could be attached.  We need to provide this help right away. Most States begin a new fiscal year next month, and we need to provide this much-needed assistance now.  It has been a great pleasure to work with the Senator from Nebraska on this important initiative.  