President, as an original cosponsor of the tripartisan 21st Century Medicare Act, I rise in support of this amendment to make affordable prescription drug coverage available to all of our Nation's seniors.  Prescription drugs are as important to a Medicare beneficiaries' health today as a hospital bed was in 1965, when the program was created, and I have long been a supporter of providing a prescription drug benefit as part of our efforts to strengthen Medicare. With recent advances in research, prescription drugs can literally be a life-line for patients whose drug regimen protects them from becoming sicker and reduces the need to treat serious illness through hospitalization and surgery. Soaring prescription drug costs, however, have placed a tremendous financial burden on the millions of Medicare beneficiaries who must pay for these drugs out of their pockets.  More and more, I am hearing disturbing accounts of older Americans who are running up huge, high-interest credit card bills to buy medicine they otherwise couldn't afford. Even more alarming are the accounts of patients who are either skipping doses to stretch out their pill supplies or being forced to choose between paying the bills or buying the prescription drugs that keep them healthy. It is therefore critical that we bring Medicare into line with most private sector insurance plans and expand the program to include prescription drugs.  The tripartisan plan that is before us today will provide an affordable and sustainable prescription drug benefit that will be available to all seniors. Moreover, unlike the alternative bill, our plan will make the drug benefit a permanent part of Medicare and is fully funded at $370 billion over 10 years.  Under the tripartisan bill, all seniors will have the choice of at least two prescription drug plans, regardless of where they live. This will enable them to select the kind of prescription drug coverage that they need. Moreover, the coverage under these plans will be comprehensive. Seniors will have access to every drug, from the simplest generic to the most advanced, innovative therapy.  Our plan is also affordable and has the lowest monthly premium--$24--of any of the comprehensive prescription drug proposals that are on the table. Not only does our plan offer a lower premium, but it also offers lower copays for most drugs than the amendment proposed by the Senator from Florida. As the senior Senator from Maine pointed out on the floor the other day, seniors will pay more for most of the top 50 drugs under the Democrats' bill than they will under the tripartisan plan. For example, the copayment for Glucophage, which is used in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes, would be $40 under the Graham-Kennedy bill, and only $31 under the tripartisan plan.  In fact, our plan is such a good deal that the Congressional Budget Office tells us that just about everyone will take it. According to the CBO, 93 percent of seniors will enroll in our program, while 6 percent will elect to retain their current prescription drug coverage. This means that 99 percent of all seniors will have prescription drug coverage once our plan is implemented.  No one should have to choose between paying their bills and buying their pills. That is why our bill provides additional subsidies to low-income seniors. For example, the 10 million seniors nationwide, including 65,000 Mainers, with incomes below 135 percent of poverty will have 98 percent of their prescription drug costs covered by Medicare with no monthly premiums and no gap in coverage.  In addition, these low-income seniors will not be subject to any deductible, and they will pay an average copayment of just $1 and $2 for each prescription. This is comparable to the copays required under Maine's Medicaid Program, which requires beneficiaries to pay $2 for each generic drug and $3 for each brand name drug.  The 10,000 Maine seniors with incomes between 135 percent and 150 percent of poverty will also receive generous subsidies under our plan. All seniors with incomes below 150 percent of poverty will be exempt from the benefit limit. As a consequence, 80 percent of Medicare beneficiaries will never experience any gap in coverage under our plan. Seniors with incomes below 150 percent of poverty will also receive a subsidy that lowers their monthly premiums to anywhere between zero and $24 a month, based on a sliding scale according to income.  My biggest concern about the amendment offered by my colleague from Florida is the cost. My understanding is that this plan will cost anywhere between $600 billion and $1 trillion over the next ten years. This is simply too heavy a financial burden for both current and future generations to shoulder, particularly given our mounting Federal deficit.  Moreover, despite its tremendous cost, the alternative plan promises only temporary help, not a permanent solution. Their plan sunsets after 6 years, and makes no provision for a drug benefit after 2010. In other words, their plan ends just as the tidal wave of baby boomers is preparing to retire.  The tripartisan plan also includes other improvements to the Medicare Program that are not included in the Graham-Kennedy proposal. The currentMedicare benefit package, which was established in 1965, now differs dramatically from the benefits offered under most private health plans. Our bill would provide a new, enhanced fee-for-service option for Medicare beneficiaries that more closely mirrors private health plans. For example, it would cover more preventive services than traditional Medicare at little or no cost. It would also provide protection against catastrophic medical costs for those seniors with serious health problems. The traditional Medicare Program provides no such catastrophic protection.  No one would be forced to enter this new plan. It is simply another option. If seniors want to stay in the traditional Medicare Program, that is fine, and they will still be eligible for the new prescription drug coverage.  Access to affordable prescription drugs is perhaps the most important issue facing our Nation's seniors today. It is therefore my hope that the Senate will stop playing politics so that we can pass a meaningful Medicare prescription drug bill this year. The 21st Century Medicare Act is the only legislation before the Senate that has not just bipartisan, but tripartisan support. Moreover, it has the support of 12 of the 21 members of the Senate Finance Committee, which has jurisdiction over Medicare. That is not to say that I think the tripartisan plan is perfect. I do not, for example, like the copayments imposed on home health care in the new fee-for-service option, and I would, of course, prefer a plan that had no gaps in coverage.  The tripartisan plan does, however, provide a major improvement in coverage, and I believe that it is the only proposal that gives our seniors any real hope of getting an affordable Medicare prescription drug benefit this year.  Since the cost of providing a meaningful drug benefit will only increase as time passes, it is all the more important that we act now. I therefore urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this tripartisan amendment.  