The Senator's point of order, in essence, claims that the fiscal relief provided by our bipartisan amendment is somehow not emergency spending.  Let's look at the facts. Let's look at the situation. The Budget Enforcement Act of 1990 established statutory limits on discretionary spending and a pay-as-you-go requirement for new direct spending and tax legislation. But it also exempted from the caps all discretionary spending designated by the President and the Congress as an emergency requirement.  The law does not further define what is an emergency requirement. That is up to us. One place we can look for guidance, however, is to the criteria developed by the Office of Management and Budget for the President to use when determining whether or not a spending provision qualifies for emergency treatment. The Office of Management and Budget determined that an emergency spending provision is ``sudden, urgent, necessary, unforeseen, and not permanent.'' The funds that the amendment allocates to the States is all of those things. They meet the criteria precisely for emergency spending.  First, our amendment addresses a sudden and unforeseen problem. That is the unexpected drop in revenues States have experienced. Indeed, 39 States were forced to reduce their already enacted budgets for fiscal year 2002 by reducing essential programs, tapping rainy day funds, furloughing employees, and cutting important services. In short, the budget crisis was clearly a sudden and unexpected development for our partners as States.  The second relief our amendment provides is needed to address an urgent situation, another criterion. The latest figures show that 46 States are facing an aggregate budget shortfall exceeding $50 billion. Many have already cut or are considering cutting their Medicaid and social service programs.  Finally, the relief provided by our amendment is not permanent, it is short-term relief, narrowly tailored to address a fiscal crisis that the States are experiencing now.  In short, our amendment is a textbook example of the definition of ``emergency'' spending. It addresses a sudden, unforeseen, urgent crisis, and provides temporary but much needed relief.  Finally, we should not forget as we debate this issue what this is really all about. It is about protecting health care and other essential social services for the neediest and most vulnerable citizens in this country. Medicaid provides health insurance to approximately 40 million low-income Americans, including 21 million children and young adults, 11 million elderly and disabled individuals, and 8.6 million adults in families, most of whom are single women. Without this critical safety net, millions of low-income men and women and their families would be left with no health insurance.  That is the bottom line in this debate. We need to help the States so they can continue to provide essential health care to the most vulnerable citizens in our society. We are not taking the States off the hook. They are still going to have to make many tough choices in order to balance their budgets. But we can provide this meaningful relief. We must do so now in order to preserve that critical safety net for the most vulnerable in our society.  