President, I rise today to offer an amendment to the bipartisan election reform legislation. I am pleased to be joined by Senators Jeffords, Burns, Leahy, Roberts, Brownback, Lincoln, Presiding Officer Ben Nelson, and Senators Nickles, Dorgan, Johnson, and Enzi in offering this commonsense addition to the Voting Rights Act.  First, let me commend Senators Dodd, McConnell, Bond, and Schumer for working together to find common ground on what could have very easily turned out to be an issue that foundered on partisan politics. They refused to allow partisan politics to stand in the way of the fundamental and much-needed safeguards included in this election reform bill. I applaud their efforts, and I believe the amendment I am putting forward is consistent with their efforts and will pose a modest improvement to their legislation.  This legislation makes substantial improvements that will help improve the voting system in every single State in America, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of it. The bill asks States to make major strides toward assurance that all people who are eligible to vote are allowed to vote, that voting locations are accessible to our citizens who are disabled, that a person is notified if his or her vote is incorrectly cast and given the opportunity to correct the error, and that each person's vote is counted.  These voting safeguards are fundamental. They deserve Federal support. And since all States will be required to implement these new voting standards, no State should be denied Federal financial assistance in complying with these new requirements.  The election reform bill authorizes $3.5 billion in grants to States and localities to help cover the costs associated with meeting the new standards. While the grant amounts are generous, there is a flaw. There is no guarantee in the bill that each State will receive a meaningful portion of the total allocation, even though each and every State must meet the same voting system requirements. Indeed, for a smaller State such as Nebraska or Maine, it may well be more burdensome to meet those voting requirements because those States may well have fewer resources to do so.  For that matter, there is no guarantee that Congress will appropriate all or even a substantial portion of the authorized funds. Election officials in my home State of Maine, including our secretary of state, are concerned that the nature of the grant program would make it difficult for Maine to compete for funds with larger States, as well as potentially thousands of local governments. Maine currently has its hands full addressing a structural budget shortfall of approximately $160 million. Its financial difficulties would be exacerbated if it did not receive a meaningful portion of the grant funds included in this bill but nevertheless were required to comply with the statutory requirements for improving voting systems, preparing the statewide voting lists, and making voting places accessible to our disabled citizens--all very worthy but costly goals.  Formula grant programs guarantee States a certain share of appropriated funds, but the grant program created by this bill does not. Rather, the legislation creates three different project grant programs to which States and local governments can apply for assistance. The grant programs are somewhat unusual in that once an application is approved, the Attorney General is required to award the applicant funds covering the ``cost of the activities described in that application.'' In other words, the legislation authorizes a specific sum of money to cover an unknown and perhaps unknowable amount of costs. Thus, no State is guaranteed the funds necessary to make progress toward this bill's voting system requirements.  Again, let me emphasize that I think the voting requirements set forth in this compromise legislation are reasonable, are fundamental, are worthwhile. But I am concerned that some States may not receive any Federal funds to assist them in meeting these worthwhile new standards, and that does not strike me as fair. Conceivably, moreover, the funds could run out before a State has a chance to even complete and submit its application.  My amendment addresses these concerns in a straightforward way. It would guarantee each State that submits the required application a fair portion of the funds that are eventually appropriated for election reform. My amendment would guarantee each State one-half of 1 percent of the total grant funds. These State minimums would only account for about 25 percent of the total appropriated grant funds, thus leaving 75 percent of the funds to be allocated through the application process originally set forth by this legislation. It would, however, remedy the problem of a State, particularly a small State, receiving no funds whatsoever. If we are going to mandate these requirements, we should ensure that each and every State receives some Federal assistance to comply with them.  My amendment is both fair and consistent with similar grant programs created by Congress. For example, the National Flood Insurance Program administered by FEMA provides each State with a base funding amount of one-half of 1 percent of appropriatedfunds. The remaining 75 percent of the Flood Mitigation Assistance funds is allocated by FEMA on the basis of applications. I could give many other examples of Federal grant programs that include minimum State allocations so that every State can be helped in achieving the Federal goals set forth by the programs.  The Equal Protection of Voting Rights Act makes changes that will improve the integrity of our State voting systems. All States will be partners in this effort, which is why no State should be denied a share of Federal funds. The amendment I offer ensures that just and fair result. It will help each and every State meet the goals and the requirements of this important reform legislation.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  