This important bill authorizes funding to strengthen our military, to address the challenges of today, and to anticipate the threats of tomorrow.  We are a nation at war. This bill recognizes the critical role that our Armed Forces play in the war against terrorism and in securing our homeland. It will help ensure that our troops are better paid, better housed, and better equipped than ever before. I had the privilege of visiting our troops in central Asia last January. I was a member of the first bipartisan Senate delegation to visit our troops on the front lines in the war zone. I was inspired by the patriotism and professionalism of our men and women in uniform.  As long as they know our Nation is united behind them, they are willing to bear any hardship no matter how harsh, undertake any mission no matter how dangerous, and willingly risk their lives each and every day just by doing their jobs.  The obligation on us, in return, is clear. The legislation before the Senate recognizes our obligation to improve the quality of service for our American forces who need and deserve the finest equipment and the best resources to combat any threat.  For example, the bill includes a 4.1-percent across-the-board pay raise for our military personnel and an increase in the housing allowance that will reduce the average out-of-pocket expenses for off-post housing to 7.5 percent in 2002. This represents significant progress toward the goal of elminiating by 2005 the need for our military personnel to reach into their own pockets to pay for housing. I also support, and cosponsored, an amendment adopted by the Senate earlier this week that will repeal the prohibition on concurrent receipt of non-disability retired military pay and veteran's disability pay for our military retirees, eliminating an inequity and allowing these veterans to collect the full amount they have earned.  This bill also begins to address the needs and concerns of our reserve forces. Specifically, it includes a study that will require the Department of Defense to assess the compensation and benefits of our reservists, who have been called upon more and more to serve our country and protect our freedoms. Under the total force concept, more than 80,000 Selected Reserve and National Guard personnel are now on active duty, nearly 9 months after the attacks of September 11. This study is the first step to ensuring that our reservists receive the compensation and benefits that are proportional to the commitment and services that they provide.  While the bill reflects significant investments in our national defense--including a significant increase to respond to the attacks of September 11--it will take several years of sustained increases in defense spending to completely recover from the ``procurement holiday'' of previous years.  I stand with the majority of the Armed Services Committee that believes more needs to be done to address the shipbuilding shortfalls that this administration inherited from the previous administration.  The Navy's shipbuilding program simply is not adequate to meet the needs of a more dangerous world. I am particularly concerned about the under-funding of the Navy's destroyer, or ``DDG-51'' program, which serves as the backbone of the Navy's surface fleet. This bill fully funds only two DDG-51s next year despite the clear need for a third. I am therefore pleased that the Senate version of the bill does include an increase of $125 million above the administration's request toward the procurement of an additional much-needed destroyer.  During the committee markup, Senator Warner, with my strong support, offered an alternative shipbuilding proposal that would have provided even more to meet the need for more ships through an additional $1 billion. Also, the alternative would have provided multi-year authority and additional advanced procurement for several shipbuilding programs. Further, it would have restored $690 million of the almost $900 million cut in various missile defense programs. I am very disappointed that this shipbuilding initiative was rejected in committee on a straight party-line vote as, ultimately, there will be a high price to pay if this shipbuilding trend is not reversed. We are making some progress. The out-year budgets for the Department of Defense have improved markedly in investing more resources into rebuilding our Naval Fleet.  I am encouraged and optimistic, however, that the Navy and its industry partners have heard our concerns about this egregious shortfall. Just recently an agreement was reached by the Navy, General Dynamics and Northrop Grumman Ship Systems to transfer ship construction between the two corporations' shipyards. The terms of this agreement is based on adding two additional DDG ships to the Navy's FY 2003 shipbuilding plan, which will be awarded to the Bath Iron Works in my State. Bath Iron Works has a long tradition of producing quality ships for the Navy. This agreement will immediately transfer DDG 102 to the Bath Iron Works facility for construction.  Further, as a result of this agreement, the Navy is expected to realize significant net cost savings on these programs, which could then be used to further invest in additional shipbuilding initiatives. The increased number of DDGs at Bath should provide increased stability and predictability at the yard, and maintain the critical surface combatant work force for the industrial base to remain competitive for the DD(X) family-of-ships.  The swap agreement has also led to discussions and a tentative agreement on the price and terms of a new DDG multi-year procurement. This contract, once awarded, will provide seven ships over the next four years, including three DDG swap option ships that Bath alone will have the opportunity to bid on. This new multi-year procurement contract will be the largest contract award in Bath's history. Let me state that again, this pending multi-year contract will be the largest contract awarded in Bath's history, and begin to remedy the shortfall in our naval fleet.  While the debate continues on how to transform our armed forces, the Senate is taking action to support our armed forces and the administration's priorities. I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge and thank Chairman Levin and our senior Republican, Senator Warner, for their tireless efforts to tackle the tough issues and produce an authorization bill that funds a number of critical priorities and provides support for the men and women of our armed forces.  Our armed forces stand ready. Now it is our responsibility to equip and support our men and women to meet the threats and challenges of today and those of tomorrow.  I believe the legislation before us is a strong step in the right direction, and I am pleased to have had an opportunity to shape this legislation as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee.  I yield the floor and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  