This is a wonderful event that brings leaders from the industry together to talk about problems that the fishing industry is experiencing. We have a wonderful fresh fish dinner and then there is an auction held which annually raises thousands of dollars in scholarship money.  But this year, a shadow was cast over the entire forum. We arrived at the forum only to learn that earlier that day, the National Marine Fisheries Service had unveiled a Draconian response to a Federal lawsuit that had been filed that affects the ground fishing industry. The response proposed by the National Marine Fisheries Service would have a devastating impact on our fishermen in Maine.  The life of a fisherman is already a difficult one. He or she encounters rough weather, and we have suffered devastating losses of life in the fishing industry in Maine. It is a difficult life. They are proud, independent people who ask only that they be given a fair chance to earn a living.  The fishermen of my State have been leaders in pioneering conservation efforts. They understand it is necessary to have some restrictions to preserve the fish stocks for future generations, but when we get into a situation where lawsuits are being filed and Federal regulators respond in a way that is completely indifferent to the needs of the fishing industry, we make the life of Maine's fishermen virtually impossible.  Already we have seen years and years of escalating restrictions that have driven many fishermen out of business, cut the incumbent processors, suppliers, and fish auctions, and strained coastal communities that are the heart of Maine. In fact, 1,200 fishermen have participated in retraining programs, and the Coastal Workforce Board, which runs these programs, estimates that represents only a third of the total number of displaced fishermen.  Since 1995, the ground fishing industry has been limited to only 88 days at sea, a restriction that has been extremely difficult for those in the industry to bear. Nevertheless, they have coped, they have managed to endure, even under the restrictions of only 88 days at sea. Imagine the shock of Maine fishermen when they learned that Federal regulators were proposing to cut in half the number of days they can be at sea.  Furthermore, they have restricted the number of days that can occur during the peak season for fishing. Only 22 of the days can occur during the peak season. This is devastating. Imagine that, our fishermen are being told they can only go to sea for 44 days a year in the Gulf of Maine.  Some Federal regulators in the regulatory community have pointed out that the fishermen would still be allowed to use their full allowance of days during the nonseason months. Those are the months between October and May. Again, I wonder to whom these regulators are talking. Surely they know those months are not practical for a sustained fishing effort. Fishermen encounter low stocks, low prices, and, most of all, hazardous weather.  The restrictions in the proposals put forth by the National Marine Fisheries Service go even further. Each day that a fisherman goes out to sea, no matter how short the trip, even if the fisherman is only out for a few hours, will be counted as a full 24 hours at sea. The proposal also calls for restricted fishing areas.  In short, these restrictions will have a devastating impact on the ground fishing industry in Maine, an industry made up of small, independently owned businesses, an industry made up of proud, independent men and women. They are already struggling to make a living, given all the other restrictions that have been imposed. The NMFS proposal would now make it virtually impossible for many ground fishermen to survive.  It comes as a particular disappointment to me that Federal regulators did not consult with members of the fishing community when they were confronted with this Federal lawsuit. It is so frustrating that the National Marine Fisheries Service ignored the letter I sent them asking that they bring all the stakeholders to the table to work out a response to this lawsuit. Instead, Federal regulators essentially shut our fishermen out of the process, and that is one reason they came up with such an ill-conceived proposal that does not reflect the reality of earning a living as a fisherman in the State of Maine.  The proposal put forth by Federal regulators is even more surprising because it comes at a time when both scientists and fishermen agree that ground fish stocks are rebounding, that the conservation efforts already underway, that the regulatory restrictions already in place are having a beneficial impact.  Again I stress, our fishermen are in the forefront of conservation efforts. They are keenly aware of the importance of rebuilding the fishing stocks. After all, fewer fish mean fewer activities and fewer opportunities for our fishermen to make a living.  In fact, Maine's fishing industry, working together with marine scientists, have been pioneers in the use of conservation techniques and self-regulation in fishing management, but our efforts to rebuild our ground fish stocks are only useful if a ground fish industry remains. Any effort to rebound ground fish stocks must guarantee the survival not only of the fish but of the fishermen.  When I think of the amount of money that has been squandered in costly lawsuits, it is so unfortunate because those are funds that could have been put into research. Those are funds that could have been used to bring everybody to the table to work out and devise a commonsense solution to the problems of rebuilding the fishing stocks.  Let me give an example of what the impact will be on one fisherman in Maine. I heard from a fisherman named Sam Viola about this issue. Sam is a fisherman from Portland, ME, who owns two 70-foot draggers and fishes for haddock, hake, and cod. His brother is a fisherman, as was Sam's dad. That is typical in Maine. Families, generation after generation, will go to the sea to earn a living.  Sam said that finally, after years of scraping by due to catch restrictions and limits on fishing days per year designed to restore the ground fishery, hehas been able to make a living to support himself and his family. He believes the seas are now teeming with fish. He has seen such a rebound in the stocks, and he is very worried that the latest regulations proposed by the National Marine Fisheries Service will put him and many of his fellow fishermen out of business.  I share the grave concerns of the responsible fishermen such as Sam and those fishermen with whom I talked on Friday night at the annual fisherman's forum. They are good people. They know the sea better than any regulator in Washington, DC. How unfortunate it is, how wrong it is, that Federal fishing regulators did not involve the people who know the Gulf of Maine the best: The fishermen who are out there earning a living.  I am going to be working with my colleagues in both the House and the Senate and particularly with Maine's senior Senator, Ms. Olympia Snowe, who is the ranking Republican on the subcommittee with jurisdiction over this issue, to develop a plan, to develop an alternative approach that recognizes we can both support our fishermen and have the seas teeming with fish.  It is a false choice to say our fishermen can only go to sea half the number of days that they are now allowed, a restriction that is already extremely difficult for many fishermen and their families to accept. These further restrictions, the new approach proposed by the National Marine Fisheries Service, I fear, will spell the end for many Maine fishermen. It will make it simply impossible for them to earn a living; the restrictions are so onerous, so unreasonable, and so strict.  We need a different approach, and I believe if Federal regulators had only taken the time to involve the experts in the industry, the men and women who are fishing in the Gulf of Maine, we would have come up with a far better approach, an approach that would not only continue the process of rebuilding the fishing stocks in Maine, in the Gulf of Maine, but also would allow our hard-working, proud, and independent fishermen to earn a living.  This is an issue on which I will continue to be working with the Chair and others.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Carper). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  