President, I rise today with my colleagues, Senator Rockefeller, Senator Ben Nelson, and Senator Gordon Smith, as well as with several other of our colleagues, to offer an amendment that begins to address the fiscal plight of our States. I congratulate Senator Rockefeller and Senator Nelson for their hard work on this issue.  Originally, we had slightly different approaches but, in an attempt to get something done that will help our States that are struggling with fiscalcrises, and more important, the low-income families who are dependent on Medicaid for their health care needs, we joined together and came up with a compromise that I hope will win widespread bipartisan support.  Here in Washington, consumed with our own budget issues, we too often forget that we have 50 partners in our efforts to provide needed health care, education, and other essential services to our citizens. Our partners are our States, and they need our help and they need it now.  The recession may officially have come to an end, but its effects still linger and they are being felt acutely by States from Maine to Nebraska, from West Virginia to Oregon. The resulting rise in unemployment, as well as the decline in tax revenues, coupled with the aftermath of September 11, have placed enormous and unanticipated strains on our State governments' budgets. States are facing a dramatic and unexpected decrease in government revenues at precisely the time when more revenues are needed to respond to the needs of more and more Americans who are having difficulties making ends meet.  The combination of increasing demand for services and resources that have declined is causing a fiscal crisis for States across the Nation. According to the National Governors Association and the National Association of State Budget Officers, more than 40 States are facing an aggregate budget shortfall of between $40 billion and $50 billion. Most States have seen their estimates of tax collections decrease, often precipitously and unexpectedly. State governments are scrambling to respond.  Forty-nine States are required by law or their constitution to balance their budgets, so running a temporary deficit for these States is not a possibility.  Moreover, the problem is getting worse. It is not likely to improve anytime soon. A survey by the National Governors Association shows that individual tax revenues for the first 4 months of this year are running nearly 15 percent behind last year's level.  The problem also is not an isolated one. It is not limited to just one area of the country. Mr. President, 39 States have been forced to reduce their already-enacted budgets for fiscal 2002 by cutting programs, tapping rainy day funds, laying off employees, and reducing important services.  According to the Conference of State Legislators, States have been forced to cut a number of critical programs. Twenty-nine States have attempted to balance their budgets by cutting spending on higher education--something no one likes to see; 25 States have cut corrections programs. Others have cut K-12 education and the Medicaid Program; 10 States have reduced aid to local governments. In addition, a number of States have resorted to increasing taxes and fees by a total of $2.4 billion.  The situation in my home State of Maine is typical of the problems faced by many States. Our fiscal year just ended on June 30. Just this past March, State revenues appeared to be on target at approximately $2.4 billion. In April, after the State legislature had adjourned for the year, State forecasters projected a shortfall of $90 million, largely due to sluggish capital gain receipts.  By mid-June, the expected shortfall had risen by another $20 million, due to lower than expected sales taxes, income taxes, and corporate income tax receipts. All were off projections.  So you can see how quickly the financial system turned from relatively positive to negative in my State and many others.  The shortfall in the fiscal year that just began in May looks even worse. We may experience a shortfall of $180 million. That is enormously difficult for a State such as Maine to deal with in a way that does not hurt the people we serve.  To close the books on last year, the Governor of Maine had nearly emptied our State's rainy day fund. This year, the choices are going to be far tougher. Already, cuts in education funding, furloughs for government workers, and cuts in the Medicaid Program are on the horizon.  I believe States need to tighten their belts in times of fiscal difficulty just as the Federal Government should do in austere fiscal times.  We are not talking about taking the States off the hook. They are still going to have to make a number of very difficult choices in order to balance their budgets. But the unexpected nature and the severity of the crisis that States now face has convinced me we need to give them some temporary help. We should do so by targeting resources where they are most needed for health care and social services programs.  Our amendment would provide a temporary increase in the Federal Medicaid matching rate. It would also provide block grant funds to every State. Specifically, it would provide $6 billion to States by holding each State's Medicaid matching rate harmless for the next 18 months. It would also provide a temporary increase in the Medicaid matching rate.  I note that over 30 States are scheduled to see a decrease in their Federal matching under the Medicaid Program.  So we would hold these States harmless. They would no longer see their Medicaid rate drop at the worst possible time for them from a fiscal standpoint.  The legislation would also provide $3 billion through a temporary block grant to help States pay for the rising demand in social services resulting from the economic downturn. As Senator Rockefeller indicated, that could be used, for example, for child care programs that are so important to our States.  In order to be eligible for the increased Medicaid funds, States are asked to maintain their Medicaid Programs. There are some States that have acted to contract their Medicaid Programs in order to cut their costs. But these States could reverse those actions and, thus, become eligible for the increased Medicaid match that is provided by this bill.  Regardless, every State is going to benefit from the package we put together. Every State will receive a share of the block grant funding and will be protected by the provisions that maintain the Medicaid matching rates at no less than the current level. Those are the so-called hold harmless provisions.  Our amendment is strongly supported by the National Governors Association, as you might well expect. They need our help. But it is also strongly endorsed by a number of health care providers that are very concerned about their ability to continue to provide much-needed quality health care to citizens who rely on the Medicaid Program. It has been endorsed by the American Hospital Association, the American Health Care Association, which represents our nursing homes, the Visiting Nurse Associations of America, and a host of other health care provider groups.  The support that our legislation has received underscores the importance of providing assistance to States at a time when many are being forced to look toward cuts in vital health care programs in order to balance their budgets.  Our amendment targets most of our assistance on Medicaid. The reason is that the Medicaid Program is the fastest growing component of State budgets. While State revenues were stagnant or declined in many States last year, Medicaid costs increased by 11 percent. This year, Medicaid costs are increasing at an even greater rate--13.4 percent. My home State of Maine is one of only a number of States that have been forced to consider resorting to cuts in Medicaid in order to make up for their budget shortfall.  The amendment we are offering today--I want to stress this point--would not free States from the burden of making painful, difficult choices in crafting their budgets for the current year. But it would help to lessen the impact of the cuts. It would help to soften the blow from a situation in which the States are really not to blame. It is a combination of events--of declining tax revenues, lingering impact of a recession, and the events of September 11--that has created the fiscal crisis for our States.  Our legislation would help protect vital programs for those who can least bear the cuts in services. To the State of Maine, our amendment would mean $54 million for health care and social services that would help our most needy citizens and assist our Governorand the legislature in producing a balanced budget without resorting to draconian cuts that would have a terrible impact on our State citizens.  Congress is most effective when it stands arm in arm--not toe to toe--with our partners, the States. Our States face a crisis of vast and still expanding dimensions. I think we need to help, and we need to help now. The longer we wait, the more difficult it is going to be for our partners, the States.  This amendment is a modest amendment. Other versions of this amendment were far more expensive. But in recognition of the fiscal realities we face, we have limited its scope. But it is an amendment that would make a difference to the States and to needy citizens across our Nation. I urge my colleagues to join me in providing much needed but temporary fiscal relief to the States.  