President, I rise in support of the amendment offered by my colleague from North Dakota, Senator Dorgan, to allow for the reimportation of prescription drugs from Canada by pharmacists and wholesalers.  The United States leads the world in the discovery, development and manufacture of cutting-edge pharmaceuticals. Yet too many citizens who live in Maine and elsewhere must travel over the broader to Canada to buy the prescription drugs that they need to stay healthy for much lower prices than they would pay at their neighborhood drug store.  It is well documented that the average price of prescription drugs is much lower in Canada than in the United States, with the price of some drugs in Maine being twice that of the same drugs that are available only a few miles away in a Canadian drug store.  It simply does not seem fair that American consumers are footing thebill for the remarkable, yet costly, advancements in pharmaceutical research and development, while our neighbors across the border receive these medications at substantially lower prices.  That is why I cosponsored legislation in the last Congress, the Medicine Equity and Drug Safety Act, to allow American consumers to benefit from international price competition on prescription drugs by permitting FDA-approved medicines made in FDA-approved facilities to be re-imported into this country. A modified version of that bill was signed into law last October, and I am extremely disappointed that the Department of Health and Human Services continues to refuse to implement the law.  I am therefore pleased to cosponsor this amendment, which will allow American consumers to benefit from international price competition in two ways:  First, it allows U.S. licensed pharmacists and drug wholesalers to import FDA-approved medications from Canada, which has a drug approval and distribution system comparable to ours.  Second, the amendment codifies existing U.S. Customs' practices that allow Americans to bring limited supplies of prescription drugs into this country from Canada for their personal use. That way, consumers who follow the rules won't have to worry that their medicines will be confiscated at the border.  While this amendment is a step in the right direction, it is not the solution to the prescription drug problem in the United States. I believe that our top priority should be to strengthen Medicare and include a prescription drug benefit, and I look forward to working on a bipartisan basis with my colleagues to give all Americans better access to affordable prescription drugs.  