President, I rise today to express my strong opposition to the conference report on the farm bill and to express my grave disappointment that this long process has resulted in a bloated and unbalanced bill that I simply cannot support.  I am disappointed because there are some components of this bill that would help some farmers in Maine and that I strongly supported when the bill was under consideration by the Senate. For example, the conference report includes funding for the Senior Farmers' Market Nutrition Program, as well as much needed assistance for our apple producers who have suffered from low market prices. It includes conservation funding, more money for the Market Access Program, and a national dairy program that I will discuss in more detail in a moment. It also includes--thanks in large part to Senator Lugar--a nutrition title that would bring needed assistance to legal immigrants and more working families. The problem is that all of these good programs, including the $17 billion conservation title, add up to only about 25 percent of the entire $180 billion bill. It is the other 75 percent of the bill that I simply must oppose.  My colleagues, particularly Senator Lugar, have described in detail why this bill is bad for our farmers and our Nation. I agree with their analysis. This legislation perpetuates a dependency that leads to overproduction that is harmful to our land and ultimately to our farm economy. I am disappointed to see the reforms begun in the last farm bill sacrificed in a frenzy of overspending.  This bill is both too expensive and unbalanced. It provides far too much in Federal subsidies for some of the Nation's largest agribusinesses and not enough for the small family farmers in my State and across the Nation. At a time when we as a nation are trying to shore up homeland security, provide a prescription drug benefit for our seniors, and safeguard Social Security, we can ill afford to spend more than $180 billion on agricultural programs that benefit the few at the expense of the many. How can we justify passing an 80-percent increase in farm spending when we are facing a deficit that could easily reach $100 billion or more this year? It is not responsible to pass this bill. We should send it back to conference and come up with a more reasonable proposal.  I am also concerned about the environmental implications of this conference report. While the increased conservation funding included in the legislation is certainly a step in the right direction, the conference committee slashed the environmental spending by $4.2 billion from what was included in the Senate bill. I share the disappointment of the Sierra Club and other conservation organizations with the final version of the bill in this regard. Faced with a choice of cutting conservation, forestry, and other modestly funded programs in this bill versus cutting the bloated commodity programs, the conferees unfortunately chose the former every single time.  While I am pleased that the conference report includes some modest assistance for Maine's dairy farmers, I am disappointed that the Northeast Dairy Compact was not reauthorized. The dairy compact provided far more assistance to Maine dairy farmers and at no cost to taxpayers. That is why I wish we had simply extended the Northeast Dairy Compact, which was working very well at no cost to our Federal Treasury. The new program included in the bill provides less help to Maine's dairy farmers and at a high cost to taxpayers. I view this as a temporary measure to help keep our dairy farmers solvent until the compact can be reauthorized.  I am also deeply disappointed that the payment limitations that were included in the Senate version of the farm bill, and that Senators Grassley and Dorgan worked so hard to include, were not retained in the conference report. While there is a supposed cap of $360,000 in payments that any one farmer may receive, the conference reportexempts the little known crop loan certificate program. The result is to create a loophole that will allow some of the Nation's largest agribusinesses to receive millions of dollars on top of already generous commodity crop payments. Thus, more than 60 percent of the payments authorized by this bill will go to fewer than 10 percent of our Nation's farmers. Many small family farmers will receive absolutely nothing at all from this legislation.  The farm savings accounts, which I worked so hard for, would have helped our small family farmers, but regrettably once again they were dropped from the bill.  Finally, while this conference report is bad for the Nation, it is even worse for Maine and I strongly suspect other Northeastern States as well. Maine receives precious little from this bill's unprecedented largess: 99.9 percent of the bill's funds will be spent outside of our State. In other words, for every $1,000 it costs taxpayers to fund this bill, only $1 will come back to Maine.  I recognize that Maine does not grow the program crops of the scope and scale found in other States, and in recognition of this fact I would have been pleased to vote for a responsible farm bill that provided for the vast majority of funds to go elsewhere. But in this bill I cannot help but feel that Maine and other Northeastern States have been tossed a little bit of hush money and then asked to turn the other way while big agribusinesses raid the U.S. Treasury of funds that are sorely needed for education, prescription drugs, defense, and other priorities.  This is not a responsible bill. We can do better, and I hope the Senate will vote to reject the conference report.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  