The resolution we submitted on February 15th asks parents to read to their children for at least 30 minutes on March 2, the birthday of Dr. Seuss. The resolution also honors Dr. Seuss for his success in helping to open children to the joys of reading.  Five years ago, the National Education Association conducted the first Read Across America Day by providing teachers with resources to celebrate reading. The day was intended to promote reading activities not just on the day of the celebration, but throughout the year. Dr. Seuss' birthday was chosen for the celebration because, in the words of the NEA, ``he epitomizes a love of learning and his use of rhyme makes his books an effective tool for teaching young children the basic skills they need to be successful.''  In the last 5 years, more than 40 national education and reading associations have joined the NEA in making Read Across America the largest celebration of reading in the world. Groups such as the American Library Association, the Boys and Girls Clubs of America, the International Reading Association, Reading is Fundamental, and the Screen Actors Guild all have assisted in raising the profile of reading education and making this day a tremendous success.  The importance of this day and this resolution is underscored by the challenge it addresses. Our Nation's early literacy problem is well documented. According to the National Institutes of Health, approximately 20 million school-age children have difficulty reading. Only approximately 2.3 million of these children are served in special education under the category of learning disabilities. The remaining 17.7 million children who are poor readers do not meet the eligibility requirements for the learning disability category. Some are provided assistance in the form of compensatory education, but others are overlooked altogether.  Often it is only after a child develops a significant problem that any intervention at all occurs. Typically, a child has reached the third or fourth grade before reading failure is diagnosed. At that point, what might have been a slight lag in learning had it been caught early has developed into a more serious and challenging learning disability. For students that have reached the third grade without the ability to read, every paragraph, every assignment, every day in the classroom is a struggle. They constantly battle embarrassment and feelings of inadequacy, fearing that their classmates, their friends, will discover they cannot read. It is no wonder so many children without basic reading skills lose their natural curiosity and excitement for learning, for reading is the gateway to academic success.  Last year, the President and Congress worked together to complete a major reform of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. With the enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act, two new programs, Reading First and Early Reading First, will bring new federal resources for reading instruction and early reading intervention. I am delighted that my Reading First proposal was incorporated into the final education reform package, and even more excited that nearly $1 billion in Federal funding has been allocated to this initiative in the first year. It is my hope the new services will reach children before a problem develops and before they fall too far behind their peers.  Although I have great faith that these new programs will effectively reduce the rate of reading failure throughout our country, nothing can replace the learning that takes place between parents and their children. Much of the learning and preparation that make reading possible occurs long before a child ever sets foot in a classroom. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, children who were read to three or more times in a week by their parents are almost twice as likely to be able to identify every letter of the alphabet. They are also more likely to be able to count to 20, write their own names, and read or pretend to read. It delights me to see the 2-year-old daughter of my chief of staff read to her stuffed animals. She takes a book, sits with them on the couch, and pretends to read them a story. When a child enters kindergarten already recognizing letters and familiar with books, she or he is better prepared to learn and less likely to encounter difficulty in learning to read.  This year, the Maine Education Association is hosting festivities throughout the State on Read Across America Day, and I hope to attend Eliot Elementary School in York County this Friday to join in their celebration of reading. I encourage my colleagues not only to support this resolution, but also to make time to visit a classroom and help children discover the joys of reading. I can tell from first-hand experience that taking the time to read to children is not only a worthwhile investment but also a wonderful experience, and I know the Presiding Officer reads often to her twin sons and experiences that some joy. I have read to children in more than 70 schools across the State of Maine and never tire of the joy and satisfaction such experiences bring.  I often read books by Maine authors, such as ``Blueberries for Sal,'' or ``Miss Rumphias'' to show children that they, too, can grow up to author books. I never tire of the joy and satisfaction of going into a classroom and reading to children. Indeed, Madam President, the last school I visited was the Edna Libby School in Standish, ME, a wonderful elementary school. I read to the students and I answered their questions. Then the reading coordinator presented me with a pin that I am wearing today. It is the ``Read Across America'' pin. It pictures the United States as well as Dr. Seuss's famous cat. That should be the inspiration for all of us.  The NEA has graciously agreed to donate one dozen Dr. Seuss books to any school visited by a Senator on Friday, March 1. I congratulate the NEA for the success of its Read Across America Program, and I applaud all of our schoolteachers, librarians, and most of all, our parents, for their commitment for teaching reading.  I hope we can pass this resolution this week in time for Reading Across America Day and bring even more attention to the benefits of parental involvement and reading to our children.  