President, the Senate is considering, and will shortly pass, the Mercury Reduction Act of 2002. This legislation addresses the very serious problem of mercury in the environment and mercury disposal. It takes special aim at one of the most common and widely distributed sources of mercury; and that is, mercury fever thermometers. At the same time, the legislation will also create a nationwide policy for dealing with surplus mercury.  I introduced this bill quite some time ago. It has bipartisan support. I am delighted that the Senate will be approving it this evening.  Mercury is a potent neurotoxin that is widespread in the environment and is particularly harmful to developing children. In fact, a National Academy of Sciences report released last year attributed mercury exposure to birth defects and brain damage in up to 60,000 newborn children each year.  Mercury takes on a highly toxic organic form known as methylmercury when it enters the environment. Methylmercury is almost completely absorbed into the bloodstream and distributed to all the tissues in the body, including the brain. Of course, with young children this is particularly problematic because their brains are still developing.  This organic mercury can accumulate in the food chain and become concentrated in some species of fish, posing a health threat to people who consume the fish. For this reason, 40 States have issued freshwater fish advisories that warn certain individuals, such as pregnant women, to restrict or avoid consuming fish from infected bodies of water.  One prevalent source of mercury in the environment is, as I said, mercury fever thermometers. Many of us know from personal experience how easy it is to drop a mercury thermometer and see it break. In fact, in 1998 the American Poison Control Center received 18,000 phone calls from consumers who had broken mercury thermometers.  One mercury thermometer contains about 1 gram of mercury. That does not sound like much, but let me tell you what the consequences are of just 1 gram of mercury. Despite its small size, the mercury in one thermometer, if released annually into the environment, is enough to contaminate all the fish in a 20-acre lake. That is how powerful a neurotoxin mercury is.  The bill we are about to pass calls for a nationwide ban on the sale of mercury fever thermometers. It would also provide grants for swap programs to help consumers exchange mercury thermometers for digital or other alternatives. Digital thermometers are easier to read. They are much quicker to use. They do not break easily. And, most of all, they do not contain mercury.  My bill will allow millions of consumers across the Nation to receive free digital thermometers in exchange for their mercury thermometers. By bringing mercury thermometers in for proper disposal, consumers will also help to ensure that the mercury from their thermometers does not end up polluting our lakes and threatening our health. It will also reduce the risk of breakage and contamination inside the home.  An important component of my bill is the safe disposal of mercury that is collected from these thermometer exchange programs. Many States have started these kinds of exchange programs--communities have as well--but then they are left with the mercury from them, and they don't really have a good means for disposing of them.  My legislation directs the EPA to ensure that the mercury is properly collected and stored in order to keep it out of the environment and out of commerce. After all, if we collect all this mercury from fever thermometers but then it is sold back to India and then shipped back to the United States in other products, we are really not solving the problem. We want to make sure this mercury does not reenter the environment so that it will not be sent to India, one of the largest manufacturers of mercury thermometers.  The mercury collected from thermometer exchange programs is only part of the problem. There is a bigger problem, and that is the global circulation of mercury. Let me give an example.  When the HoltraChem manufacturing plant in Orrington, ME, shut down 2 years ago, the plant was left with over 100 tons of unwanted mercury and no known way to permanently dispose of it. In total, about 3,000 tons of mercury is held at similar plants across the United States.  In addition, large amounts of mercury are still being mined around the world. For example, in 1999, Algeria mined 400 tons of virgin mercury. In total, approximately 2,000 tons of new mercury is mined every year. Moreover, the Department of Defense currently has a stockpile of over 4,000 tons of mercury that it doesn't want but doesn't know what to do with. Why are Algeria and other countries still mining large amounts of an element that is a neurotoxin, when the United States and other countries are doing their best to remove this extremely toxic element from the environment? And how will the United States dispose of the huge amounts of mercury at chlor-alkali plants and other no longer needed sources?  My bill creates an interagency task force to address these very questions. The task force will be chaired by the Administrator of the EPA and comprised of members from other Federal agencies involved with mercury.  Specifically, my bill directs this task force to find ways to reduce the mercury threat to humans and the environment, to identify a long-term means of disposing of mercury, and to address the excess mercury problem from mines as well as from other industrial sources.  In sum, this task force is directed to identify comprehensive solutions to the global mercury problem. In one year, the mercury task force will make recommendations to Congress for permanently disposing mercury, for retiring mercury from plants and other sources, and for reducing the amount of new mercury that is mined every year. At that time, it will be up to Congress to act upon the recommendations of this task force.  In the meantime, this bill will make significant progress toward reducing one of the most widespread sources of mercury contamination in the environment by banning the sale nationwide of mercury fever thermometers.  I am very pleased the Senate will pass my legislation shortly. I thank the members of the Environment andPublic Works Committee for their strong bipartisan support of this legislation.  This bill is a modest bill, in many ways, but it addresses a very serious problem. It will help make our environment a safer place and help our children avoid exposure to one of the most toxic elements in our environment.  