President, I have always been a very strong supporter of small business, the engine of our economy. According to the Small Business Administration, it is our smaller firms that account for three-quarters of our Nation's economic growth and almost all of the net new jobs that are created. These are good jobs, jobs that make our communities strong. Indeed, small businesses are often the last to lay off employees because the employees tend to be their neighbors, their family members, and their friends. They will go to great lengths to try to retain employees while a larger corporation might cut without much thought.  More than 95 percent of all the businesses in the United States are considered small businesses. Yet the economic recovery plan put forth by the distinguished majority leader does not assist this critical sector of our economy.  I support much of what is in Senator Daschle's package. For example, I have long proposed extending unemployment compensation to help those workers who have exhausted their State unemployment benefits yet have been unable to find new work because of the poor economy. I also support the provisions in Senator Daschle's plan to have stimulus checks go to those taxpayers and other citizens who did not receive rebate checks last summer and fall.  While I support much of what is in the majority leader's package, it does virtually nothing for small businesses. I think that is a serious mistake because if we can get the small business sector booming again, we will increase employment and stimulate our economy. That is why I have offered, with my good friend from Missouri, Senator Bond, the ranking member of the Senate Small Business Committee, an amendment that gives small businesses the boost they need to grow, to create new jobs, and to energize our sluggish economy. I included a very similar provision as part of an economic recovery bill I introduced on October 4.  I ask unanimous consent two more cosponsors be added to the Bond-Collins amendment, Senator Bennett and Senator Hutchinson of Arkansas.  