President, I am pleased today to rise to introduce the Teacher Tax Relief Act 2002.  I am joined with my colleagues, Senator Warner, Senator Landrieu, and Senator Allen in introducing this legislation to help our teachers who selflessly reach deep into their own pockets to purchase supplies for their classrooms or to engage in professional development.  Senators Warner, Landrieu, and I have long led the effort to recognize the invaluable services that teachers provide each and every day to our children and to our communities. We were very pleased when earlier this year the economic recovery package included our provision to create an above-the-line deduction for teachers who purchase classroom supplies.  This tax relief is significant in that it recognizes for the first time the extra mile that our dedicated teachers go in order to improve the classroom experience for their students.  Today, we introduce legislation that builds upon the relief enacted earlier this year. Our bill would double the amount that a teacher can deduct--from $250 to $500--and includes professional development expenses in the deduction. Our bill would also make this modest tax relief permanent whereas the provision in the economic stimulus package is scheduled to sunset in 2 years.  While our bill provides financial assistance to educators, its ultimate beneficiaries will be our students. Other than involved parents, a well-qualified teacher is the single most important prerequisite for student success. Educational researchers have demonstrated, time and again, the strong correlation between qualified teachers and successful students. Moreover, educators themselves understand just how important professional development is to maintaining and expanding their level of confidence.  When I meet with teachers from Maine, they repeatedly tell me of their desire and need for more professional development. But they also tell me that, unfortunately, school budgets are so tight that frequently the school districts cannot provide that assistance that a teacher needs in order to take that additional course or pursue that advanced degree. As President Bush aptly put it: ``Teachers sometimes lead with their hearts and pay with their wallets.''  A recent survey by the National Center for Education Statistics highlights the benefits of professional development. The survey found that most teachers who had participated in more than 8 hours of professional development during the previous year felt ``very well prepared'' in the area in which the instruction occurred. Obviously, teachers who are taking additional course work, and pursuing advanced degrees, become even more valuable in the classroom.  Increasing the deduction for teachers who buy classroom supplies is also a critical component of my legislation. So often teachers in Maine, and throughout the country, spend their own money to improve the classroom experiences of their students. While most of us are familiar with the National Education Association's estimate that teachers spend, on average, $400 a year on classroom supplies, a new survey demonstrates that they are spending even more than that. According to a recent report from Quality Education Data, the average teacher spends over $520 a year out of pocket on school supplies.  I have spoken to dozens of teachers in Maine who have told me of the books, rewards, supplies, and other materials they routinely purchase for their students.  Idella Harter, president of the Maine Education Association, is one such teacher. She told me of spending over $1,000 in 1 year, reaching deep into her pocket to buy materials, supplies, and other treats for her students. At the end of the year, she started to add up all of the receipts that she had saved, and she was startled to discover they exceeded $1,000. Idella told me, at that point she decided she better stop adding them up.  Debra Walker is another dedicated teacher in Maine who teaches kindergarten and first grade in Milo. She has taught for over 25 years. Year after year, she spends hundreds of dollars on books, bulletin boards, computer software, crayons, construction paper, tissue paper, stamps and ink pads. She even donated her own family computer for use by her class. She described it well by saying: ``These are the extras that are needed to make learning fun for children and to create a stimulating learning environment.''  Another example is Tyler Nutter, a middle school math and reading teacher from North Berwick. He is a new recruit to the teaching profession. After teaching for just 2 years, Tyler has incurred substantial ``startup'' fees as he builds his own collection of needed teaching supplies. In his first years on the job, he has spent well over $500 out of pocket each year, purchasing books and other materials that are essential to his teaching program.  Tyler tells me that he is still paying off the loans that he incurred at the University of Maine-Farmington. He has car payments and a wedding to pay for. He is saving for a house. And he someday hopes to get an advanced degree. Nevertheless, despite the relatively low pay he is receiving as a new teacher, he says: ``You feel committed to getting your students what they need, even if it is coming out of your own pocket.''  That is the kind of dedication that I see time and again in the teachers in Maine. I have visited almost 100 schools in Maine, and everywhere I go, I find teachers who are spending their own money to improve their professional qualifications and to improve the educational experiences of their students by supplementing classroom supplies.  The relief we passed overwhelmingly earlier this year was a step in the right direction. As Tyler told me, ``It's a nice recognition of the contributions that many teachers have made.'' We are committed to building on this good work.  Again, I thank the senior Senator from Virginia, Mr. Warner, for being a leader with me on this bill. We invite all of our colleagues to join us in recognizing our teachers for a job well done.  