President, I am pleased to join with my distinguished colleague from Delaware, Senator Carper, in offering an amendment to the energy bill that would keep in place, for a limited time, incentives for the generation of clean, efficient energy using a technology known as combined heat and power, or cogeneration.  Such cogeneration plants use a variety of fuels, from biomass to natural gas, to produce both electricity and steam. Combined heat and power currently produces about 9 percent of our Nation's electricity. According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, there are more than 1,000 facilities operating combined heat and power units in the United States, including hospitals, universities, and industries. There are 95 cogeneration facilities in my home State of Maine alone.  By capturing the heat that would be rejected by traditional power generators, combined heat and power is extremely efficient. While a typical coal-fired powerplant only achieves about 34 percent efficiency, cogeneration facilities achieve 70 to 85 percent efficiency. On average, combined heat and power facilities are twice as fuel efficient as conventional utility plants.  By keeping in place incentives for using combined heat and power, the Carper-Collins amendment adds to the competitiveness of our domestic manufacturing. Because cogeneration is so efficient, it reduces cost. The President's national energy policy makes clear that combined heat and power offers energy efficiency and cost savings important to many manufacturers that compete in the international marketplace.  Our amendment also increases energy security and electric reliability. Dispersing power generation at manufacturing sites is an important tool to reduce the risk to the electricity supply. Generating electricity close to where it will be used reduces the load on existing transmission infrastructure. It reduces the amount of energy lost in transmission while eliminating the need to construct expensive power lines to transmit power from large central station powerplants.  In addition, cogeneration reduces the U.S. dependency on foreign sources of energy by encouraging energy efficiency and fuel diversity in electric power generation.  Also, our amendment is good for the environment. Because combined heat and power facilities are twice as efficient as conventional plants, they have fewer emissions. They reduce emissions of the chemicals that cause smog and acid rain and cut greenhouse gas emissions in half. For this reason, cogeneration is an important component of any plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and is included in the President's climate initiative.  The U.S. Department of Energy and the EPA have set the goal of doubling U.S. cogeneration capacity by 2010. At industrial facilities alone, cogeneration could reduce annual greenhouse gas emissions by 44 million metric tons. They could also reduce emissions of smog-forming nitrogen oxides by 614,000 tons per year.  Let me now add to the comments made by Senator Carper on why this amendment is necessary. The Public Utility Regulatory Policy Act, known as PURPA, requires utilities to sell backup power to qualifying nonutility power facilities at just and reasonable rates. It also obligates utilities to purchase excess power from cogeneration facilities at prices equal to that utility's own cost of production, known as the avoided cost. The Senate energy bill, however, repeals PURPA. Repealing PURPA would be a good idea if competitive electricity markets existed all across this Nation. Unfortunately, the legislation before us repeals PURPA even if competitive markets are not achieved.  Our amendment would keep certain PURPA provisions in place until competitive electricity markets were established. For a limited time our amendment would keep in place the PURPA provisions requiring utilities to provide backup power and buy electricity from qualifying cogeneration facilities. As soon as competitive electricity markets were established, these requirements would be repealed.  Without competition, there is no incentive for utilities to provide backup power or purchase electricity from combined heat and power facilities even though that electricity is cleaner and more efficient than most other electricity generation. Until a combined cogeneration facility can shop for backup power from competing suppliers and sell power at a competitive price, PURPA should not be unconditionally repealed.  The amendment Senator Carper and I are offering today will keep in place incentives that continue to operate combined heat and power facilities until true competition exists in electricity markets.  This amendment is good for the economy, good for the environment, good for our energy policy, and good for the competitiveness of American manufacturing.  I thank my colleague from Delaware for involving me in this amendment. I urge our colleagues to support our proposal.  