Over 95 percent of the businesses in this Nation qualify as small businesses. They are the businesses that are creating the vast majority of new jobs. Small businesses are the engine of our economy and the backbone of virtually every community in our country. Yet the economic stimulus package put forth by the majority leader does virtually nothing to stimulate this essential part of our economy. The Bond-Collins amendment would rectify this omission by allowing small businesses to expense up to $40,000 worth of new equipment that they placed in service this year, or will next year. That would give a real boost to the economy, and it would encourage those small companies that have put investment plans on hold, in the wake of the attacks on our Nation and the economic downturn, to proceed with their investment plans. That, in turn, would stimulate the production of more equipment and the creation of new jobs.  Let me give you an example from my home State of Maine of the positive impact that this amendment would have.  Terry Skillin, of Skillins Greenhouses, is a fourth-generation Maine family business, founded in 1885. Skillins employs between 70 and 120 employees, depending on the season, for its landscaping, greenhouse, and floral business.  Terry Skillins told me that his company is looking to expand but to do so takes money. From tractors to conveyor belts to machines that build flowerpots automatically, the equipment that he needs to buy is expensive. Terry said that raising the small business expense limit to $40,000 would help enormously, by allowing him to go ahead with a planned expansion.  Terry said something else that I think is very important and that we need to remember. He said it is critical that the increased expensing be available not only for the remainder of this year but for next year as well. He told me that it often takes more than one year for a small business to carry out an expansion plan, and that if the increased expensing were available for two years, his ability to grow Skillins Greenhouses over the entire period would be far greater.  I think we should heed Terry's advice and help small businesses so they can drive our economy back to prosperity.  It seems to me that, if we are striving to reach a consensus on the economic recovery package, as I believe we must do, we should include an amendment that is specifically targeted to helping our small businesses pull through this difficult time. Our amendment has been endorsed by the Nation's largest small business group, the National Federation of Independent Businesses. The NFIB represents 600,000 members nationwide and is key-voting this amendment.  Finally, I note that the idea of an expansion in the small business expensing provision has been common to many of the economic recovery plans that we have debated. It was part of both plans passed by the House of Representatives. It was included in the Centrist Coalition plan that six Members--three Members on each side of the aisle--negotiated this past December. It was also included in the Democrats' plan, which was supported by the Senate Finance Committee. Unfortunately, however, it is not in the plan before us.  The Bond-Collins amendment would seek to remedy that omission by providing the boost to small businesses. I am convinced that if we give tax incentive to small businesses, they will help to pull us through these difficult economic times. Again, it is small businesses that create the vast majority of new jobs in this country, and we need to give them the incentives they need to help boost our economy.  I yield the remainder of my 5 minutes, reserving time for our side.  