Stated simply, for the remainder of this year and next, the bill would increase the Federal Government's share of each State's Medicaid costs by 1.5 percent and hold the Federal matching rate for each State harmless in order to provide approximately $7 billion in fiscal relief to States and allow them to expand, not contract, their Medicaid programs.  Last month, I was pleased to join with an overwhelming number of our colleagues in passing an economic recovery bill that extended benefits for unemployed workers and provide depreciation incentives for businesses to invest in new facilities and equipment. In short, the bill provided welcome relief to our unemployed workers and to our economy. But it also posed a difficult choice to State governments.  In all but a handful of States, corporate and individual income taxes are calculated based on the Federal tax code's definition of income. Thus, when we change how taxable income is calculated under the Federal code, the changes automatically affect the amount of tax collected by States. It has been estimated, for example, that the tax changes made by the economic recovery package will reduce State revenues by $14 billion. States can avoid the revenue loss by ``decoupling'' their tax policies from Federal law, but they do so at a price. Decoupling increases the complexity of paying taxes and forces businesses to devote more resources to compliance. At the most basic level, they would have to calculate taxes two different ways and would have to factor the dueling tax consequences into their business decisions.  States that automatically or affirmatively decide to conform to the tax law changes in the economic recovery package are faced with finding ways to cover the loss in expected revenue. This could mean making painful cuts in important areas such as health care, transportation, and education. My home State of Maine was faced with a $27 million revenue loss over the next two years if it chose to conform to the Federal tax law changes, and this on top of a much larger structural budget shortfall. The resulting bleak picture forced the State legislature to contemplate some extremely problematic alternatives, including cuts in the State Medicaid program.  Today, Medicaid is the fastest growing component of State budgets. While State revenues were stagnant or declined in many States last year, Medicaid costs increased 11 percent. Maine is only one of a number of States that has been forced to consider cuts in their Medicaid programs to make up for their budget shortfalls.  Earlier this year, Maine was facing a $248 million revenue shortfall. Faced with nothing but tough choices, our Governor proposed $58 million in Medicaid cuts, including reductions in payments to hospitals, nursing homes, group homes, and physicians. He was also forced to propose a delay in the enactment of legislation passed by the State Legislature last year to expand Medicaid to provide health coverage to an estimated 16,000 low-income uninsured Mainers.  While subsequent revisions in the State's revenue forecasts enabled the Governor to restore most of these Medicaid cuts, the loss of revenue due to the tax law changes in the economic recovery package could very well putthem back on the table, particularly because the Maine legislature has decided to defer a decision on whether to fully conform in 2002 to the bonus depreciation provisions of the economic recovery package until its next legislative session.  The legislation I am introducing today will help to bridge Maine's funding gap by bringing an additional $40 million to my State's Medicaid program over the next two years. This should not only forestall the need for any further cuts, but will also provide additional funds to Maine to proceed with its plans to expand its Medicaid program to provide health care coverage for more of our low-income uninsured.  I do not want Maine or other States to have to choose between helping our economy recover from recession and helping people in need. Our States need more Federal assistance in providing health care services through Medicaid, not less, which is why I am introducing this bill today. By increasing the Federal medical assistance percentage for all States this year and next, we can relieve the pressure put on States to cut spending on important programs while increasing their capacity to provide services through Medicaid. I urge our colleagues to join Senator Nelson and me in this effort.  