President, I rise to offer an amendment that recognizes the value of America's existing renewable energy resources. The Bingaman amendment does not give credit to existing renewable energy facilities. I believe a facility should receive credit at least for new renewable energy generation that is higher than the facility's average generation over the previous three years. My amendment would allow existing facilities to receive credit for increased generation of renewable energy.  I support increasing our use of renewable energy. I believe it is important that any comprehensive energy legislation significantly boost the use of electricity produced from clean resources such as biomass, wind, geothermal, and solar energy. I support a significant renewable portfolio standard, which requires electricity suppliers to sell electricity that has a minimum amount of renewable energy.  Promoting our renewable energy resources will help diversify our energy supplies, increase our energy security, and reduce pollution. It will move us one step closer to a cleaner energy future that reduces our reliance on fossil fuels.  States are leading the way in demonstrating the benefits of clean energy standards. Twelve States, including Arizona, Connecticut, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, Pennsylvania, Texas, and Wisconsin, have already adopted a renewable portfolio standard. A national RPS will complement and enhance the groundbreaking efforts by these states and will provide particular benefits to hard-pressed agricultural and rural areas. Perhaps most important, a national RPS would create a new and vibrant national market across all states, and help to maintain America's international leadership in these energy technologies of the future.  I commend the efforts to develop renewable energy in my home State of Maine. Maine has been a leader in developing renewable energy. In fact, Maine has enacted a state-wide renewable portfolio standard of 30 percent. No other State has adopted as high a standard as Maine.  Even though I am emphatically in favor of increasing renewable energy production, we must do so in a fair and equitable way. The proposal before us, offered by my friend from New Mexico, Senator Bingaman, unfairly discriminates against existing renewable energy resources. Unfortunately, the Senator from New Mexico has drafted legislation that does not properly give credit to existing renewable energy production.  Why should we discriminate against States which have been proactive and invested heavily in renewable energy? I know my home State of Maine, as well as California and a number of other States, have invested huge resources into developing our renewable energy resources. These States have developed new technologies and set an example for other States to follow. Let's not penalize those States which have worked to develop our renewable energy industry from the ground up.  Ideally, every existing renewable energy resource should receive full credit. I would like to see existing renewable energy resources receive 100% credit. Doing so would help bring our total renewable energy generation to a higher level at less cost. Under the Bingaman approach, existing renewable energy resources will find themselves in an unfair competitive environment with new renewable energysources. Existing renewable energy facilities will shut down, and new ones will be built next door. That is a poor use of resources. It will cost more money and raise electricity prices. Wouldn't it be better if States could form partnerships with each other to develop renewable energy resources in the most cost efficient manner possible? Surely we should allow States which don't have a lot of existing renewable resources to save money by buying inexpensive, existing credits from other States.  I am offering this amendment that would provide at least partial recognition of those hard working Americans who have built our existing renewable energy resources. I would like to see all existing renewable energy resources included in this standard. However, my amendment does not go that far in an attempt to accommodate Senator Bingaman.  My amendment merely says that increased output at existing renewable energy facilities should be counted. If an existing renewable energy facility were to increase its renewable energy output by 50%, then under my amendment that facility would receive credit for that 50% increase. Thus, consistent with the interest of Senator Bingaman's proposal, my amendment only gives credit to new renewable energy production.  Those who have developed America's existing renewable energy resources should have their efforts recognized. At a minimum, I hope my colleagues will at least join me in giving these hard working Americans who have led the way on renewables partial credit. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment.  To reiterate, my amendment merely says that increased output at an existing renewable energy facility should be counted under this bill. If an existing renewable energy facility were to increase its renewable energy output by 50 percent, then under my amendment that facility would receive credit for that 50-percent increase. Thus, I believe it is consistent with the intent of Senator Bingaman's proposal in that it gives credit to expand renewable energy production.  I ask for consideration of the amendment, and I thank both Senator Bingaman and Senator Murkowski for their assistance in this matter.  