President, today the Senate begins consideration of the fiscal year 2003 Interior appropriations bill. Land conservation funding is the critical component of this legislation--funding for land conservation preserves, wetlands, open fields, barrens, and woodlands that are threatened by ever-increasing pressures from development.  I would like to highlight three land conservation projects funded in this bill that are of particular significance to the State of Maine.  First, let me congratulate the distinguished chairman and ranking member of the Interior Appropriations Subcommittee, Senators Byrd and Burns, for producing a bill that includes a generous amount for land conservation effort in the face of severe fiscal constraints.  The Forest Legacy Program, in particular, is funded at $80 million in this bill, which represents a nearly 25-percent increase from last year's level. This is a remarkable achievement considering that when I first joined the Senate in 1997, the Forest Legacy Program was funded at only $2 million.  I am a very strong supporter of the Forest Legacy Program because it recognizes that our forests are both the source of good jobs and of boundless recreational opportunities for our sportsmen, our hunters, our hikers, and everyone who enjoys the great outdoors.  I am very pleased, therefore, that the bill before us today includes $2.9 million in Forest Legacy funding for an important project in Maine. It is known as the West Branch Project. The funding that is in this legislation will help us complete this important land conservation effort. This historic project has been more than 3 years in the making, and it is a testament to what can be accomplished when the Federal Government teams up with private landowners, private nonprofit groups, and State and local governments to preserve special lands. I have worked hard with my senior colleague from Maine to help this project reach fruition.  This significant project will protect 330,000 acres of lakefront and forest lands in some of the most pristine areas of the State of Maine. Much of the West Branch lands make up the viewshed from Mt. Katahdin, Maine's largest peak and the northernmost point of the Appalachian Trail. Their protection through the Forest Legacy Program is critical for the well-being of Maine's recreational and natural resources. Moreover, protection of this land through the Forest Legacy Program will enable the landowners to continue to supply area mills and support the local economy while allowing the public continued access to the beautiful lakes, streams, and back country wildlands that are characteristic of this area.  That is why the Forest Legacy Program is such a good one. It recognizes that our forests have multiple purposes, that they can provide good jobs for those in the forest products industry as well as being a source of beautiful recreational opportunities for all of us who enjoy walking through the woods or fishing or hunting or enjoying the lakes and streams that abound in those forests.  Regrettably, the House Interior appropriations bill does not contain any funding for completing the West Branch Project; therefore, I hope the Senate position will prevail in conference.  Another land conservation project that is important to my State is the protection of the 8,600-acre Leavitt Plantation Forest. I, again, thank the managers of this bill for including $600,000 for this project in their legislation.  Leavitt is the largest contiguous forest in southern Maine. The forest was targeted for development 2 years ago, when it was scheduled for auction in as many as 13 separate parcels.  Fortunately, Renewable Resources, a timber management company, approached the Maine Department of Conservation and the Nature Conservancy with a plan to protect Leavitt Plantation. Working together with the owner of the property, the company agreed to purchase the tract up to the New Hampshire border and to sell a conservation easement that will protect wildlife habitat, while allowing the property to continue to be managed for forestry and recreation.  Finally, the bill includes $3 million to purchase critical shorebird nestingareas within the Rachel Carson National Wildlife Refuge. It is easy to see why so many are committed to protecting the Rachel Carson National Wildlife Refuge. The refuge's 5,000 acres are home to rich and diverse wildlife habitats, including coastal salt marshes, barrier beaches, forested wetlands, coastal meadows, and upland forests.  During the course of the year, more than 250 species of birds, 47 species of mammals, and 35 species of reptiles and amphibians can be found at the refuge. What is most remarkable about the refuge is that all of this wildlife and habitat diversity is located in Maine's most populated region. So this makes this wildlife refuge a particularly special place to the people of southern Maine.  The funding in this bill for Rachel Carson will help protect the habitat found on these lands. In addition, it will preserve open space in a region of Maine that faces tremendous development pressure. This project serves as yet another example of how nonprofit and community organizations can work together with the Federal Government to identify and acquire critical lands from willing private sellers that otherwise might be lost forever to sprawl and other development.  It takes considerable resources for the Federal Government to be an effective partner in the effort to protect habitat and preserve open space, particularly in high-growth areas such as southern Maine where the cost of land is increasingly high. That is why I have worked so hard in Washington to secure the resources needed to support these community-based conservation efforts in my home State.  Rachel Carson, the patron of the Wildlife Refuge, once said of her substantial accomplishments:       The beauty of the living world I was trying to save has      always been uppermost in my mind. . . . Now I can believe I      have at least helped a little.  I think Rachel Carson would agree that the land conservation funding in the Interior bill we are considering today is helping, piece by piece, to preserve ``the beauty of the living world'' and to ``help a little.'' I am very pleased to support the land conservation efforts in the bill. Again, I thank the managers for their leadership in this area.  Madam President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Carnahan). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  