President, I rise today with my good friend, Senator Ben Nelson, to introduce a bill that would assist States through a period when most are experiencing fiscal crises. I am particularly pleased to team with Senator Nelson on this effort, as we have teamed on so many efforts in the past, because he has such a solid grasp of the fiscal issues now facing our States, and the ways we can most effectively help.  We are pleased to be joined today by Senators Hutchinson, Lincoln, Clinton and Gordon Smith, making this, truly, a bipartisan effort.  The recession may have ended earlier this year, but its effects linger, and they are being felt acutely by States from Maine to Nebraska, from New York to California. Though the recession has ended and economic growth picked up in the first quarter of the year, unemployment continues to rise, and now, standing at 6 percent, the U.S. unemployment rate is at an eight-year high.  The recession, the resulting rise in unemployment, and the tragic events of September 11 have placed tremendous demands on government services and resources. At the same time, these factors have contributed to a dramatic and unexpected decrease in government revenues, at precisely the time when more revenues are needed to respond to the confluence of challenges that confront us.  The result of increasing demands for services and resources and declining revenues is that States across the Nation are in crisis. The National Governors Association and National Association of State Budget Officers this month found that over 40 States are facing an aggregate budget shortfall of between $40 and $50 billion. Most States have seen their estimates of tax collections for the current year decrease, often dramatically. And while State governments are scrambling to respond, they are constrained in their ability to do so by one key factor, they cannot run deficits. Forty-nine States are required by law or constitution to balance their budgets.  As a result, thirty-nine States have been forced to reduce their already-enacted budgets for fiscal year 2002 by cutting programs across-the-board, tapping rainy day funds, laying off employees, and implementing a variety of other cost-cutting measures. According to a National Conference of State Legislators report in April, States have been forced to cut a number of critical programs. Twenty-nine States have attempted to balance their budgets by cutting spending on higher education. Twenty-five States have cut corrections programs. Twenty-two have cut Medicaid. Seventeen States have cut K-12 education. And ten States have reduced aid to local governments. In addition, a number of States have raised taxes and fees by a total of $2.4 billion in 2003.  We believe that the Federal Government can and should help States, and that it should do so in a responsible way. Therefore, today we are introducing legislation that would provide a temporary increase in the Federal Medicaid matching rate. It would increase the Federal Government's share of each State's Medicaid costs by 1.0 percent and hold the Federal matching rate for each State harmless for the remainder of this fiscal year and next. In addition, the bill includes a temporary block grant to States that would help them pay for the rising demand in social services resulting from the economic downturn. Our bill would provide approximately $8.9 billion in total fiscal relief to States which would allow them to expand, not contract, Medicaid and other health and social services.  Our approach to fiscal relief has been endorsed by the National Governors Association, which supports our bill because it represents a sound and reasonable, bipartisan approach to State fiscal relief, and one that could be enacted expeditiously. It is also endorsed by the American Hospital Association,which understands the importance of providing assistance to States at a time when many are looking toward health programs to help balance their budgets.  Our bill targets most of its assistance on Medicaid, which is the fastest growing component of State budgets. While State revenues were stagnant or declined in many states last year, Medicaid costs increased 11 percent. This year, Medicaid costs are increasing at an even greater rate, 13.4 percent. My home State of Maine is only one of a number of States that has been forced to consider cuts in their Medicaid programs to make up for their budget shortfalls.  Earlier this year, Maine was facing a $248 million revenue shortfall. Faced with nothing but tough choices, our Governor proposed $58 million in Medicaid cuts, including reductions in payments to hospitals, nursing homes, group homes, and physicians. He was also forced to propose a delay in the enactment of legislation passed by the State Legislature last year to expand Medicaid to provide health coverage to an estimated 16,000 low-income uninsured Mainers.  While subsequent revisions in the State's revenue forecasts enabled the Governor to restore most of these Medicaid cuts, the respite was only temporary. Earlier this month, Maine's budget estimators determined that the State's revenues would come in some $90 million under budget this year, and would experience another $90 million shortfall in the year to come. Suddenly, the State again must consider cutting critical programs and raising taxes. This is no small matter as, by some measures, Maine already imposes the highest tax burden in the Nation on its residents.  The legislation we are introducing today will help to bridge Maine's funding gap by bringing an additional $56 million to my State's Medicaid and social services programs over the next eighteen months These funds would help forestall the need for any further cuts, and, hopefully, allow Maine to proceed with its plans to expand its Medicaid program to provide health care coverage for more of our low-income uninsured.  The order facing Governor King in Maine and other governors across the country is a tall one indeed. The decisions they may be forced to make could affect the access of millions of Americans to health care and social services. I think we need to help, and the bill Senator Nelson and I introduce today does precisely that. We urge our colleagues to join us in this effort.  