President, I rise today with my colleagues, Senators Frist, Lieberman, DeWine, Roberts, and Sessions to introduce the Math, Science, and Special Education Teacher Recruitment Act of 2002. I particularly want to thank the Senator from Tennessee for his tireless efforts and his leadership on this issue. The legislation we have before us today is, in large part, a product of his commitment to affordable education. I would also like to thank the Senator from Connecticut for his assistance and his dedication to solving America's teacher shortage.  The legislation we are introducing is designed to recruit teachers with an expertise in math, science, or special education to work in schools with high concentrations of low-income students by offering substantial assistance with their student loan payments.  All across our Nation, public schools are struggling to fill teaching positions with qualified teachers. In the 2001-2002 school year, administrators had to hire an estimated 200,000 new teachers just to maintain the current teacher/student radio. Although universities continue to produce a greater number of teachers each year, the profession is losing too many of its most qualified and experienced personnel to retirement. In Maine, for example, 30.2 percent of teachers are over the age of 50. With such a large portion of the profession nearing retirement, additional replacements will be needed in the next few years. The national teaching shortage is expected to continue throughout the next decade, making it more and more difficult for schools to find qualified instructors.  Attracting new faculty is difficult enough, but finding applicants with backgrounds in math, science, or special education can be particularly demanding. Among first year teachers, approximately 55 percent graduated from college with a bachelors in general education. Many more graduated with liberal arts degrees or majors unrelated to the curriculum they teach. The result is a system where only 38 percent of public school teachers hold subject-matter specific degrees.  In Maine, the shortage of qualified applicants is most severe with regard to math, science, special education, and foreign languages. Eighty nine percent of our high schools reported a shortage in math teachers, and 87 percent reported a shortage of science teachers. With the recent developments in technology and computing, it is becoming more important than ever that our schoolchildren enter the workforce with a firm grasp of math and science. Yet, it is more and more difficult to attract math and science specialists to the teaching profession. As for special education, the Council for Exceptional Children reports that 50,000 special education positions were unfilled or filled by teachers without a full certification.  If this teacher shortage is a burden on suburban school districts with ample resources, you can imagine the strain it puts on high poverty school systems. Problems are amplified in high-need areas: Teachers are likely to be the least experienced, often just out of school, they are less likely to hold a masters degree, and they are less likely to have majored in their field of instruction.  To help deal with this epidemic, Senator FRIST and I put together a proposal that would expand the current loan forgiveness program for math and science teachers who are willing to teach in high-poverty areas. Under the Act, teachers who commit to teach for five consecutive years in a low-income/high-need area would be eligible for $17,500 in loan forgiveness instead of the current benefit of $5,000. To meet the pressing need for special educators, the proposal would also make special educators eligible for the loan assistance for the first time. We expect this legislation will expand upon the successes of the current program and encourage a greater number of college graduates to enter the teaching profession. We are also hopeful that it will encourage more of the best qualified teachers to consider teaching in high need areas.  We are delighted that the President has included $45 million in his budget for a similar proposal. Once again, President Bush has chosen to make education a priority, and I look forward to working with my colleagues and the Administration on this important piece of legislation.  