President, I would like to ask the chairman of the Finance Committee a question regarding the implementation of the provisions of the ethics reform bill as they apply to limited tax and tariff benefits. This legislation establishes the principle that the Members of this body and the American people at large should have full disclosure of the source and beneficiaries of legislative provisions that are directed to benefit a limited number of people or entities. The disclosure requirement would apply to limited tax and tariff benefits as well as to congressionally directed appropriations.  Specifically, the new rule states that it shall not be in order to vote on a motion to proceed to consider a bill or joint resolution unless the chairman of the committee of jurisdiction or the majority leader or his or her designee certifies that each limited tax or tariff benefit, if any, has been identified; that the Senator who submitted the request for such item has been identified; and that this information has been available on a publicly accessible congressional Web site in a searchable format at least 48 hours before such vote.  For the purpose of implementing this requirement, a ``limited tax benefit'' is defined as a revenue provision that ``(A) provides a Federal tax deduction, credit, exclusion, or preference to a particular beneficiary or limited group of beneficiaries under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and (B) contains eligibility criteria that are not uniform in application with respect to potential beneficiaries of such provision.'' A ``limited tariff benefit'' is defined as ``a provision modifying the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States in a manner that benefits 10 or fewer entities.''  Under the rule, a Senator who requests a limited tax or tariff benefit is required to provide a written statement to the chairman and ranking member of the committee of jurisdiction, including, among other things, the name of the Senator and ``in the case of a limited tax or tariff benefit, identification of the individual or entities reasonably anticipated to benefit, to the extent known to the Senator.'' It is the responsibility of the requesting Senator to provide such information to the chairman and ranking member of the committee of jurisdiction. The chairman will expect this information to be provided by the requesting Senator and will disclose this information to the public if a requested provision is included in a bill in the chairman's jurisdiction.  The intent of this new rule is to ensure that any Senator who requests a limited tax or tariff benefit discloses to the chairman and ranking member of the Finance Committee the identity of any individual or entities reasonably anticipated to benefit from the provision and that the identity of the Senator who requested the provision and the identity of the individual or entities reasonably anticipated to benefit are made available on a publicly accessible congressional Web site at least 48 hours before a vote on a motion to proceed to the measure that contains the provision. This disclosure applies when a limited number of taxpayers receive a benefit from a provision and the benefit is not uniformly available to othersimilarly situated taxpayers solely because the provision does not encompass those other similarly situated taxpayers. Does the chairman agree with this understanding of the proposed rule?  