President, many speeches are made on the floor, many amendments are offered, many bills, and many resolutions. Very few of them cause a ripple. A handful of people may follow them closely, a handful of people may care. The DREAM Act is a different thing. The DREAM Act is a bill which I thought about and introduced years ago, and it has finally reached this moment of truth where it comes to the floor of the Senate. The reason why this bill will be noticed is that literally thousands of young people across America know that their fate and future will be determined by this vote.  Yesterday, I had a press conference with three of these young people. A Congressman from the State of Colorado sent out a press release arguing that these three young people should be arrested in the Capitol. Of course, he didn't take the time to determine that they are all here now with the understanding of and disclosure to the Department of Homeland Security. But his press release is an indication of how badly this debate is going in America. To turn on these children and treat them as criminals is an indication of the level of emotion and, in some cases, bigotry and hatred that is involved in this debate.  America is better than that. America is a better nation than what we hear from the likes of that Congressman. What crime did these children commit? They committed the crime of obeying their parents; following their parents to this country. Do you think there was a vote in the household about their future? I don't think so. Mom and dad said: We are leaving. And the kids packed their suitcases and followed. That is their crime. That is the only crime you can point to. What did they do after they got here? To qualify under the DREAM Act, they had to make certain they didn't commit a crime while living in America; they had to have good moral character and beat the odds and graduate from high school. That is the only way they can qualify for this.  Then what do we say? Not enough. If you want to be legal in America, you have to do one of two things: Volunteer to serve in our military, to risk your life for America, and then we will give you a chance to be citizens. But even that is not good enough for some. Some argue, no, we don't want them in our military. We don't need them. Well, the people involved in our military know better. They know these are the kind of bright, promising young people who can serve our country with distinction and they tell us that.  What else could they do? They can pursue their education to show they are serious about making something out of their lives. These are the only two ways they get a chance. That is what the DREAM Act is all about.  I could go for an hour or more with stories of these young people whom I have met. They are hopeful and heartbreaking at the same time. They are hopeful stories because these are young people who have the same dreams my children have, the same dreams every American child has: to have a good life, a good family, and do something important in their lives. That is all they want.  The young woman from India I met in Chicago wants to be a dentist. The young man from Mexico, who is now pursuing his graduate degree in biomedical science, wants to go into research. A young girl from Texas is a graduate of nursing school but can't find a job because she is a person without a country. Tomorrow's teachers and engineers and scientists. All they are asking for is a chance. That is the hopeful side of it.  The heartbreaking side of it is these are kids without a country. They have nowhere to turn. Tam Tran, who is with us today and who joined me yesterday, has been through an arduous journey, starting in Vietnam, going to Germany, then coming to the United States. Her family can't return to Vietnam and face persecution, and Germany would not have her. She doesn't even speak German. Yet our government tells her: Leave. She graduated from UCLA. She wants to pursue a degree and be a professor.  Leave. We don't want you. Is that the message? If it is, it is the wrong message. Because time and again we are told we need talent in America to be a successful and prosperous nation. We are told we need to bring in talent from overseas with our H-1B visas and the H-2B visas. Well, how can we, on one side of the argument, say we need more talent and then turn these children away, turn these young people away? Give them a chance. Give them hope. Give them a chance to prove themselves in this country.  This bill puts them through a long process. It will not be easy. Some will not make it. Most will not make it. But those who do will make this a better Nation. Isn't that what we should be about?  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  