President, I respect the Senator from Wyoming. I wish to make sure we understand what happened last week. It was a good thing. We basically kept the amount that all student borrowers would pay based on the income they receive. As I understand the bill that was passed last week, which I was happy to support, there is a cap at 15 percent of the discretionary income of graduate students for those loans that are either in the Direct Loan Program or consolidated into the Direct Loan Program.  Basically, what it means from the chart I saw is that students, instead of paying back $600 or $700 a month, might face half that amount they would pay back because of the limit they would pay each year of 15 percent discretionary income, which I understand to be gross income less 150 percent of poverty for the student or the graduate in that category.  The reason I have come back this week to offer this is because we are talking about a group of individuals who are in an exceptional circumstance. They are people who will face an even greater debt than most college graduates. In addition to their undergraduate debt, they have the debt of a law education, which, as I noted here, can be substantial--almost $80,000 for those who have gone to public law schools, and $50,000 for those in private law schools on top of their undergraduate debt. Then we find that two-thirds of these students cannot seriously consider taking any job in public service or Government work because of the amount of their debt. So we have prosecutors coming in from all over the United States--and I would bet from your own State--saying: We are having some difficulties here. We can't attract the kind of talented young men and women from law schools, because of their debt, to come work as prosecutors and defenders in the criminal justice system and once there, we can't keep them. As soon as they have a good offer to go with a private firm, they leave. One of the compelling reasons is the fact that their student debt is so high.  So even though the bill passed last week is a good step, it is not adequate to the task. These particular graduates face more debt--dramatically more debt--than ordinary undergraduates or even graduate degree students in America. We have a special need. I would say to the Senator from Wyoming, I guess you can argue that this is special interest because it deals with our system of justice, but I think we all concur that as legislators, we can pass the best laws in the world in the criminal justice system, but if we don't have well-trained and competent lawyers prosecuting those cases on behalf of the people of this country, defending those charged on behalf of those who have been named defendants, then our system of justice will not work as well as it should.  I will concede that this goes after a special group, but I think there are special circumstances that warrant it.  So I hope the Senator will reconsider his opposition to this. As I said, it has bipartisan sponsorship because I thinkpeople realize that if we don't do this, we will diminish this branch of our Government which is so important for our democracy.  