President, I respect the Senator from Oklahoma. I respect his fiscal conservatism. I respect his belief that our budget deficit is a source of growing concern for all of us. He says we need to start with good habits. I believe we need to start with the right language. We need to understand what the Senator is asking us to consider.  He started by saying that no family in America has the luxury the Federal Government has of spending more than they bring in year after year after year, which is what our deficit does at the Federal level. No argument there. Let me use another family example. My wife and I have raised three children. Occasionally, we have given them some choices. A father could say to his son: You have $200 coming up for your birthday. Here are the choices you can make: You can buy a new suit--it wouldn't be a bad idea if you are going to go out for an interview--or you can buy that bicycle you have had your eye on for a long time that you want to take to college or I know you want to buy an iPod. OK. Make a choice, but you only get $200. Make one of those choices. I authorize your birthday gift to be spent on those three things, but I will not appropriate--I will not give you the $200 for all three, only for one. Three choices are on the table; you only get to choose one.  Authorization bills put choices on the table, and then the appropriations bills make a choice. It doesn't mean my son is going to get $600 at the end of the day; he only gets $200. He has to make a choice from the gifts I have authorized. The Senator from Oklahoma is arguing that giving my son a choice of three things means he is going to demand all three and get them. Wrong. It is a matter of discipline when it comes to the appropriations process. The authorization process is not the problem. We could authorize much more than we ultimately spend, and we do, but in the final reckoning, the budget resolution says you can only spend so much money. You can only spend $200 on your birthday, I say to my son, even though you are being given three authorized choices.  So when the Senator offers us this sense of the Senate, it sounds an awful lot like pay-go, which is now the process we are following in the Senate which says: If you want to spend some money, you have to find a way to increase a tax or cut spending in other areas. It is pay as you go. But the Senator from Oklahoma applies it to authorizations. It is a different world. Confusing the two is not going to help us reach a balanced budget; confusing the two creates confusion. Authorization is not appropriation.  Earmarks can be appropriations. I have seen them. I have done them. I have announced them in press releases. I am happy to do so to bring money back to my State as best I can for good reasons, and I stand by them and defend them. People challenge them. That is the nature of this business as I consider it.  The bottom line is, if I am authorized to have three bridges in Illinois, authorized to have three bridges in Illinois and only have money for one bridge to be appropriated, I have to make a choice. The people in my State have to make a choice. Life is about choices. It is not about what I might choose; it is what I ultimately have to choose--one bridge, one birthday gift. That is the appropriation. That is why this is so different.  Ordinarily, this resolution, until it gets to its resolved sense-of-the-Senate clause, is pretty easy to take. I might disagree with some of the rhetoric here and there, but when you end by arguing that an authorization is an expenditure of money, it is just not accurate. It doesn't state what happens here in Congress.  