President, pending before the Senate and a vote in a few moments is an amendment by the Senator from North Dakota, Mr. Dorgan. It will sunset the guest worker program at 5 years. We will stop at 5 years and take a look at this immigration program and decide whether it is good for America, whether it is fair and just.  I don't believe that is an unreasonable request. I think it is the right thing to do, and I will be supporting that amendment.  I wish to speak to that amendment, but first I wish to say a word about the bill.  Mr. President, 96 years ago, just a few miles from where we are meeting, on July 18, 1911, a woman came down a gangplank in Baltimore, MD. She had just arrived on a voyage from Bremen, Germany. She had a 2-year-old little girl in her arms and two young children, a boy and a girl, by her side. She stepped foot in America in Baltimore and took a train to join up with her husband in a place called East St. Louis, IL.  This woman who brought these three children across the Atlantic didn't speak English. She only knew that her husband was waiting 800 miles away and was making her journey. That woman was my grandmother. The baby in her arms was my mother. That was 96 years ago. Ninety-six years later, the son of that little girl stands as a United States Senator from Illinois. It is a story about America.  This Nation is great because of the immigrants and their sons and daughters who came here and made it great. I am certain that when my mother's family announced to their villagers in Jurbarkas, Lithuania, that they were leaving for America, that they were leaving behind their home, their garden, their church, their history, their language, and their culture and heading someplace where they couldn'teven speak the language, I am sure as their neighbors walked away in the darkness that evening they all said the same thing: They'll be back. They'll be back.  They didn't go back. They stayed here. They built America. People similar to them have been building America since the beginning.  This bill is about immigration. It is about a system of immigration that has failed us. It has failed us because 800,000 undocumented illegal people pour across our southern border every year into America. It has failed us because employers welcome these employees, often paying them dirt wages under poor conditions and say to them: We will use you until we don't need you, and then you are on your own.  These immigrants sacrifice for themselves, send their money home, and dream of someday that they will have security and peace of mind. That is the story.  Sadly, we have 10 or 12 million now in our country who came that way, with no legality or documentation.  I salute Senator Kennedy and those who brought this bill to the floor. They have worked long and hard for years to deal with this issue honestly. They have to fight the talk show hosts who are on every afternoon screaming about immigration with not one positive thought of what we can do about it. Instead, Senator Kennedy and many like him have stood up and said: We will risk our political reputation by putting this measure before America. Let's do something and fix this broken immigration system.  I salute them for that--for border enforcement, for workplace enforcement, for dealing honestly, fairly, legally, in an American way with the 12 million people who are here.  The amendment before us addresses one part. It addresses the guest worker program. As written in this bill, we would allow 400,000 people a year to come into America and work as temporary workers, and that number could increase. By action of the Senate yesterday, we reduced the 400,000 to 200,000.  Do we need 200,000 guest workers every year in America? I don't know the answer to that. I can tell you today that among college graduates in America, the unemployment rate is 1.8 percent. The unemployment rate for high school graduates is 7 percent. It tells me that there is a pool of untapped talent in America.  Do we need 200,000 people coming from overseas each year to supplement our workforce? I don't know the answer to that question. There are those who insist we do and some who say we don't. And that is why Senator Dorgan's amendment is important. It says we will try the 200,000 a year for 5 years and then stop and assess where we are, what has happened to wages of American workers, what has happened to businesses that need additional workers. We can make an honest assessment at that point. If we see American wages going down, if we see the unemployment rate of Americans going up, we may want to calibrate, reconsider.  His is a thoughtful and reasonable approach. Senator Kennedy has said, and he is right, that we establish standards of treatment for these guest workers that are dramatically better than what they face today. There is gross exploitation taking place. We know that.  Many of these undocumented, illegal workers are treated very kindly, but many are exploited. We know the stories. we hear them, we read about them. We can change that, and we should. A great nation should not allow people to be exploited in this way.  It is not inconsistent to say that we will have a limited number of guest workers, that we will treat them fairly and honestly and in a decent manner, with decent wages, and then step back in 5 years and make an assessment of where we are. I think that is a reasonable approach to take.  There are many positive provisions in this bill, but the one thing that troubles me is the idea of guest workers being here for 2 years and leaving, creating a rotating class of people with little investment in the United States. How will that work? We already know the answer to that question. That is what European nations are doing today. They are bringing in people from former colonies and other countries. The Turks are coming into Germany, Africans coming into France, but they never become part of those countries. They are always the workforce. They become angry. They become dispossessed. They riot in the streets because they have no investment in that country in which they are working. They are being exploited and used. I don't want to see that happen in America. I want those who are living here to be vested in this country and its values and its ideals.  Finally, let me say that when it comes to guest workers and H-1B visas, where we invite higher skilled workers, our first obligation is to the workers of America, those who are unemployed and those who have the American dream but just need an American chance. As we look at each of these categories of workers, let us make certain that the first question we ask and answer is, are we dedicated to the workers and the families across America to make sure they have a fighting chance to realize the same American dream my mother realized when she came off the boat.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  