President, I rise in opposition to the motion to commit. This appropriations process is about choices. We have to make these choices. I think Senator Mikulski, as chairman of the Commerce, Justice, and Science Subcommittee, and her counterpart, Senator Shelby, have made good choices. If you look at the money that is spent here over what the President requested, you have a right to ask: What are we going to spend it on? When you ask that question, you understand why they made the right choices.  Does America need 100 more FBI agents to fight the rising threat of violent crime? We do in Illinois and in Maryland and in West Virginia, maybe even in Mississippi, because we find the violent crime rate rising in America. Do we need the 100 more FBI agents the Senator has called for? I think the people across America would say: Obviously, we do.  How about the Drug Enforcement Agency? Is the drug issue no longer a problem in America? I wish that were the case. We know better. What Senator Mikulski has done here is put an extra $50 million in this bill for the Drug Enforcement Agency to lift its hiring freeze, to hire 200 new agents to fight the drug peddlers and drug gangs across America. Is that a priority? Is that worth spending more than the President requested? Obviously, it is.  Have you been back to your hometowns to meet with the police department? Remember what they asked you about first: What have you heard about Byrne grants? What have you heard about the COPS Program? How about the Federal money that is going down to police departments so they can have better training, better equipment, and be ready if, God forbid, something terrible happens in that community. That is what they ask me about in Illinois. Senator Mikulski heard that, Senator Shelby heard that, and they put an additional $1.6 billion in to go back to State and local governments to help on law enforcement preparedness.  If we ever face another act of terrorism, it is unlikely that our local residents are going to pick up the phone and call Members of Congress. They are going to dial 9-1-1 and pray to God that the party on the other end of that call is a fire department and a police department and a medical responder ready to move, and move quickly and effectively. With this appropriation, we will be able to do that. The list goes on.  What troubles me about this whole debate is that last year, when the Republican Congress sent spending bills to the President $50 billion over his request, he didn't veto one of them. He didn't even threaten to veto one of them. He didn't take a trip to South Carolina to announce he was going to veto one of them. Not one. This year, we are $20 billion over and the President says: I am standing my ground.  Well, let me tell you about the ground that he is standing on. It is shaky.  