We do that every 5 years--1,360 pages. Why are we doing this? We are doing this because in 1932 a President named Franklin Delano Roosevelt looked out at the farmers of America and said: We have a serious problem. These poor people are going bankrupt and losing their farms because of circumstances beyond their control, because of weather, because of terrible prices. He said: We are going to step in as a government and make a difference. We are going to provide asafety net so that families who are farming do not lose their farms. Thank God he did it, and thank goodness we continue this tradition through this farm bill.  Every time we argue or debate a bill such as this, we debate it in the poetry of family farms and the heart of American values. But when you take a look inside this bill, you will not find poetry; you will find the prose of corporate farming and people who have decided to use this farm bill to make a fortune. That is the reality.  Many of these so-called farmers are more adept at reaping Federal checks than they are reaping and harvesting any crop known to man. Is what they are doing illegal? No. This bill makes it legal, legal for them to use these Federal farm programs, designed to help the struggling farmers, to make a fortune personally.  I listened to Senator Chambliss talk about the struggling farmers with dirt under their fingernails. Listen, many of the people who are making a fortune off of this farm bill end up at the end of the day with the ink from corporate annual reports on their hands and no dirt under their fingernails--trust me. What Senator Klobuchar and myself and Senator Brown are trying to say is, shouldn't there be a bottom line where you say: Listen, you are doing quite well in life; the Federal Government is no longer going to subsidize you.  Here is the bottom line. If your adjusted gross income is over $750,000 a year, we say: You are on your own. Good luck. We hope life continues to be very good to you. And we go on to say that the income limit for those who earn less than 66 percent of that income from farming would be $250,000. We will give no more than a quarter of a million dollars of hard-earned taxpayers' dollars to those who are doing very well in life.  Is that an unreasonable standard? At a time when we are waging a war at $14 billion a month, that we do not pay for; at a time that we cannot fund our schools under No Child Left Behind; when this President will not increase Federal research to find cures for diseases facing American families, is it unreasonable to say we should have limits to the amount of money we should pay those who call themselves farmers but, in fact, are just investors?  I do not think it is unreasonable. This amendment is the same as the issue I raised this morning. This morning, by one vote, the Senate decided to continue the subsidy to oil companies in America making record-breaking profits.  The question on this amendment is, Will we continue to subsidize the rich who are using the farm program to get richer?  