President, I rise today to discuss two amendments that I have filed to this bill, Nos. 1027 and 1023. I do not intend to offer them at this time, but they raise important issues that I would like to highlight.  I want to begin by thanking the chairman, Senator Kennedy, and ranking member, Senator Enzi, for their hard work on this bill. Together, we made significant progress yesterday by adopting an ambitious amendment to improve our food safety system for both humans and pets.  I also want to thank Senators Kennedy and Enzi for agreeing to work on a comprehensive food safety package. That commitment is not taken lightly, and I look forward to working with them on this comprehensive package.  Although we took great strides yesterday with respect to food safety, there are two important areas where the FDA is limited in its ability to protect our food supply. These weaknesses have been exposed in recent recalls: the E. coli spinach contamination; the peanut butter recall; and, most recently, the expanding pet food recall that has entered, or at least come very close to entering, the human food supply.  The first weakness is that the FDA lacks the authority to issue a recall or pull defective products from shelves to protect consumers.  This is surprising to many people, but here is a quote from the FDA website, summarizing its recall authorities:       The manufacturers or distributors of the product carry out      most recalls of products regulated by FDA voluntarily. In      some instances, a company discovers that one of its products      is defective and recalls it entirely on its own. In others,      FDA informs a company of findings that one of its products is      defective and suggests or requests a recall. Usually, the      company will comply.  This is true. Most often, companies comply, and there are penalties for failing to recall.  However, sometimes companies recognize that they have a problem but choose not to recall a product because they are afraid of upsetting consumer confidence or losing market share. The FDA has reported multiple instances of firms failing to recall or recall in a timely fashion.  In the pet food recall, companies have time and time again expanded their recalls, and the process has lasted more than 6 weeks. Just yesterday Menu Foods, the first company to recall on March 16, 2007, expanded its recall yet again. This recall was for products made during the same period of time as the other recalled products announced on March 16. Menu Foods has also announced an expanding date range of contaminated product.  This same weakness was on display in 2002 in the ConAgra beef recall.  Unfortunately, without the power of mandatory recall, the FDA is in a weaker position to force companies to announce recalls quickly or to thoroughly study the extent of a recall. The result is slow, uneven, voluntary recalls that leave consumers at risk.  The Consumer Protection Safety Commission, the EPA, and even the FDA with respect to infant formula have recall authority. Why, then, does the FDA not have that authority for the other foods it regulates?  This authority would expedite the speed and thoroughness of voluntary recalls, protect consumers, and protect industries against bad actions that threaten consumer confidence.  A revision of recall authority is very much overdue, and my amendment would provide that. I hope that this issue will be seriously considered in the broader package of food safety reform.  The second area I would like to raise is the lack of resources for the FDA's food safety efforts.  One of the most significant aspects of the pet food recall and other food contaminations we have observed in recent years is that the FDA is struggling with its increasing responsibilities and its current level of resources.  If we look at the increasing volume of food that the United States imports each year, it is clear why this is a problem. In 2003, the United States imported $45.6 billion of agricultural products. Today, that number is $64 billion. Agricultural imports from China alone have nearly doubled from $1.2 billion to $2.1 billion.  Much of the responsibility for overseeing and inspecting the safety of these imports rests with the FDA. However, due to fairly flat budgets, the overall number of inspectors looking at these shipments and at domestic food processors actually has decreased from 2003 to the present from a level of more than 3,000 inspectors to about 2,700 inspectors today.  Less than 1.5 percent of these imports are inspected by the FDA, and the FDA lacks the resources and authorities to certify the standards of our trading partners.  This situation presents an economic, public health, and bioterrorism risk to the United States. The CDC estimates that 76 million Americans become sick from food borne illnesses each year. More than 300,000 are hospitalized and 5,000 die each year.  We clearly need to review the FDA's funding to ensure it has the resources necessary to safeguard the 80 percent of our food supply that it is responsible for regulating.  The FDA office that is responsible for food imports, the Center for Food Safety and Nutrition, is also responsible for regulating $417 billion of domestic food and $59 billion of cosmetics. This includes points of entry into the United States, approximately 300,000 food establishments, and 3,500 cosmetic firms. President Bush has requested only $467 million for fiscal year 2008 for this department to regulate all of this activity, and only $312 million of that amount would be for inspectors.  Therefore, I am pursuing two tracks in this area. Last week, I sent a letter to Chairman Kohl and Senator Bennett of the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, which funds the FDA, asking for a significant increase in the level of funding for the FDA Foods Program. I hope my colleagues will join me in this effort.  Secondly, the amendment I have filed to this bill would direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to study the feasibility of a user fee program for foods that would incorporate lessons learned from the prescription drug user fee program. This study would present various options on creating a user fee program for foods that could increase the resources and capabilities of the FDA in this area. Specifically, it calls for legislative recommendations that analyze the expected revenues for the FDA, as well as the costs to industry by sector.  For the sake of improving food safety, I think it is vital that we explore the various options for providing the FDA with adequate resources.  Again, I will not offer this amendment at this time, but I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting such a study in the future as Congress deals with broad food safety reform.  