President, my second degree amendment reflects my belief that we cannot continue to import nurses from other countries without also taking steps to step up capacity for training nurses here in the U.S. We all know that the United States faces a serious shortage of qualified nurses. Projections show that by the year 2020, our country will fall short of the nurses we need by one million nurses.  Why do we have this looming shortage? Certainly it is due in part to our growing and aging population. But there are also structural problems with the domestic nursing system that limit the number of nurses we educate and train in this country. The main structural problems are an insufficient number of nurse educators and a shortage of clinical space for training. An American Association of Colleges of Nursing survey showed that nursing colleges denied admission to nearly 43,000 qualified applicants in 2006 academic year. The top reasons these applications were not accepted were insufficient faculty and not enough admissions slots. This is a bottleneck that is stifling the supply of nurses in this country. And we need to fix it.  We need to devote resources to training and hiring new nursing faculty and expanding clinical space for nursing schools so they can accept more qualified students. These investments will exponentially increase the number of trained American nurses. The Schumer-Hutchison amendment's approach to fixing our nursing shortage is to allow up to 61,000 foreign nurses to enter the country as green card holders. Importing these thousands of foreign nurses is only a band-aid solution to our projected nursing shortage of 1million. But it is also a step that deflates any momentum towards finding real solutions for our domestic nursing crisis. We have done these nursing visa recaptures before. In fact, 2 years ago in 2005, the President signed into law a recapture of 50,000 nursing visas as part of that year's Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act. Did this 2005 visa recapture stop the nursing shortage? Of course not. It was a band-aid solution. But it did undermine momentum for efforts to undertake the real reform that we know we need. And so here we are again, 2 years later, with hospitals desperate for more nurses.  My second degree amendment is a reasonable compromise that will help both the hospitals in the short term and the domestic nursing supply in the long term. My amendment would require employers who successfully petition for a recaptured nursing green card to pay a $1,500 fee.  This fee would be used to fund a grant program that would provide grants to U.S. nursing schools for hiring nurse faculty, expanding training capacity, and recruiting more students. $1,500 is not a large fee--hospitals often spend many times that amount for the services of foreign nurse recruiting companies. However, under my amendment, hospitals that are in dire financial straits, like Health Professional Shortage Area facilities and Louisiana hospitals still recovering from Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, would receive a waiver from paying this fee. Neither does my amendment also impose the fee on the dependents of any nurses who receive a recaptured green card.  Again, the Durbin 2nd degree amendment is a reasonable compromise that will help both the hospitals in the short term and the domestic nursing supply in the long term. It will allow for the additional nursing green cards to address immediate needs, but it will also take steps that will put the American nursing profession on a path to sustainability. My amendment also contains two measured steps to enhance global healthcare cooperation and to safeguard against a crippling brain drain of foreign healthcare workers from countries where they are critically needed. The first provision would allow a healthcare worker who is a legal permanent resident in the U.S. to temporarily provide healthcare services in a country that is underdeveloped or that has suffered a disaster or public health emergency--like the 2004 tsunami--without jeopardizing his or her immigration status in the U.S. The second provision would require a foreigner who is petitioning to work in the U.S. as a health care worker to attest that he or she has satisfied any outstanding commitment to his or her home country under which the foreigner received money for medical training in return for a commitment to work in that country for a period of years. The goal of this second provision is to ensure that foreign countries do not invest money in healthcare workers who then renege on commitments to work in their country without satisfying their commitment in some way, such as by a new voluntary agreement. There is a waiver available in case of coercion by the home country government. My amendment is strongly supported by the American Nurses Association and the American Association of Nursing Colleges.  I urge my colleagues to support the domestic nursing profession and support global healthcare cooperation. I urge passage of my amendment.  