President, I have been speaking with our colleague from Oklahoma. On some of this, I say to the Senator, we may be able to reach an understanding. As I understand it, from the original language of the bill which referred to earmarks as non-Federal spending, that language ``non-Federal'' is stricken, leading us to conclude that it applies to Federal earmarks as well.  The Senator from Oklahoma says he believes the distinction should be whether the program is authorized. That is not in the language of the amendment of the Senator from South Carolina.  It is important for us, if we are going to change the Senate rules, to explorein some detail the language we use. Although the Senator's intent may be noble, I am opposing it as currently written because I think we need to tighten it and make sure we achieve what we want to achieve.  The final point I will make is, as disappointing as the underlying bill may be to some, to others, I think it is a positive step forward. It is going to result in more required transparency and disclosure than currently exists.  If the Senator feels we should move beyond it, perhaps at another time we can, but let's do it in a manner that achieves exactly what the Senator has described on the floor. I think the language presented to us does not achieve that.  Mr. DeMINT. Mr. President, I appreciate the Senator's transparency. I have been around long enough to know exactly what is going to happen. If we have a transparent provision for 5 percent of earmarks, but if we do them another way, such as in report language, they are not transparent, and this is going to encourage more perversion of the way we do business because what is going to happen is we are going to push more and more of our earmarks into report language in conference bills that we don't know is there and the American people don't know is there.  We know how this place operates, and we are going to choose the path of least resistance. If we don't have to disclose it if it is in report language, but we do if it is in the bill, then we are actually going to do harm to the process.  I will tell the Senator from Illinois this: He mentioned a Senate rule. We are not talking about a Senate rule. We are talking about a statute of law we are passing that will go to conference with the House. The Senator, obviously, as a member of the majority, will have ample opportunity to change this provision, but I think it would be a good signal to America, to the House, to our colleagues in the Senate that if we adopt this amendment today, and if there are ways to improve it in conference, I am certainly open to that. But to table this amendment and to say we don't even want to discuss or vote on an amendment that creates more disclosure and honesty in the process, I think does harm to what we are trying to do today.  