President, I rise to enter into a colloquy with the Senator from Iowa, chairman of the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee, Mr. Harkin. I am pleased that the subcommittee has designated funding for a community-based doula initiative within the Maternal and Child Health Bureau. In particular, I am eager to see that this funding be used in part to support technical assistance and evaluation activities.  Poor and low-income adolescents make up 38 percent of all women ages 15 to 19, yet they account for 73 percent of all pregnancies in that age group. Teenage mothers are much less likely than older women to receive timely prenatal care and are more likely to smoke during pregnancy. Because of these and other factors, babies born to teenagers are more likely to arrive too early and at a lower birth weight, which puts them at greater risk for serious and long-term illness and developmental delays.  In Chicago, we have seen how the community-doula model can improve the odds for those young moms and their babies. The Chicago Health Connection pioneered this model. The group trained mentors from the community to work with at-risk moms, many of whom had few ideas of where else to turn. These mentors spend time in the neighborhood, finding and befriending pregnant women who need help. With the guidance of the doula, the Chicago Health Connection found that more young mothers were going to their prenatal care appointments, making better lifestyle choices, and not surprisingly delivering healthier babies. The doulas stay with the moms through the early months, encouraging breastfeeding, cuddling, interactive play, and other critically important developmental activities. The key to success in this model is the doula, who comes from the same communities they serve. The doula provides culturally sensitive pregnancy and childbirth education and helps ensure that pregnant women know how to access prenatal care and social services.  My request to the subcommittee to transform this model into a national priority was supported by Senators Obama, Bingaman, Brown and Casey. In a time of budget constraints, I know that not many new programs were begun and I thank the chairman for making this program a reality. I also commend the chairman for his foresight in expanding it to include community-based breastfeeding programs in rural areas.  I am eager to see the Chicago Health Connection model successfully replicated and to make that happen, it is important that new programs have guidance and help to not reinvent the wheel. I would hope that the national program would include funding for a national leader with expertise in the replication of the community-based doula model as well as expertise in breastfeeding promotion to provide training, technical assistance and evaluation services.  