President, the Senate is just returning from a week home. I spent the week in my home State of Illinois traveling from far southern Illinois to Chicago and most points in between. It was a busy week. I met with a lot of people and continue to be amazed that there is such a disconnect between the real world of America and the world of Capitol Hill.  In about 48 hours, the U.S. House of Representatives is going to have a historic vote. It is about children's health insurance. Here we are, the wealthiest Nation on Earth, with the best doctors, the best hospitals, the best technology, amazing medical research. Yet when it comes down to basic health care protection, America falls short. We spent more money per capita than any nation on Earth on health care, but our outcomes do not show it. Countries that spend a lot less get a lot more. Other countries around the world have made a dedicated effort to make sure every citizen in their nation has the protection of basic health care.  But not America. Forty-seven million Americans have no health insurance. We tried to address that with the Children's Health Insurance Program 10 years ago. We looked at the 40 million uninsured Americans and said: 15 million are kids; let's start there. Let's cover these children. Let's make sure they have health insurance, not through a government plan but through private health insurance. We will take money, grants and money, send it to the States, work with the Governors, share the expense, and bring these kids under hospitalization coverage. In 10 years it worked. From 15 million uninsured, we were able to insure 6.6 million children in America; 300,000 in my home State of Illinois.  Well, with the new Congress and the expiration of this program, we took another look at it and said: Can we do better? Can we extend this beyond 6.6 million kids to more of the 15 million targeted group of children? We found a way to do it. We did it in a bipartisan way, a cooperative effort with the Republican side of the aisle, an effort that involves Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa, Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, well-known, conservative Republicans who sat down with Senators Max Baucus and Ted Kennedy and hammered out the details--Thirty-five billion dollars more in spending over the next 5 years.  Now, the first reaction, of course, is that most people say: Great, you dreamed up an expansion of a program that costs us $35 billion. Thanks a lot. Our kids will pay for it.  Wrong. We insisted that it be paid for. How is it paid for? By increasing the Federal tax on tobacco products. That is it. I am not going to beat around the bush and tell you there is some secret way to do it. That is how we did it. We raised the Federal tax on tobacco products, cigarettes and cigars. You can sign me up, incidentally, any day of the week. I am one Senator. I am sure there are many like me who have lost a loved one to cancer brought on by tobacco. Most people in America have been touched by tobacco disease and illness.  I believe one of the best things we can do is to keep tobacco products out of the hands of our kids. When you raise the price by raising the tax, children are discouraged from buying the product. Good. If kids do not get addicted early and stick around until they are about 18 to make the choice, they will decide it is a pretty dumb idea. But if they start smoking at 14, 15, 16, an addiction gets started. So we raised the tobacco tax to come up with the $35 billion. Over the next 5 years we will expand the health insurance coverage from 6.6 million children to 10 million children in America--still not 15 but clearly moving in the right direction.  We passed the bill over here with an amazing vote. In a time when we have these death-defying votes of 1 vote here, 1 vote here, 69 Senators voted for the bipartisan approach to expand children's health insurance.  We sent the bill over to the House. 