President, I rise to speak in support of the bipartisan Brown-Sununu-McCaskill RESCU amendment.  This amendment significantly improves the way we target Federal resources to agriculture--eliminating waste and providing additional investments in important programs. The amendment also redirects hundreds of millions of dollars into deficit reduction that would otherwise subsidize large insurance companies.  As my colleague, Senator Brown, points out, in the last 7 years crop insurance companies have received 40 cents out of every dollar that Congress has appropriated for the crop insurance program--that is $9 billion out $19 billion for the program. This is billions of dollars meant for farmers that ended up in the pockets of insurance companies. The Brown amendment cuts $2 billion of that spending by lowering the subsidy rate for insurers.  Currently, that subsidy is calculated based on crop prices. As crop prices rise, so does the subsidy--even though the work burden stays the same. Rising commodity prices have driven up premiums so that these subsidies are now over three times what they were 10 years ago, even though the cost of administering the policies has stayed the same.  In other words, it makes no sense.  This amendment reduces the reimbursement rate to the 2004-2006 national per policy average. This level is still higher than any year prior to 2006 and is quite fair to the companies.  A recent GAO report showed that compared to other insurance sectors, crop insurance companies earn profits that are more than double industry averages. I don't have a problem with industry profits, but I don't think those profits should come right out of the pockets of U.S. taxpayers.  This amendment would require that insurers share a portion of their underwriting gains or losses with Federal taxpayers by increasing the Federal share of risk from 5 percent to 15 percent.  The $2 billion in savings would fund over $1 billion in improvements to the Food Stamp Program, $400 million for conservation programs, $200 million for the McGovern-Dole Food for Education Program, and over $600 million for deficit reduction.  Through these changes, we will be able to conserve soil and water quality on millions of acres of farmland, provide real food benefits to a countless number of less fortunate Americans, and make a significant investment in the lives of millions of children from some of the poorest corners of the world.  Farmers will not pay more for crop insurance. This amendment does not reduce premium subsidies to farmers. Premium subsidies are set by law. This amendment does not change them.  I thank my colleagues, Senators Brown and McCaskill, for their hard work assembling this language.  Now, let me just say a few words about the McGovern-Dole Program, which would enjoy increased funding under this amendment.  The amendment would provide enough mandatory money for the McGovern-Dole International School Feeding Program to provide nutritious meals to millions of children each year who would otherwise go hungry.  The McGovern-Dole Program is based on a simple idea that I first read about in an op-ed written by former Senator George McGovern in 2000. The op-ed was titled ``Too Many Children Are Hungry. Time for Lunch,'' and it argued that the fastest way to alleviate poverty in less developed countries is to provide healthy, nutritious meals to children attending school. The principle is simple--by linking school attendance with nutritious meals, you provide an incentive for families to send their children to school to become educated, rather than keeping them at home to work. And as children become more educated and better fed, they grow up smarter, stronger, and better able to earn a living and make positive contributions to their societies.  The statistics are startling. Since it was founded in 2000 by President Clinton as the Global Food for Education Initiative, GFEI, the program has provided healthy meals to more than 26 million boys and girls in 41 countries around the world. Through the program, American-grown wheat, rice, peas, corn, and other crops have been provided to young children in countries as diverse as Afghanistan, Chad, Nicaragua, Nepal, and Senegal. More than 500,000 metric tons of commodities have been distributed since the program's inception.  In communities that have benefited from the McGovern-Dole Program, school attendance rates have increased 14 percent on average and 17 percent for girls compared to similar communities that have not benefited from the program. What is even more amazing than the statistics are the stories about what this program enables in some of the world's poorest communities.  Take my friend Paul Tergat. Paul Tergat is the current world record holder in the marathon. He ran the 26.2 mile race in 2 hours 4 minutes. When Paul was a child living in Kenya, he received free lunches through a World Food Program school feeding program. Without the program, he says he would not have been able to go to school because his parents were too poor. He says it is likely he never would have trained to become an athlete were it not for the generosity of the program.  Like many of my colleagues, I have seen school feeding programs like these in person, and I can tell you they have a transformative effect. I saw the program when I traveled to Kibera in Kenya--it is one of the world's largest slums. Over 1 million people. It is the slum that you see if you have ever watched the film ``The Constant Gardener.'' When you visit, there are people as far as the eye can see, kids playing in the streets, in railway yards, everywhere.  We visited a school in Kibera and saw a feeding program in action. At lunch time, the students were provided with what looked like gruel or porridge--it was a highly nutritious enriched food provided thanks to the productivity of U.S. farmers and the generosity of U.S. taxpayers. The children stood in line patiently, and you could just tell this was going to be their one meal of the day. And they were there in school so they could get that meal. It is these types of stories that make you a believer in the power of school feeding programs. This program is transformative in the lives of vulnerable children around the world. And it promotes U.S. interests around the world. Delivering bags of food labeled as gifts of the people of the United States is a public diplomacy tool that demonstrates the good will and generosity of the American people. It represents the best of our values, and it tells people all over the world who we are and what America stands for. Imagine the possibilities for shaping perceptions of the United States if we significantly increase our investment in the McGovern-Dole Program--the millions more children we could touch at an early, impressionable age and give the most basic gift of a healthy, nutritious childhood.  The McGovern-Dole Program is also good for American farmers and the agriculture industry. In 2005, the program distributed approximately 120,000 metric tons of U.S. commodities. The McGovern-Dole Program is also good for related industries, including processors, millers, packagers, freight forwarders and shippers, as well as U.S. port facilities.  The program serves as one more market for U.S. commodities, which is one reason the program has the support of a wide range of industry groups, including the American Soybean Association, the North American Millers Association, and the National Farmers Union.  This is a strong amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote yes.  