President, what are we talking about? We are talking about children. We are talking about children who are brought to this country by their parents. Since when in America do we visit the sins and crimes of parents on children?  If a parent commits a crime, does that mean the child goes to prison? If a parent disqualifies himself or herself from American citizenship, does that mean the child can never have a chance? Is that what America has cometo amidst the confusion and distortion and vitriol on this debate on immigration, children such as Marie Gonzalez? She was brought to this country from Costa Rica by her parents at the age of 5. Her parents have been deported as illegals. Because I have made a special request, she has been allowed to continue to finish her college education at Westminister College in Missouri. Her goal is to be an American and to give to the only country she has ever known. Costa Rica is not her country; America is her country.  What we are talking about is turning these children out. And what sin, what crime did they commit? They obeyed their parents; they followed their parents. And for some, that is going to be a mark of Cain on their head forever in America. Is that what we are all about? Give these kids a chance. Meet them. Take time to see these children. Many of us have.  And what you will see in their eyes is the same kind of hope for this country we want to see in our own children's eyes, to be doctors and nurses and teachers, engineers, to find cures for diseases, start businesses, the things that make America grow.  Give these kids a chance. Do not take your anger out on illegal immigration on children who have nothing to say about this. They were brought to this country, they have lived a good life, they have proven themselves, they have beaten the odds. We need them.  Do not turn around and tell me tomorrow that you need H1-B visas to bring in talented people to America because we do not have enough. Do not tell me you need H2-B, H2-A, and all of the rest of them if you are going to turn away these children, if you are going to say: America doesn't need you, go about your business, find someplace in the world. Do not come back to me and tell me that we need a bigger labor pool and more talent in America.  How can we say no to hope? How can we say no to these kids when all they want is a piece of the American dream? Please, vote to proceed to the DREAM Act. I will work with Senator Hutchison on a bipartisan amendment. We will do our best. I think we can come up with something. Give us a chance. Give these kids a chance.  I yield the floor.  