President, I thank Senators Lautenberg and Lott for their hard work in bringing this important bill to the floor. They have worked on this issue for years and have always done so in a bipartisan manner.  I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bill which helps our Nation in many ways, not the least of which is relieving congestion on our overcrowded transportation system.  We are facing a congestion crisis in this country today, and the problem is only getting worse. Congestion causes Americans to travel 4.2 billion hours longer and purchase an extra 2.9 billion gallons of gas each year, for a total congestion cost of $78 billion. This is an increase from 2004 of 220 million hours, 140 million gallons of gas, and $5 billion. The Texas Transportation Institute calculates that the cost to the average traveler is $710 a year.  Americans are not just facing congestion on our roads; we're facing it in our skies and at our airports too. Across the country, flights are being delayed longer and longer, while passengers sit in the terminal or are forced to sit on the tarmac. Airlines are overwhelmed trying to balance the increased demand for air travel with the shrinking space in our skies.  Amtrak is a big part of the solution to this congestion crisis. Amtrak trains take cars off the roads and offer passengers a faster, more comfortable alternative to air travel for short-distance trips.  Furthermore, the average Amtrak train emits two-thirds less global warming pollution per passenger mile than cars and trucks and half the global warming pollution of airplanes. We can already see the environmental benefits of Amtrak service, despite centuries-old tracks and aging equipment. This bill is critical because it will lay the groundwork for Amtrak to achieve its full potential.  The technology behind trains continues to improve and is more efficient. With the right Federal investment, we can see energy-efficient, high-speed trains moving passengers between cities cleaner and quicker than by car or plane.  We are beginning to see these benefits in my home State, as the State of Illinois doubled its investment in passenger rail last year. Thanks to that investment, Amtrak trains in Illinois have seen phenomenal growth on the trains from Chicago to St. Louis, Quincy, and Carbondale. This past year, those three routes saw the greatest increase in ridership of any line in the Amtrak system.  The Chicago-Quincy routes--the Illinois Zephyr and the Carl Sandburg--have seen 41.4 percent growth in ridership in the last year.  The Chicago-St. Louis line--the Lincoln--saw a 55.8 percent increase in ridership since we have expanded service.  The Chicago-Carbondale routes--the Illini and the Saluki--have seen an outstanding boost of 67.4 percent.  These routes helped propel Amtrak to its fifth straight year of record ridership and ticket revenue.  The demand is only increasing, as even more Illinois communities are clamoring for passenger rail service. The Illinois Department of Transportation and Amtrak have released a feasibility study demonstrating that passenger rail service from Chicago to Rockford is very competitive with car travel, and we expect another feasibility study soon, which will show that the same is true for service from Chicago to the Quad Cities.  In States such as Illinois that invest in passenger rail, we are seeing fewer cars on the road and increased economic activity along the train lines. The Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2007 recognizes theses benefits and rewards States that make capital and operating investment in passenger rail.  I also thank the managers of this bill for including the State Capital Grants Program, which will give States real incentives to invest in expanding passenger rail corridors. The Illinois model proves that with the right investment, we can move Americans out of traffic jams and into a cleaner, more reliable mode of transportation.  Today, we are considering Amtrak's authorization, an authorization that expired in 2002. We already have let too much time pass without capitalizing on the huge demand for passenger rail service. We must pass this bill now to pave the way for the restoration and expansion of Amtrak.  Amtrak's success is despite the President's repeated underfunding--or nonfunding--of passenger rail in his budgets. It is a testament to the Senate and to the Congress that we have repeatedly rejected attempts by the administration and others who oppose Amtrak.  Now as we stand at a crossroads of rail service in the United States, communities are increasingly vocal about their demand for cheaper, cleaner transportation options. Intercity rail service is an integral component to meeting these needs. The expansion of Amtrak service is far more than refitting rails and building new stations; it is about economic development, relieving congestion on our roads, improving our environment, and making life easier for future generations.  I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.  