President, I rise today to congratulate Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, SIUE, as it marks its 50th year as a center of educational advancement in Southern Illinois. Southern Illinois University Edwardsville marks its 50th anniversary this year with a year-long celebration that begins on September 24, 2007.  SIUE is a public university built by the people of Illinois for the people of Illinois in response to the clear need for a campus of higher education in the Metro-East area of greater St. Louis. Fifty years ago, only three percent of the adult population had completed four years of college. Since there was no nearby higher education center and most families could not afford the cost of sending their kids far away for college, the community appealed to Southern Illinois University to establish a satellite campus at Edwardsville.  Today, SIUE continues to serve the community that initiated its founding and has helped improve the quality of life for all citizens of the area. The university has grown from 1,776 students to nearly 13,500 students from 101 Illinois counties, 43 other States, and 46 nations. It offers a broad choice of degrees ranging from liberal arts to professional studies. The university gives back to the surrounding community through programs, including its East St. Louis Center, which provides social services to families in East St. Louis and surrounding urban communities. Each year, more than 8,000 individuals benefit from the programs and services housed at the East St. Louis Center. SIUE also contributes to the economic welfare of the entire region as both one of the largest employers in Madison County and a producer of many graduates who remain in the area after college. The number of college graduates in Madison and St. Clair counties has risen from three percent to 20 percent, largely made up of SIUE graduates. These graduates give back to the community every day, and the highly educated, skilled workforce they form is one of the greatest resources in Southern Illinois.  If you visit the campus at SIUE, you will see some of the truly exceptional and innovative educational programs taking place there today. The University's Senior Assignment Program, an integrative learning experience required of all seniors, was ranked as a national model for learning assessment by the Association of American Colleges and Universities in 2007. The SIU School of Dental Medicine, the only Illinois dental school outside Cook County, is rated among the top dental schools in the Nation on national board dental exams and serves as a primary oral healthcare provider for Southern Illinois. SIUE's University Park, an applied research and technology park, is the home to the National Corn-to-Ethanol Research Center which explores the viability of alternative fuels. In athletics, SIUE is currently transitioning to NCAA Division I status and proudly brought home the NCAA Division II championship in softball in 2007.  Over the last half century, Southern Illinois University Edwardsville has grown to become a tremendous asset to the students and citizens of Illinois. It's my honor to congratulate the University on its 50th anniversary, and I look forward to many more years of excellence in education in the future.  