President, I rise today in honor of National Hunger Awareness Day and to give voice to the difficult reality that exists for more than 35 million people in the United States--the experience of hunger.  In a society as civilized as ours, basic sustenance should be a guarantee. If children--or adults--are hungry in America, that is a problem for all of us.  Yet hunger continues to affect the lives of millions of families, including over 14 million children who live below the poverty line.  In the past few years, there have been multiple efforts to make ``hunger'' disappear--not as a troubling reality for millions, but as a term in surveys and press releases.  Every year, the USDA issues a report that measures Americans' access to food, and it has consistently used the word ``hunger'' to describe those who can least afford to put food on the table.  But starting in 2006, hunger facts and figures began to disappear and were replaced by measures of ``food security,'' a more scientifically palatable term.  Yesterday, the Washington Post reported on the proposed administration budget cuts to the Survey on Income and Program Participation--the only large-scale measure of the impact of Medicaid, food stamps, school lunches, unemployment and other safety net programs for the poor.  All these efforts put forth the false notion that nobody's hungry in America.  But despite the fact that we don't use words and we don't use numbers, the presence of hunger is ever so clear.  We can see it in the faces of children at school who have not had a decent meal since yesterday's school lunch. We can see it in the families at food pantries showing up a day earlier than normal because their monthly pay is not stretching as far it once did. We can see it in the loving parent giving up their own meal to make sure their child has something to eat at night.  In a land that prides itself as the land of plenty, we cannot hide the fact that we need to do a better job at making sure everybody has at least enough to eat.  Each hungry child that we allow suffer chips away at the moral strength of our country. This land of opportunity--and the American dream--should not allow for 37 million of its people to live in poverty, to live hungry.  Our moral strength, our commitment to our community is a foundation of our country. The well-known American journalist, Bill Moyer, just last week put it best when he said:       It's right there in the Constitution--in the Preamble:      ``We, the People''--that radical, magnificent, democratic,      inspired and exhilarating idea that we are in this together,      one for all and all for one.  And he was right, this is the ``heart of democracy'' and more importantly, it is the heart of humanity. As Bill says, the prayers we say are prayers for all of us: ``Give us this day our daily bread.'' And his is the most important message that should inspire us today: ``We're all in this together; one person's hunger is another's duty''.  Hunger is a problem for all of us. I hope that we all work together to fulfill our duty to end hunger in our Nation and the world.  (At the request of Mr. Reid, the following statement was ordered to be printed in the Record.) 