President, I rise today to again address the terrible crisis in Darfur and the surrounding region. For the last few months, I have come to the floor on a weekly basis to remind my colleagues and those who follow the transactions in the Senate that while we have debated many important issues, we have not done enough when it comes to the genocide in Darfur.  About 4 years ago, President Bush acknowledged that a genocide was taking place. It is a rare occurrence for a President of the United States to make that admission. I saluted him for that and praised him because it took courage. He said what others were afraid to say, that the killing in Darfur of hundreds of thousands of people was, in fact, a genocide--a calculated effort to wipe a people off the map. Several hundred thousand have died, and more than a million have been displaced from their homes. The genocide in Darfur continues to this day. Although we have pronounced this situation to be one of the most uncivilized in the history of our planet, the fact is that little or nothing has been done to save these poor innocent people.  This week's newspapers across the country were full of stories about Sudan. The papers illustrate both the expansion of death, destruction, and chaos in and around Darfur and the inability or unwillingness of the United States and other countries to stop this violence.  Wednesday's Washington Post described how Sudanese jingaweit militiamen crossed over the border into neighboring Chad and killed hundreds of people. This article, which I came across as I was reading the paper, is graphic. A report in the Washington Post through the Associated Press on April 10 says that:       Sudanese Janjaweed militiamen killed as many as 400 people      in the volatile eastern border region near Sudan, leaving an      ``apocalyptic'' scene of mass graves and destruction, the      U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday.  The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said in this article:       Estimates of the number of dead have increased      substantially and now range between 200 and 400. Because most      of the dead were buried where their bodies were found--often      in common graves owing to their numbers--we may never know      the exact number.  The article goes on to say:       The attackers encircled the villages, opened fire, pursued      fleeing villagers, robbed women and shot the men, the U.N.      High Commissioner for Refugees said. Many who     survived the initial attack died later from exhaustion and      dehydration, often while fleeing.  Some have argued that the genocide is over, as sad and tragic as it was, that it is finished, but this news article tells us a different story. The report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees that 200 to 400 people were slaughtered is a grim reminder that this country, having declared a genocide in Darfur, cannot stand idly by as these reports are made.  When I consider the situation in Darfur, I understand that it is a challenge for the United States to think about what we might do to make this situation better. We know that violence is not only spreading across the border into eastern Chad but continues virtually unabated in this country of Sudan.  Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte is traveling to Sudan this week to deliver a message to Khartoum. I am hopeful. John Negroponte is a seasoned diplomat. He is being sent on an important mission. I hope his message is nothing short of a final warning that the Government of Sudan must accept the United Nations and African Union peacekeeping mission and that these peacekeeping forces must have the numbers, the equipment, and the mandate to truly protect the innocent people of that country.  I have read newspaper accounts that President Bush is angry and frustrated over Sudan's refusal to accept the peacekeepers and our collective failure to do anything about it. I have spoken personally to the President twice about this issue, and both times I have urged him, having shown the courage to declare a genocide in Darfur, to show the same courage in ordering an action by the United States that will start to protect these people. My frustration and anger grows by the day, but my sadness grows more when I read these press accounts.  I have been told by members of the administration that one thing that would help would be stronger civil penalties to levy against persons who currently violate our sanctions laws against Sudan. I am happy to introduce legislation which would do that. I also believe we need to strengthen sanction laws themselves to provide additional resources to ensure their enforcement. Even more importantly, we must convince the world to act as well.  The largest single economic player in the Sudan today is China. The single greatest export for Sudan is oil. Petrochina, the Chinese company, is a major player in that nation. That offers the Chinese powerful leverage to convince the Khartoum Government to accept U.N. peacekeepers.  In this morning's Washington Post, in what is billed as an unusually strong message, the Chinese urged Sudan on Wednesday to show more flexibility on a peace plan for the devastated Darfur region, but they went on to say the Chinese said that other countries would not help the situation by dictating the terms of action.  This article goes on to talk about China buying oil from Sudan and holding veto power in the U.N. Security Council. There have been many critics of China because, frankly, they have threatened a veto if we try to take action through the Security Council to deal with the genocide in Darfur. Perhaps that is what motivated the Assistant Foreign Minister Ahzi Jun to hold a press conference on his return from a trip to Sudan. He said at the end of that press conference:       We suggest the Sudan side show flexibility and accept this      plan--  That is the peace plan--     offered by the U.N. to deploy a hybrid African Union-U.N.      force into Darfur.  These are moderate words from the Chinese. I really had hoped for more. But at least they are speaking out, I think none too soon, as we read this terrible press account of what is occurring in this region.  Recently, the Wall Street Journal, on March 28, 2007, published an article written by Ronan Farrow and Mia Farrow entitled ``The Genocide Olympics.'' That article reminded the readers of the Wall Street Journal of China's slogan for the 2008 Olympics. The slogan is ``One World, One Dream.'' But what they note here is that what is going on in Darfur is a nightmare, and the Chinese have to do something about it. They make a point--and one we all appreciate--that we want to believe that China is moving into the family of civilized nations, that the Olympics will be proof of this change in China over the years, but many of us will judge China not by its slogans or its press releases but by its actions.  This month, the United Kingdom is chairing the U.N. Security Council. Next month, the United States will hold that position. I think it is imperative that the United States force a vote on multilateral actions against the Sudanese. That is the only way to move us toward a peacekeeping force.  Some argue that China may veto that resolution, but that shouldn't stop us. If they want to go on record as standing in the way of stopping this genocide, so be it. It will be a bitter commentary on their aspirations for one world and one dream.  There is also an effort underway in the United States for divestment. The Los Angeles Times reports the Council of Priests of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles has added their voice in calling for divestment of companies operating in Sudan. At the urging of one of their members--a priest who is a former stockbroker--the council wrote to the firm which handles the retirement accounts for the 350 priests in the Archdiocese urging it to sell its shares in Petrochina and Sinopec Corporation. That investment firm is Fidelity, which is the single largest U.S. holder of American shares in Petrochina. They have reportedly been hearing from thousands of their shareholders on this subject.  I am not a shareholder in Fidelity, but I have our family investments through mutual funds in this company, and I will be notifying them that if they do not divest their holdings of this Chinese oil company in Sudan on a timely basis, that I will be changing my company. I think that is a small thing. I don't have that big of an account, but if others will join me in that effort, perhaps they will think twice about these investments.  Petrochina and Sinopec are involved in some of Sudan's largest oil projects. My guess is the retirement accounts of 350 Catholic priests in Los Angeles won't make a big impact on Fidelity, but I certainly hope a number of others will join me in letting them know it is time to divest of this investment.  Along with Senator Cornyn of Texas and a growing number of bipartisan cosponsors, I have introduced legislation to support efforts by State and local governments to divest of holdings in the Sudan. There are some who say that divestment is not the way to go. They claim it is just going to take too long. But is that an excuse for doing nothing to pressure the Sudanese in the midst of a genocide?  The violence in Darfur has been going on for 4 years. The President declared 2 years ago that this was genocide. To say divestment is too slow ignores the fact that every pressure point we apply makes it a little bit harder for the Sudanese Government to continue on their present course. I see no reason we shouldn't take every step we can to end this disaster. Eight States and over fifty colleges and universities are leading the way.  I am proud that my home State of Illinois was the first to pass divestment legislation. Already, investment firms that offer Sudan-free investment vehicles are tracking billions of investments. Several major European and Canadian companies have ended their operations in the Sudan. The divestment campaign is already having an impact.  Some people also criticize divestment efforts because anti-apartheid laws from two decades ago are still on the books in some states and localities. The bipartisan bill I have introduced with Senator Cornyn addresses this issue with a sunset clause: If the Federal Government lifts its sanctions against Sudan, the authorization provided in our bill would expire.  Finally, some argue that State governments should not be making Federal policy. Divestment is about States making choices about how they invest their pensions and other funds. The Durbin-Brownback bill recognizes that choice and extends Federal support for it in the face of ongoing genocide in Sudan.  I ask unanimous consent that an article I am about to refer to be printed in the Record after my reference.  