President, today this Congress is once again taking an important step forward toward creating a better future for America. Earlier today the House of Representatives passed the Stem Cell Research Enhancement Act, a bill the Senate passed in April. Along with the first minimum wage increase in over 10 years and a fiscally responsible budget, this is yet another accomplishment for the American people which this Congress has been able to achieve.  This bill will expand Federal funding for embryonic stem cell research, a type of stem cell research that holds great promise for millions of Americans suffering from debilitating diseases such as heart disease, diabetes, Parkinson's, and Alzheimer's. It has been over 5 years since the Senate began discussing stem cell research, 5 years of discussion, 5 years of searching for answers and, most importantly, 5 years of hope that one day our country would make a much needed change in policy for the health of all of its people.  Today we stand at the brink of an historic opportunity to reestablish our country as a global leader in biomedical science and reaffirm our dedication to curing some of the greatest sources of human suffering. We are here with the support of over 500 well-respected organizations, including the American Medical Association, the American Public Health Association, the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, the March of Dimes, and Parkinson's Action Network. These organizations represent scientists, doctors, religious entities and, most importantly, American patients and their loved ones.  Unfortunately, President Bush has once again publicly stated he intends to veto this bill. This is a bill both Houses of Congress on a bipartisan basis have passed for 2 years in a row, a bill that continues to be supported by a majority of the American people. But it is also a bill President Bush has already vetoed.  For the President to reject this legislation again is to take another step backward, away from the possibility of lifesaving medical breakthroughs and dash the hopes of millions who depend on the untapped promise of medical research. Time is precious for those who suffer from debilitating disease and for their loved ones who suffer with them. The lack of Federal support for embryonic stem cell research may cost many Americans the chance for a cure, a treatment, and a better life. Our country is in a position to do the right thing. This President has done something no other President has done before him; that is, to ban Federal funding of a certain level of medical research--in this case, research involving embryonic stem cells--to close off Federal funding that could open opportunities for cures for diseases.  The argument made by the President is that these embryonic stem cells should not be used for this type of research. These stem cells are generated, of course, in the process of in vitro fertilization for couples who have difficulty conceiving a child they want to love and rear. They go to a laboratory and spend an enormous amount of money in the hopes of having that baby that is the object of their dreams. The day may finally come. But in that process, embryonic stem cells that aregenerated may be lost, discarded, unused. How can it make any sense for us, how can this reflect compassion for us to say it is better to throw away these stem cells and discard them rather than to use them for research which can bring life and hope and spare people of their suffering?  Congress has shown the political will, and the passage of S. 5 is the way to do the right thing. I hope President Bush will not veto this bill. If he does, listening to a vocal minority, he will be disregarding the health of our country and the hopes of so many suffering today. It is time for America to move forward in medical research, to find the cures that will give us a brighter tomorrow.  (The remarks of Mr. Durbin pertaining to the introduction of S. 1563 are located in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.'')  