The new Y guest worker program included in the immigration bill would require employers to recruit Americans before hiring a guest worker. That is our first obligation. If there is a job opening in America, an American should have the first chance to get it. That is the intent of the bill, but there is one loophole. The loophole allows the Secretary of Labor to declare a labor shortage and then waive the requirement of offering the job to an American. We don't define what a labor shortage is. This amendment removes that right of the Secretary of Labor.  What it means is, as there are job openings, they will always be offered first to Americans. Shouldn't that be our starting point, always offer the job first to an American, to see if an unemployed person or someone else wants to take it? Then if the job is not filled, we can consider other options. We know when it comes to H-1B visas, which are visas offered to skilled workers to come into this country to fill in gaps for engineers and architects and professionals, there have been abuses. When we had the openings for the H-1B visas, opportunities for people to come into this country, it turned out that 7 out of the 10 firms that won the right to offer H-1B visas were not American companies trying to fill spots where they couldn't find Americans. They turned out to be foreign companies that were outsourcing workers to the United States, exactly the opposite of what we had hoped for. We don't want that to happen with the temporary guest worker program. This amendment would eliminate this jobs shortage exception. It would require that in temporary guest worker positions, the first job offering always be to an American. It is simple. Senator Grassley and I offer it. It is supported by the AFL-CIO and the building trades unions, the laborers and Teamsters, many other organizations. I urge my colleagues, when we return after our Memorial Day recess, to consider this amendment. It is a very important amendment to stand faithful to our first obligation, our people in America who are looking for jobs.  I ask unanimous consent to set my amendment aside and return to the Sanders amendment as the pending amendment before the Senate.  