I am glad you are presiding. I will describe one of the procedures in the Senate I discovered when I came over from the House that I did not understand. It is the fact that an amendment filed at the desk by a Member is then taken to the corridor, to a copy machine, copies are made and then brought back to the floor. Sometimes these amendments are large. Sometimes it takes a while to get copied. In the meantime, the debate is underway. So for those who want to engage in a real deliberation and debate, there is a mystery quality here for minutes, sometimes longer. You wait until you get a copy of the amendment.  There has to be a better way. The better way is obvious. Members who bring modifications to the floor should bring three copies, at least--one copy for the clerk, one copy for the Republican side, and one copy for the Democratic side--so that as they are filed, each side has the language in front of them. As the Senator who is moving the amendment is making the argument, those who want to follow the amendment have at least one copy on each side of the aisle to look at. That is the only way to have a meaningful debate.  There is a way to change this which is clumsy and awkward. As you probably heard me suggest earlier, I asked unanimous consent to suspend the reading of the amendment. I could have allowed them to read the amendment and hear it firsthand. But I think it is more valuable to have it in writing and have it in front of you.  I have suggested this change in the Senate rules since I arrived 10 years ago. It turns out to be one of the biggest challenges I have faced in the Senate, to have two additional copies of the amendment come to the Senate floor. This is a venerable institution. It prides itself on deliberation, but we operate in Senate years, as opposed to real years, or dog years, and sometimes things take a lot longer than they should, so I am offering this amendment.  I have already spoken to the ranking member, Senator Bennett, about it. I have not spoken to Senator Feinstein, the chairman of the Rules Committee. I hope it is the kind of noncontroversial amendment that makes life easier here, but, more importantly, will lead to a debate which, in fact, would be more meaningful.  I am going to, at some point, ask this be agreed to. I hope my colleagues will consider supporting it.  I yield the floor.  