President, I rise today to once again address the ongoing violence in Darfur, Sudan.  Hundreds of thousands of people have been killed in that terrible genocide, and millions have been driven from their homes.  This week, the International Criminal Court has issued its first arrest warrants for these murderous crimes. The ICC issued warrants for the arrest of Sudan's so-called Humanitarian Affairs Minister Ahmed Haroun and against a jingaweit militia leader known as Ali Kushayb. Sudan says there is no need for such a trial and that its own courts are capable of prosecution. This is the very same Government that has helped orchestrate this campaign of violence, a government wheree courts are more likely to prosecute rape victims than the men who attack them. That is why we need international action in response to these crimes against humanity.  Mr. Haroun, who today serves as Sudan's Minister for Humanitarian Affairs, was in charge of Darfur in 2003 and 2004, at the height of the killing.  The jingaweit commander, who is the second man named in the warrant, commanded thousands of militia members and is accused of promoting rape and torture as part of his war strategy. The Sudanese Government claims he is in custody, but witnesses have told reporters that in reality he has been traveling in Darfur under police protection.  These arrest warrants are a significant, if small, step toward justice, but there is so much more the world must do to bring peace, justice, and security to the people of Darfur.  Recently, President Bush delivered a speech at the Holocaust Museum, promising that unless Sudan agreed to a full-scale peacekeeping mission and took other steps, then the United States would expand unilateral sanctions against the Sudanese--in the President's words--``within a short period of time.'' The President also stated he would press for multilateral sanctions through the United Nations. Both are important steps. I wish they had been taken far earlier, but they are still welcome steps.  Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte recently returned from Sudan. The report on his trip was not encouraging. He told us that Sudan's President Bashir continues to stand in the way of a full-scale U.N. mission. He also said Bashir is not taking steps to disarm the militia that have terrorized villages in Darfur, with the Khartoum Government's tacit, if not open, support.  I know President Bush had planned to announce new sanctions at his speech at the Holocaust Museum. He agreed to delay implementing further measures in response to a strong personal request from the Secretary General of the United Nations.  We cannot solve Darfur alone. It will take many nations. I understand why President Bush felt compelled to give the United Nations an opportunity. But the world cannot wait long, and the people in Darfur certainly cannot be asked to wait any longer. The violence there is entering its fifth year.  A new report by the International Crisis Group, a nongovernmental organization working to prevent conflict across the world, spells out the urgency. This report states that combat in Darfur is rising, and the Sudanese Government continues to rely on aerial bombardment and raids by the jingaweit militia as its tactics of choice against its own people.  The Crisis Group report also spells out the complexity of what is happening there. The report states:       Darfur is the epicenter of three overlapping circles of      conflict.       First and foremost, there is the four-year-old war between      the Darfur rebel movements and the government, which is part      of the breakdown between Sudan's centre--the National      Congress Party in Khartoum, which controls wealth and      political power--and the marginalized peripheries.       Secondly, the Darfur conflict has triggered a proxy war      that Chad and Sudan are fighting by hosting and supporting      the other's rebel groups.       Finally, there are localized conflicts, primarily centered      on land tensions between sedentary and nomadic tribes.       The regime has manipulated these to win Arab support for      its war against the mostly non-Arab rebels.       International interests, not least the priority the U.S.      has placed on regime assistance in its ``war on terrorism''      and China's investment in Sudan's oil sector, have added to      the difficulty in resolving the conflict.  This report calls for implementation of a full-scale peacekeeping mission and the need to revitalize the peace process itself. Peacekeeping troops can help keep civilians protected. International mediators from the AfricanUnion and the United Nations must also help the rebel groups and the Sudanese Government reach a more broad-based peace agreement. The first requirement, however, is getting peacekeepers into Darfur. Conflict is rising. The humanitarian space is shrinking. It is becoming harder and harder for many relief groups to reach those in need.  In testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 11, Special Envoy to Sudan Andrew Natsios stated that Secretary General Ban Ki-moon had requested a 2- to 4-week window in order to pursue diplomatic negotiations with Khartoum before any additional measures were taken. May 11, just a few days away, will mark a full month since Mr. Natsios's testimony. On that date, if Khartoum has not acted to take the necessary steps toward peace, I hope President Bush will launch expanded, hard-hitting U.S. sanctions and seek to pass a United Nations Security Council resolution with meaningful multilateral sanctions.  We need to strike out economically where it will hurt--against Sudan's oil industry. And I hope that China, which sits as a permanent member of the Security Council and represents Sudan's biggest oil customer, will join in our efforts. China buys 70 percent of Sudan's oil, and reportedly the Khartoum Government spends 60 to 80 percent of its oil revenue on its military. The Sudanese Government uses that military against its own people, especially in Darfur.  As a rising power, as the host of the next Olympics, and as a member of the Security Council, it really is China's responsibility to use its influence to convince Sudan to accept the full-scale peacekeeping mission that is really needed. China has helped convince Sudan to say it will accept 3,000 U.N. peacekeepers, but far more than that is needed, and Beijing can play a pivotal role in bringing peace to Darfur. The statement made by the Chinese Government a few days ago was encouraging, but it was a very modest statement when you consider the magnitude of this genocide.  Today, there are fewer than 7,000 underequipped African Union peacekeepers spread across Darfur--an area the size of Texas but Texas without roads or infrastructure.  The cause of Darfur has captured the hearts of millions of Americans. This past weekend, in Chicago and in cities across the Nation and around the world, thousands of people gathered in support of the people of Darfur and in support of efforts to divest from companies that invest in Sudan.  I should also mention that this same weekend, at Soldier Field in Chicago, thousands of young people gathered in support of the ``Invisible Children'' of Uganda. These children have also been victimized by years of war, and indeed the conflicts in Northen Uganda and Sudan are intertwined.  For years, the Sudanese Government has supported and assisted the Lord's Resistance Army, which has terrorized northern Uganda.  One of the focal points of the Sudan rally last weekend was to support legislation introduced by my friend, State Senator Jackie Collins of Chicago. She is a wonderful leader on this issue. She has shown such persistence and courage, pushing for divestment so that Illinois, my home State, can have maximum impact to end this genocide. Her bill would divest State pension funds and other investments that add to the coffers of the Sudan Government.  At the rally, participants also supported efforts here in Congress, which Senator John Cornyn and I have introduced, to express Federal support for States, universities, and others that choose to divest.  This movement is expanding, not just here at home but abroad as well. Rolls-Royce has announced it is withdrawing from Sudan. According to media accounts, including the Associated Press, the Ford Motor Company, which produces Land Rovers, will no longer sell Land Rovers in Sudan. According to these press accounts, Ford made this decision after the Securities and Exchange Commission sent the company an inquiry asking about reports that some Land Rovers may have been used by military or paramilitary organizations.  This Saturday, Berkshire Hathaway, one of the largest and most respected investment firms in the country, will convene a shareholder meeting. Warren Buffett, who runs Berkshire Hathaway, has agreed to put the divestment question on the agenda.  The divestment movement was launched on college campuses. It is now reaching the boardrooms of major corporations and the agenda of shareholder meetings. Divestment is one tool among many, along with U.S. and U.N. sanctions, increased penalties for violations of U.S. law, stepped up engagement by China, and a commitment to reengage the peace process itself.  I have made these points before, but we must not let the Sudanese Government think that the often limited American attention span will wander away from Darfur. We will not blind ourselves to genocide, and we will not grow fatigued by more news stories of suffering in this distant place. We must do, in every way possible, what we can do as individuals, as Members of Congress, and as Americans who care, Americans who have said when it comes to a genocide: Never again.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  