It is a bill that was passed by the House and Senate, with bipartisan votes in both bodies, and sent to the President. It fully funds the troops in Iraq, giving them all the resources they need, and more, so they can execute this war and their duties in a safe manner.  But it also does something significant; it starts to change the mission in Iraq. We are in the fifth year of this war. We have lost 3,351 American lives. I respect very much the Senator from Wyoming. He tries to make a point that it is not a civil war. My understanding of a civil war is when people of the same nation are at war with one another.  That, sadly, is the reality of what is going on in Iraq today--Iraqis killing one another while Americans stand in the midst of the crossfire. Had the President of the United States come to this Congress in October of 2002 and suggested we send 150,000 soldiers into Iraq for the purpose of refereeing a civil war or a religious war that had its origins in 14 centuries of anger, had he said to us we must stay as long as 5 years and spend $500 billion and risk thousands of American lives, with no end in sight, what were the chances we would have passed that resolution? None. That is not what the President told us.  He told us Iraq was a threat to the United States of America with weapons of mass destruction, and nuclear weapons, that somehow they had been in concert with al-Qaida, that led to 9/11. None of those things turned out to be true--not one of them.  On that basis, we authorized the President to go to war, and he decided to take a preventive course of action--not preemptive but preventive course of action--and invade this country before they threatened the United States. That is what we are in today.  Within 2 hours, the President will pick up a pen and have a chance to start bringing this to an end. If he signs this bill we have sent to him, it will mean that American soldiers can start coming home and that, equally important, the Iraqis understand it is now their country, their war, and their future, that they have to put their lives on the line and not rely on the bravery of our soldiers to keep their country intact.  If the President vetoes this bill, exactly the opposite message goes to the Iraqis. Its message: Continue business as usual. Continue waiting out the political opposition, not resolving your differences, really allowing this religious or civil war to become even worse.  