President, I rise today to submit a resolution calling on the President to ensure that the foreign policy of the United States reflects an appropriate understanding of the Armenian Genocide and sensitivity concerning issues related to human rights, ethnic cleansing, and other mass atrocities that made up the Armenian Genocide.  The President usually issues an annual message commemorating the Armenian Genocide issued on or about April 24. This resolution calls on the President to accurately characterize what happened to the Armenian people as genocide and to recall the proud history of United States intervention in opposition to it.  The definition of ``genocide'' is ``the deliberate and systematic extermination of a national, racial, political, or cultural group.''  Scholars agree that what the Armenian people suffered in 1915 to 1917 fits the definition of genocide.  The sheer scale of the death toll is evidence of a systematic, organized plan to eliminate the Armenians. One and a half million people were systematically and deliberately annihilated, many simply left to die of starvation and exposure.  To date, 19 countries and the European Parliament have officially recognized this violence as genocide. Countries officially recognizing the Armenian Genocide include: Argentina, Armenia, Belgium, Canada, Cyprus, France, Greece, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland, Uruguay, Vatican City and Venezuela.  Thirty-seven States of the United States recognize the Armenian Genocide. They are: Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin.  Genocide is wrong. It is evil.  It is evil whether its victims are Armenians, Sudanese, Rwandan Tutsis, Cambodians or European Jews.  Not to acknowledge genocide for what it is denigrates the memory of its victims.  Recognition of genocide is part of the healing process.  Reminding the world that genocide has occurred far too often serves to help prevent it from happening again.  Recognizing the Armenian Genocide takes on added importance in the face of the genocide occurring right now in the Darfur region of Sudan.  As we recognize the role Americans played in exposing the Armenian Genocide and trying to relieve the suffering of the Armenian people, we remind ourselves that it is our tradition to speak out and do something.  During the Armenia Genocide, American consuls and missionaries, in what was then the Ottoman Empire, reported the atrocities which were taking place far from the capital in Istanbul. Our ambassador, Henry Morganthau Sr., confronted the Ottoman government with the accusations.  Ambassador Morganthau wrote in his memoirs:       Whatever crimes the most perverted instincts of the human      mind can devise, and whatever refinements of persecution and      injustice the most debased imagination can conceive, became      the daily misfortunes of this devoted people. I am confident      that the whole history of the human race contains no such      horrible episode as this. The great massacres and      persecutions of the past seem almost insignificant when      compared with the sufferings of the Armenian race in 1915.  The American Near East Relief Committee, a relief organization for refugees in the Middle East, raised over $102 million for Armenians both during and after the genocide.  As I have said in this Chamber before, the response to the atrocities was the birth of the American international human rights movement.  Official recognition of the role Americans played in confronting the Armenian Genocide over 90 years ago will reaffirm our tradition of protecting the vulnerable and inspire us to not stand by and watch as genocide occurs in our time.  