President, we are engaged in one of the longest conflicts in American history, and the need for qualified nurses in military medical facilities is increasing.  Unfortunately, the military faces the same difficulty recruiting and retaining nurses that civilian medical facilities are facing.  Neither the Army nor the Air Force has met nurse recruitment goals since the 1990s. In 2004, the Navy Nurse Corps fell 32 percent below its recruitment target, while the Air Force missed its nurse recruitment target by 30 percent.  The Army, Navy and Air Force each have a 10 percent shortage of nurses, with shortages reaching nearly 40 percent in some critical specialties.  Civilian hospitals face similar challenges. According to the American College of Healthcare Executives, 72 percent of hospitals experienced a nursing shortage in 2004.  In 2000, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Service, HHS, found that this country was 110,000 nurses short of the number necessary to adequately provide quality health care for both the civilian and military sector. By 2005, the shortage had doubled to 219,000. By 2020, we will be more than 1 million nurses short of what we need for quality health care--a grave problem for military health care as well as the nation at large.  One of the major factors contributing to the nursing shortage is the shortage of teachers at schools of nursing. According to the American Association of Colleges of Nursing, last year nursing schools across the nation denied admission to over 40,000 qualified applicants primarily because there were not enough faculty members to teach the students. Just in Illinois, 2,000 qualified student applicants were turned away from schools of nursing because there were not enough teachers.  The American Association of Colleges of Nursing surveyed more than 400 schools of nursing last year.  Mr. President, 71 percent of the schools reported vacancies on their faculty. An additional 15 percent said they were fully staffed, but still needed more faculty to handle the number of students who want to be trained.  The military recruits nurses from the same source as doctors and hospitals: civilian nursing schools. Unless we address the lack of faculty, the shortage of nurses will only worsen.  My amendment to the Defense appropriations bill provides $3 million to begin a Troops to Nurse Teachers program that will help develop nurse faculty to address this national shortage.  My proposal is based on a successful Department of Defense program called ``Troops to Teachers,'' which helps address the shortages of math, science and special education teachers in high-poverty schools, and helps military personnel transition to second careers in teaching.  Today, Troops to Teachers is operating in 30 States and has supplied more than 8,000 new educators since the program's inception in 1995.  The Troops to Nurse Teachers Program seeks to address the nursing shortage in the different branches of the military while tapping into the existing knowledge and expertise of military nurses.  The goals of the Troops to Nurse Teachers program are twofold. First, the program will increase the number of nurse faculty members so nursing schools can expand enrollment and ease the ongoing shortage. both in the civilian and military sectors. Second, the Troops to Nurse Teachers program will help military personnel make successful transitions to second careers in teaching, similar to Troops to Teachers.  The program offers incentives to nurses transitioning from the military to become full-time nurse faculty members, while providing the military a new recruitment tool and advertising agent.  For service members who already hold a master's or Ph.D. in nursing or a related field, the military will provide career placement ass1stance, transitional stipends, and educational training from accredited schools of nursing to expedite their transition.  Officers who have been involved in nursing during their military service are eligible for scholarships to become nurse educators. In exchange, recipients of scholarships agree to teach at a school of nursing for 3 years.  Active military nurses can complete a 2-year tour of duty at a civilian using school to train the next generation of nurses. In exchange, the nurse officer can agree to serve longer in the military or the College of Nursing can offer scholarships to nursing students who commit to enlisting in the military.  Retired nurse officers can accept appointments as full-time faculty at accredited school of nursing, without giving up their full retired pay.  This amendment is supported by 20 nursing organizations, including: American Association of Colleges of Nursing, American Organization of Nurse Executives, American Nurses Association, National League for Nursing, American College of Nurse Practitioners, and the American Association of Nurse Anesthetists.  The Office of the Secretary of Defense, both Personnel and Recruitment and Health Affairs, support the program, as do the Nurse Corps of the Departments of the Army, Navy, and Air Force.  With the aging of the baby boom generation and the long-term needs of our growing number of wounded veterans, the military and civilian health care systems will need qualified nurses more than ever.  The Troops to Nurse Teacher program will help to alleviate the shortage of nurse faculty and ultimately help make more nurses available for both civilian and military medical facilities.  