President, I rise today to offer the John R. Justice Prosecutors and Defenders Incentive Act as an amendment to the Higher Education Act of 2007.  This amendment would create a targeted student loan repayment assistance program that will bolster the ranks of attorneys in the criminal justice system in America.  I think the need for this amendment is clear. Prosecutor and public defender offices throughout the country are having serious difficulties recruiting and retaining qualified attorneys.  In a recent survey, over a third of prosecutor offices nationwide reported problems with keeping attorneys on staff. Over 60 percent of prosecutor offices that serve populations of 250,000 or more reported serious problems with the retention of attorneys.  The story is the same for public defender offices. Another recent survey found that over 60 percent of State and local public defender offices reported difficulty in attorney recruitment and retention.  When prosecutor and defender offices cannot attract new lawyers or keep experienced ones, their ability to protect the public is compromised. Caseloads become unmanageable, cases can be delayed or mishandled, crimes may go unprosecuted, and innocent defendants may sit in jail.  Why is it that prosecutor and defender offices are struggling to keep attorneys on staff? I will tell you one major reason: student loan debt.  Over 80 percent of law students take out loans to finance their legal education. The average educational debt for law school graduates in the class of 2005 was almost $79,000 for private school graduates, and $51,000 for public school graduates. Two-thirds of law students also carry additional debt from their undergraduate experience.  In light of this, it is not surprising that two-thirds of law students in a recent national survey stated that student loan debt prevented them from even considering a public interest or Government job--two-thirds of law school graduates. Of those dedicated law graduates who initially accept criminal justice jobs, many cannot stay. They just cannot afford to do so with the student loans they face.  The higher education reconciliation bill we passed last week does much to address student loan debt in general for those who have already been in public service for 10 years. There is student loan forgiveness. There is a cap on how much a graduate would have to repay for a period of time, and at the end of 10 years there is student loan forgiveness.  But, unfortunately, it does not go far enough to address the urgent need to help our criminal justice system recruit and retain qualified attorneys.We need a special solution to provide immediate assistance.  My amendment, the John R. Justice Prosecutors and Defenders Incentive Act, is a tailored solution. My amendment would establish, within the Department of Justice, a program of student loan repayment assistance for borrowers who agree to remain employed for at least 3 years as State or local criminal prosecutors or as State, local, or Federal public defenders.  I should point out that Federal prosecutors are already eligible for loan relief through existing programs.  Under my amendment, borrowers could enter into another agreement, after the 3-year minimum, for an additional period of service. Attorneys who participate in this program can receive student loan debt repayments of up to $10,000 annually, with a maximum over time of $60,000. Repayments would begin with the first year of service. But, remember, there is no repayment unless there is a pledge to work at least 3 years, and then an opportunity to come back for another 3 years. So a commitment has to be made.  The program gives priority in repayment benefits to attorneys who have the least ability to repay their loans. It ensures a fair allocation of benefits among prosecutors and defenders nationwide.  If an attorney receives loan repayments under this program but does not complete the agreed-upon period of service, they have to pay back the money.  The John R. Justice Act is modeled on existing loan repayment programs that cover Federal executive branch employees and the Department of Justice. They have been demonstrated to be a great success as an attorney recruitment and retention tool.  Simply put, a targeted loan repayment assistance program such as this one would make criminal justice careers more feasible and more attractive to qualified attorneys.  Let me say, this bill has passed out of the Senate Judiciary Committee twice. It has strong bipartisan support. It was brought to me by the prosecutors and the defenders in our criminal justice system. As we read in the news about case after case where those in prison have had their prosecutions reevaluated, we understand that competent counsel is the bedrock of a good system of criminal justice. We need the very best attorneys on both sides of the table--prosecuting those who have been accused of a crime and defending those who have that presumption of innocence in America.  This bill has strong bipartisan support, with 38 Senate cosponsors. Companion legislation in the House passed by a vote of 341 to 73. It is supported by prosecutor, defender, and criminal justice organizations. I urge my colleagues to support their State and local prosecutors and defenders, and to support this legislation.  It has, among others, the support of the National District Attorneys Association, the National Association of Prosecutor Coordinators, the National Legal Aid and Defender Association, the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers, the American Council of Chief Defenders, the National Juvenile Defender Center, the American Bar Association, the Conference of Chief Judges, and the American Law Deans Association.  Mr. President, I would like to ask, is there an amendment currently pending on this legislation?  