President. The Senator from South Carolina would not yield for my questions, and ordinarily I do, but I am going to make this quick because it is late at night.  I say to the Senator from South Carolina: Welcome to the Senate where we pass a budget resolution. We did that this year. It is new to the Senate. We did not do that last year. Welcome to the Senate where we are going to pass appropriations bills. It did not happen last year. The Senator may recall when he arrived that the Republican-controlled Senate failed to pass 11 appropriations bills, and we had to pass them when we arrived in the new Senate.  So for him to suggest that what we are doing here does not give the American people a chance to see what has happened--this has been the most transparent approach to passing these bills. In fact, I might say to the Senator--he has probably followed this--the Senate Appropriations Committee has considered all of the bills that are contained therein. There have been changes, for sure, but those that came to the floor--about 7 of them--passed with over 75 votes apiece. So to suggest that this is a mystery document is to ignore the Internet, ignore the availability, and ignore the obvious. The last time, the Republican majority passed two appropriations bills. Congratulations. We want to pass them all. And this is your chance. You can vote no. That is your right as a Senator.  Let me say a word about earmarks. About 4 inches of the document in front of you consists of complete disclosure on earmarks--the most detailed disclosure in the history of Congress. And your chart, unfortunately, tells the story from the wrong angle. The total dollar amount of the earmarks contained in those appropriations equals 43 percent of the earmarks contained in the Republican appropriations bills of 2 years ago. A 43-percent reduction in the dollar value of earmarks, total transparency, total disclosure--I thought that is what you were asking for when you stood up during the ethics debate.  Let me also say that the Senator is opposing the removal of authorization language from appropriations bills. That is a point under our rules that is debated all the time. It happens. It happened in my bill, in my appropriations bill. And most of the time it happens because the White House tells us they do not want the language.  The last point I want to make to you is that to suggest that this bill is wasteful spending comes at just the right moment--just the right moment--after the Senator from South Carolina voted for $70 billion on a war that is not paid for. And the Senator joined in opposing our efforts to pay for a reduction in taxes. Wasteful spending? What the Senator did in those two votes is to pass billions of dollars in debt on to future generations.  I would urge the Senator, discover the Internet, discover the opportunity to read these bills. And when you do, you will see that this information has been available now for 46 hours and 13 minutes.  I yield the floor.  