Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Payne) for yielding, and I am pleased to join so many of my friends from New Jersey who were and are from the State so ably represented for 40 years by Peter Rodino. I note that we are also joined by Charlie Rangel who served side by side with Peter Rodino from an adjoining State and my friends Barney Frank and Howard Berman who have served with such distinction on the Judiciary Committee.  I did not know Peter Rodino well. I knew him. I had the privilege of serving with him. I worked for a United States Senator, first a House Member, in 1962. Of course, Mr. Rodino was here at that point in time. But it was not until some 10, 12 years later that he became the famous Peter Rodino. But he was not necessarily perceived to be famous at the outset.  His father at the age of 16 came from Italy, had come to the United States. Peter was born in a tenement in Newark. His mother died at age 4. I am sure that most Americans hearing that background would not have said to themselves that this young man will grow up not only to be a Representative in the Congress of the United States but also to represent America's most valued principles, America's bedrock commitment to democracy and its commitment to the fact that no individual, no matter how powerful he or she might be, is above the Constitution or the laws of the United States of America.  That in many ways makes us unique. Certainly it makes us different from the autocracies that we see even today around the world. It was Peter Rodino's lot to be called upon to meet the challenge of redeeming once again that promise of American democracy; and short in stature though he may have been, he was tall in stature to meet that challenge. Last month, we lost him at age 95, having served 40 years in this body.  Peter Wallace Rodino ably represented the 10th District of New Jersey, 40 years, 4 decades, a long period of time. He was first elected to the 81st Congress in 1948 and reelected 19 times. I believe the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel) has been reelected at least 19 times.  