 Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's concerns. The gentleman has raised two issues: one is process and one is substance. On the process side, the gentleman is correct. And the gentleman would have to ask the Speaker about the process of bringing the rules to the floor in a bipartisan way. And I do not want to second-guess the Speaker, and the gentleman may well have a good argument on process.  But in the substance, the gentleman is correct. And I hope all Members are watching this because they need to consider this very strongly, that the gentleman cannot have it both ways. The gentleman wants a bipartisan process. The Speaker was bringing a bipartisan process, which means that in order to proceed to an investigative subcommittee you would have to have a majority vote, which would be bipartisan, a bipartisan vote to proceed to the investigative committee.  What some partisans had found, that if there was no agreement and charges brought against a Member, the Member would be hung out to dry. There would be no action, or there could be automatic action without a majority vote of the committee. That is the problem. That is what allows people to use it for partisan politics is that if one side or the other decides to deadlock the ethics committee, then the Member that has been charged can be held out and held up for many days, if not months, before a resolution of that charge comes.  The Speaker came up with a way to make sure that the committee is bipartisan because it requires a bipartisan vote to move forward.  The gentleman is suggesting that he would like to change, for the House and the rights of the Members, something that is so different than the rules of procedures in courts of law. If a grand jury is deadlocked in an indictment, there is no process that goes forward. If there is a full jury in a trial that is deadlocked, there is no process that goes forward. It has to be clear, without a reasonable doubt, with no reasonable doubt that the offense is right and needs to proceed. And that is why the Speaker created a bipartisan process for that to proceed. And it can work for both sides politically. It can work for Democrats as well as Republicans. And that is why I say the Speaker was trying and worked very hard to protect the rights of the accused, and more important than that, the rights of each and every Member of this House.  