Speaker, even today, as our friends and allies in London and the United Kingdom move forward with heavy hearts and continued anxiety, they are striking back at the barbaric and cowardly terrorists who attacked them without warning last week.  The British people have seen the face of evil and, as we knew they would, they have remained steadfast, resolute, and unbowed.  They have no intention of altering their way of life, or compromising the democratic principles that have fortified them through the centuries.  All of us can learn from their strong, courageous example, as we extend our deepest condolences to the loved ones and friends of those who have been stolen by these heinous murderers.  It is incumbent upon us not only to condemn the perpetrators and supporters of these unconscionable attacks, but also to express the unwavering solidarity of the American people and our government with the people and government of the United Kingdom.  Mr. Speaker, the civilized world is under attack today by the purveyors of hate, violence, intolerance and lawlessness. They have no compunction about attacking and killing innocent men, women and children.  And our responsibility to this and future generations could not be more clear. We must expose the moral emptiness and political hopelessness of those who subscribe to this twisted ideology--this jihadist death cult--and we must extinguish this force of darkness and despair.  Victory in this fight will not be easy, but it is inevitable as long as all those who cherish peace, tolerance and the rule of law stand together as one.  Sixty-five years ago, Winston Churchill, in steeling the British people against the terror of his day--Hitler's Nazi regime--said: ``Victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory however long and hard the road may be; for without victory there is no survival.''  We must summon the same courage and conviction today. Our enemies seek our destruction, but they underestimate our will. But we shall succeed. Victory will be ours. And, when we look back upon these difficult days, we will be reminded of the British people's courage and steadfast determination.  