Leader, I might say that I think all of us understand the importance of energy legislation. All of us understand the necessity to become energy independent. I would suggest, in that framework, that I think personally that we can pass an energy bill. Obviously, there are some items that are in the energy bill or that are proposed for the energy bill that have significant opposition on one side of the aisle or the other.  I would hope, Mr. Leader, if we could, in working with the various committee Chairs, and I suppose most primarily the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Barton) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell) in this respect, to come to as bipartisan an agreement on the substance of that bill so that we could see it not just pass through the House of Representatives, which may be interesting in terms of the political claim that we passed it, but which does nothing for our energy independence, which is, I think, our objective.  So I would hope that we could deal with this in as bipartisan a fashion as possible so that when we send it to the other body that we may have more success there, more success out of conference, and send a bill to the President that will facilitate both energy independence and the effective and efficient discovery, development, and delivery at retail to the consumer of energy options. I do not know whether you want to say anything.  Mr. DeLAY. Well, Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman will continue to yield, I would just say that the gentleman is right. We will try our best to reach out and make this bill as bipartisan as possible.  I would just remind the gentleman that this bill, this energy package, has passed, I cannot recall every time, but many times in the last Congress; and it even passed this House as a conference report. Each time that the energy bill has gone through this House, whether it be the House bill or in the conference report, it has enjoyed a very large Democrat vote.  So, yes, I would hope that the chairmen of the respective committees that have a piece of this bill, and I would also remind the gentleman that the Committee on Ways and Means has a very big piece of this bill, would reach out to their ranking members and work to put together as bipartisan a bill as possible.  