Speaker, reclaiming my time, on behalf of all the parents and grandparents, the acting majority leader and I had a brief conversation about my 3-year-old granddaughter, who this past weekend had the opportunity to show me the costume she is going to be wearing on trick or treat night, and she said, Hey, Pop, can you go with me? And I appreciate the gentleman's making that time available on behalf of his side and my side for all of us who might be doing that. That is a treat early, not a trick, and we appreciate that very much.  First of all, Mr. Speaker, the leader heard me have the discussion with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions) of the Committee on Rules. I wonder if perhaps you could comment. We do not know the status of the manager's amendment, as the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions) indicates. The acting majority leader does not know the status of the amendment, and I presume that is being worked on. But we have concerns that a very critically important provision of the bill, an overwhelming bipartisan bill, 65 to 7, might be changed and might have added to it a condition for the receipt of money by faith-based charitable organizations, nonprofit organizations to receive money to build housing; that if they received such money that a condition of the receipt of that money would be that they could not participate in voter registration efforts.  We have a letter from Catholic bishops very concerned about that. Other faith-based organizations are very concerned about that. I am sure nonfaith-based organizations are concerned about that. And, obviously, if the position is left in place as it now exists or as it existed when it passed out of the House, we would think that, without that preclusion, without that condition attached, we would be obviously not offering an amendment because we all agree with that. On the other hand, if the manager's amendment somehow changes that and puts that condition into the bill, then we would very much hope, Mr. Speaker, that the majority would allow all the Members who think perhaps that condition should not be attached to the bill to have a free shot at making that policy judgment on a separate amendment rather than just as a vote against the manager's amendment, which seems like somewhat not only a clumsy vehicle but very conflicted because there will be some issues in the manager's amendment, most of which I am sure the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Frank) and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Oxley) will probably agree on, but I would hope that the acting majority leader could work with the gentleman from California (Mr. Dreier), with his leadership to ensure that we have a freestanding debate on that issue. It is an important issue, and I think it will serve the House well if we do that.  I would be glad to yield to my friend for any comments he might have.  