Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. Very frankly, I listened to the Republican comments about this budget, and I cannot decide whether it is George Orwell or Lewis Carroll who is writing their stuff: Up is down; down is up; black is white; huge deficits are really savings. My, my, my.  Mr. Speaker, it is very tempting to come to the House floor today and to focus solely on the numbers; to focus on the fact that in just 4 short years the Republican Party has turned a projected 10-year budget surplus of $5.6 trillion in surplus into a projected deficit of $4 trillion; to focus on the fact that this year OMB projects a record budget deficit of $427 billion, and it will actually be over half a trillion dollars, the third record deficit in a row; to focus on the fact that since 2001, this Republican Party has added more than $2.2 trillion to the national debt, now $8.2 trillion, and that Republicans will increase the debt ceiling by another $780 billion this year in this budget.  It is tempting, Mr. Speaker, to let this important debate revolve around numbers, but I think the American people want the big picture, and here is the unvarnished truth: This budget conference report is the absolute epitome of unfairness and irresponsibility.  At a time of exploding deficits and debt, this conference report calls for another $70 billion in tax cuts, with nearly 75 percent of those tax breaks going to the wealthiest 3 percent of Americans. At the very same time, it calls for $10 billion cut to Medicaid. I would presume that the 43 people plus the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Mrs. Wilson) who signed this letter and said ``don't cut Medicaid,'' I would presume all 44 of those Republicans will vote ``no'' on this budget. We will see.  It also calls for cuts to student loans, food stamps, pension benefits and other national priorities. I suggest to my friend the majority leader, who was concerned rightfully about the vulnerable, those, Mr. Leader, are the vulnerable. They are let down in this budget.  Furthermore, this conference report not only fails to arrest our exploding deficit, it makes it worse, increasing the deficit by some $168 billion over the next 5 years. And while the Republican Party tries to convince the American people that Social Security faces an imminent crisis, the Republican conference report would spend every last nickel of the Social Security trust fund; every last nickel.  Now, let me refer the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Nussle) to comments I am sure that are emblazoned upon his brain: ``The Congress will protect 100 percent of the Social Security and Medicare trust funds. Period. No speculation. No supposition. No projections. Jim Nussle, July 11, 2001.''  Mr. Speaker, let me remind my friends that the other side of the aisle on seven different times between 1999 and 2001, House Republicans voted to protect our Social Security surplus. They could do it because of the Clinton surpluses. They could do it because of the Clinton surpluses.  But over the last 4 years, when you controlled this House, the Presidency, and the Senate, you could not do it. You have not done it. You have spent every nickel and decimated the lockbox.  The chairman of the Committee on the Budget boldly proclaimed in 2001 again, ``We will not touch a nickel of Social Security.'' He touches every nickel tonight.  What the Nation has seen over the last 4 years is nothing short of full-scale retreat from fiscal responsibility and the imposition of Republican policies that will immorally force our children to pay our bills, because we are not paying for what we propose buying tonight. This conference report is the latest example of that irresponsibility.  I urge my colleagues in all good conscience, vote ``no.''  