 Mr. DeLAY. As I was saying before I was interrupted, and I appreciate the gentleman yielding, the point is that both sides, in the old rules, both sides could shut the process down. The difference is, and it is a huge difference, the Members would be hanging out there and with no resolution.  And the gentleman is incorrect and misrepresents the process. The process starts with the ranking member and the chairman looking at the facts as presented to them by the person charging the Member. And then they decide whether to submit a recommendation to the full committee to proceed further and what action should be taken. So the facts the gentleman is talking about start with the ranking member and the chairman. Then a recommendation is submitted, just like a DA would submit a recommendation to a grand jury. And this is the grand jury process, to the committee, and the committee makes a decision whether they go forward.  Now, what happens in practice is, if that Member that has been charged receives from the committee that they are moving towards an investigative subcommittee, that is a huge hit on that Member, whether he is guilty or not. The press run with it and all kinds of things happen, as the gentleman perfectly knows. So that step to go to an investigative subcommittee is a very, very important step. And that is why the Speaker thought it was really important that a bipartisan vote be made in order to get to that step. It starts with his own ranking member making a decision, in concert, one vote to one vote, with the chairman, whether to submit the recommendation to the committee to proceed. And that is where the gentleman's concerns can be taken care of as to whether it is going to be blocked one way or another.  Then once they have made that recommendation, if they make a strong recommendation to proceed to an investigative subcommittee, I guarantee you, because you have a Republican chairman and a Democrat ranking member, the committee is going to follow their recommendation more times than not, and you will have a bipartisan, and in many cases, a unanimous vote to proceed to the next step.  The problem is, and it is a real problem that was used, where you come to a deadlock, then there is no resolution for the Member that has been charged. And the Speaker felt very strongly that that undermines the rights of every Member of this House.  