Speaker, I thank my friend from California, the chairman of the Committee on Rules, for yielding to me.  Mr. Speaker, those of us who have been here for some period of time quickly learn that those who serve this House, this institution, who may not speak in the well, who may not introduce legislation, who may not participate in debates, nevertheless are absolutely critical to the legislative process. As a group they bring a degree of love of country, love of the House of Representatives, and commitment to their work that surely if paralleled somewhere, it is only in a few places.  I have had the privilege of working with the desk officers, the reporters, the parliamentarians for now over a quarter of a century, less time than Susan Hanback has served this House. She was here when I came here in 1981.  Her decision to retire as Chief of the Office of Official Reporters is, of course, wonderful news for her and her family. We had an opportunity to discuss it on the floor just the other evening about how she is going to enjoy her Virginia residence, perhaps much more peaceful, less hassled, but from time to time perhaps a little less interesting as well, but certainly more restful. And she deserves the rest because her service has been extraordinary.  As has been said by the gentleman from California (Mr. Dreier), she has worked in the House since the late 1960s. She witnessed during that time some of the most important events that have occurred on the House floor, including debates on legislation affecting every aspect of Americans' lives as she transcribed innumerable speeches and statements of hundreds of Members of Congress.  Those who transcribe history are critically important because future generations will learn from the historic record that they have set down, and the accuracy of that reporting is critically important not only to the deliberations of this body today, but it will be critically important to the precedents of tomorrow.  Mrs. Hanback has dedicated her career to serving the American people just as surely as every one of us who serves here in elected office. Those who serve as reporters and at the desk and as the parliamentarians and in every other aspect of making sure this House runs correctly serve America, serve America's citizens, serve America's freedom. By accurately reporting for and helping oversee the production of the Congressional Record, Susan has helped ensure that there is a government accessible to the people and is, therefore, a government for the people, of the people, and by the people.  Susan was critical, as so many of you are whose names are not known to the public and, indeed, whose names may not be known to many who serve here by your sides every day. But because your names are not known, it does not mean that the service you perform is not absolutely essential to our democracy.  Susan Hanback was offered a job, Mr. Speaker, as a Senate official reporter in 1987. As testimony to the love of this House, she turned that offer down and chose to stay in the House because she thought it was more interesting, and the people said, Amen.  We are all, of course, very grateful, Susan, that you made that decision. We have been advantaged not only by the skill with which you have performed your job, but by the warmth of your personality and the grace that you have served this body.  I would like to wish you all the very best. The gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), minority leader, and the leadership on this side joins with the Speaker, the majority leader, the majority whip, and all the officers, including the gentleman from California (Mr. Dreier), on that side of the aisle to say in a nonpartisan, bipartisan, unanimous way, Susan, you have served us well. You have served your country well. We wish you the very greatest of happiness as you now retire from this body to serving so well your family as you have done for so long, but now will do so much more present with them, and we wish you the very best.  