Speaker, I appreciate the leader's observations and his comments. Again, we will certainly respond to that.  We have a lot of ideas on this side, as all the Members have, in trying to respond to this and trying to anticipate what the needs will be in this crisis situation. As the leader pointed out in his closing remarks on the supplemental, we have had literally millions of people whose lives have been adversely affected, displaced, moved, and some whose lives have been put at great disruption; so I am sure Members on all sides have ideas of how we can best respond. So we will do that.  Let me say, Mr. Leader, and I appreciate your remarks about working together on this, that there is not a person on this floor on either side of the aisle who does not want to work together to have an effective response so that we can help our brother and sister citizens who have been traumatized. I would hope that we would have an opportunity on whatever the legislation might be that we come up with over the next 48 hours, or by Monday, to have that perhaps reviewed. And because of the crisis and the need to move expeditiously and quickly, even if it is an hour or two notice to have a subcommittee or committee or, frankly, the bipartisan leadership look at a piece of legislation to discuss what is in it and what could be in it and what should be in it, I think that would be very helpful.  The gentleman observed that the American people want us to act together on this, and I agree with him. Not only do I agree with the gentleman, but we want to do that. So that would facilitate that, and I hope we can do that.  Let me ask something else, and I say to the leader that, unfortunately, there was not the kind of discussion that I think would have helped us on this. I agree with you, and every Member here I think agrees with you, that today or tomorrow or next Monday is not the time to look at what went wrong and how do we make it right. What we need to do is respond, rescue, and recover.  On the other hand, it is hurricane season. We still have threats, as the gentleman knows. There is a tropical storm off Florida right now that is forming, so we do need to ensure that we have the best opportunity to respond in an emergency manner.  The Speaker and Mr. Frist met yesterday and announced a committee. We believe that perhaps a commission might be more appropriate, with both parties participating equally to respond to this and to see how we can do better. Can the gentleman tell me anything about the status of either the joint committee or commission that the gentleman's side might be thinking about?  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman continuing to yield, and as he knows and has said, the Speaker and the majority leader of the Senate announced a joint committee to look into the response before and after Hurricane Katrina. I am not privy. It is the responsibility of the Speaker to make those kinds of appointments for that committee and put together the resolution, if it requires one to create the committee. I do know that the Speaker and his staff are working hard to get that up and going as soon as possible.  The gentleman is right, we should not be bogging down those that are trying to make decisions that affect the lives of these victims. At the same time, and the gentleman understands this, the longer we wait around thisplace, the longer things take to happen, and it is incumbent upon us to get this joint committee up and running.  I might say to the gentleman that I know he has suggested a commission, but I feel very strongly that it is our responsibility as a Congress in a bipartisan way to look at these issues and have oversight of these issues. And in accepting and understanding that responsibility, and not being relieved by somebody else or some other commission of that responsibility, this was one of the best ways we knew to do this.  We looked back at precedent, even when the gentleman's side of the aisle was in the majority, and found a precedent for doing this in a bipartisan, bicameral way when the Democrats wanted to do it, and we thought it made sense and so that is exactly what we did.  So we feel strongly that we, in a bipartisan way, are responsible for looking at these issues, and I would imagine by next week we will address this by whatever means is necessary to get it up and going. And also next week, I would assume that the Speaker would make those appointments that are necessary to fill that joint committee.  