Chairman, I want to thank chairman Knollenberg and ranking member Olver for doing the best they could with thelimited resources that were made available to the subcommittee.  The allocation that we were given highlights this inescapable fact: the budget resolution passed by the republican majority has real consequences.  It is clear, for example, that the funding for Amtrak is simply not adequate.  It seems to be an effort to shut down national passenger rail in this country.  Make no mistake: if we fail to provide Amtrak the funds it needs to operate, we won't just be shutting down the few routes identified by the committee to be closed.  The resulting layoffs, inability to fund capital upgrades, and lack of funds to operate remaining routes will eventually lead to the shut down of national passenger rail permanently.  However, despite this and other problems with the bill, I believe that it contains many good provisions that deserve our support.  For example, I am pleased that the committee adopted the Hoyer-Wolf-Moran amendment, providing a 3.1 percent pay adjustment for Federal civilian employees--which is consistent with the pay adjustment proposed for our military personnel.  We must recognize the contributions made by both Federal civilian employees and military personnel to the safety and security of this Nation.  I am also pleased that the $126.7 million that the president requested for the FDA consolidation was included in the bill. These funds will help relocate FDA employees from their current substandard facilities into modern, state-of-the-art facilities, and end the practice of extending costly leases for various FDA offices throughout the region.  Furthermore, I am pleased that the chairman recognized that the Federal Government has a responsibility to the general aviation airports in the metropolitan region that were shut down after 9/11--through no fault of their own.  In this bill, we reimburse those airports for their losses and the chairman has committed to working with me to increase that amount during conference to ensure full restitution.  That is fair. And, that is right.  Finally, I am pleased that this bill recognizes the important Federal role in helping States reform their election systems.  The bill sensibly provides $15.8 million to the new Election Assistance Commission so it can fulfill the high expectations Congress intended when it passed the Help America Vote Act of 2002.  I also am personally gratified that the bill's accompanying report urges the EAC to set aside $250,000 for the HAVA College Program, an innovative program that encourages college students all over the Nation to enlist as non-partisan poll workers.  To be sure, Congress has not carried out all its election reform obligations to the states. And, I am disappointed the bill does not provide the remaining $800 million we owe the States to upgrade their voting machines, provide voter and pollworker training, and improve voting machine security.  I appreciate the committee's hard work on this bill. This legislation is not perfect. But it contains many important, needed provisions that deserve our support.  