Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  I would like to acknowledge the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Cole) and his leadership. We had the opportunity to travel recently to Iraq, to Amman, and to Israel. Both Israel and Iraq have now passed through two very historic elections. I had the opportunity of speaking about the Palestinian election just recently.  Despite the fact, Mr. Speaker, that we have differences over our Nation's military action in Iraq, I supported the effort and will support the funding to accomplish the objectives. But I have made valid criticisms, as others have, of the administration's administration or execution of the policy. However, Mr. Speaker, I believe that all of us are united today, hopefully, in saluting the courageous Iraqi people who turned out to vote on Sunday. I know that every Member of the body commends the bravery and sacrifice of our men and women in uniform whose patriotism and professionalism made this important day possible.  We must hope that 50 years from now a future generation of Iraqis can look back at this election, this event, as a turning point in the history of their nation and as a victory for freedom over tyranny, for democracy over despotism.  After toiling under the boot of Saddam Hussein for decades and weathering a vicious terrorist insurgency over the last 2 years, the Iraqi people said no, no to intimidation, and yes to the most basic democratic right, the right to vote.  Sunday's election, Mr. Speaker, in which millions of Iraqis cast ballots, is a stunning repudiation of those who despise freedom and democracy. Zarkawi, that criminal leader of terrorist activity and insurgency in Iraq, said it accurately for the terrorists: They despise democracy. They despise freedom. They fear the decisions of free people. That is why they tried to intimidate the Iraqi people.  Having lived under the totalitarian Saddam Hussein regime all these years, however, the Iraqi people know that the insurgents offer nothing but further repression and violence.  Last Friday, Mr. Speaker, I had the privilege of visiting the out-of-country voting station in New Carrollton, Maryland, and watched as many of these Iraqis Diaspora cast their votes freely for the first time in their lives. The joy and pride on their faces and in their hearts had to move everyone with whom they spoke. It was a moving moment, it was an historic moment, and it was a poignant reminder to all of us that our rights, while God-given, must never be taken for granted; a reminder that the cost of protecting those freedoms is sometimes high, and we must honor those with the courage and commitment even for others across the sea to protect those rights in the realization that democracies and free people are safer for us here at home than the tyrannies that have prevailed in history.  Without question, Mr. Speaker, there are difficult days ahead. The truly hard work that remains in establishing a viable, stable democracy that is capable of maintaining internal order in Iraq is not finished by far. But today, today at least, Mr. Speaker, let us celebrate the courage of the Iraqi people and express our gratitude and pride in the bravery of our Armed Forces, our men and women in uniform who made that day possible.  