Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I want to join my friend, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon) who has done such an extraordinary job in raising the consciousness of the Congress and of the American people with respect to the importance of our volunteer and paid fire fighting community and our emergency medical response teams throughout this country.  I also want to join my good friend, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Sabo), and I want to join the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon) in thanking the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Rogers) for his agreement to move this forward and for helping us fashion this amendment.  I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Lewis) as well, the chairman of our full committee. Mr. Chairman, I would like to express sincere appreciation to all of those involved, and I particularly want to recognize my friend, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell) whose effort was extraordinary in the adoption of the Fire Act, which provides for the basic grant program.  All of us were involved, but no one was more involved and more in the leadership, and of course his bill was the basis for the establishment of this. I would be remiss if I did not also reiterate how important the Fire Service Caucus has been and Bill Webb, who is the Executive Director of the foundation, and their focus on the issues that confront us.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment provides much needed increases to both the Fire Grant and SAFER programs, and moves us closer to fulfilling our obligations to ensure that our Nation's firefighters have at their disposal every resource possible to not only guarantee their own safety, but also to allow them to better serve each of our communities.  The $25 million we add to each of these accounts brings the funding in the bill to $650 million, $575 million for the Fire Grant program, and $75 million for SAFER. The SAFER program deals with personnel, the Fire Grant program is a broader application of moneys dealing both with equipment, safety equipment, training and other matters.  This is $150 million above the level requested by the President and is a reflection of Congress' commitment to ensuring that our fire departments are properly staffed, trained and equipped. But these amounts are still, Mr. Chairman, well below the authorized levels and far from meeting the needs of the fire service.  The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon) pointed out the fact that the Base Closure Commission or the Pentagon has recommended to the commission the closure of many Guard and Reserve units around the country, and while first responders are critically important now they will be even more so if this action is taken.  The Fire Grant program was established by Congress in 2000, as I said through the leadership of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell), the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon) and so many others, to meet the basic equipment, training and fire fighting safety requirements of America's fire service, and to bring all fire departments to a baseline of readiness to respond to all hazards.  The Fire Grant program has been a tremendous success, providing more than $3 billion for the infrared cameras, HAZMAT detection devices, modern breathing apparatuses, improved training and physical fitness programs, new turn-out gear, fire trucks and interoperable communications systems, to name but a few of the items that have been provided for by the Fire Act.  The simple fact is that the equipment and training provided by these grants have saved the lives of firefighters and average citizens in communities across America, and I am proud to play a role in this program.  The SAFER Program authorized 2 years ago and funded for the first time last year is a vital compliment to the Fire Grant program, because insufficient staffing, defined by National Fire Protection Association as fewer than four firefighters per apparatus, is a very real problem for far too many of the Nation's career and volunteer fire departments.  Not only does that understaffing put at risk the firefighters but, as I said, it puts at risk those whom the firefighters would save, whether in a very serious automobile accident, in a fire, earthquake or other natural disaster.  Responding with fewer than four firefighters per apparatus prevents the first responder unit from complying with OSHA's two-in/two-out standard for safe fire-ground operations and adds unnecessary risk to the already dangerous job of fire suppression.  Mr. Chairman, the NFPA estimates that an additional 75,000 firefighters are required across the country and the additional funding we provide today will move us a little closer to achieving that goal.  Mr. Chairman, I am in strong support of this legislation. I thank the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Rogers), I thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Sabo), and I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell) and all of those who have been involved in supporting these two vital programs.  