 The good news is that the men and the women of the National Guard, the Coast Guard and other elements of the Federal Government are now acting so courageously and effectively. That is what we want, and that is why we oppose this bill which would create a partisan congressional committee to investigate the inept Federal response to Katrina. Because we believe it is imperative to establish an independent commission modeled on the highly regarded 9/11 Commission.  I will ask my friend who chairs the Rules Committee, who used to come to this floor on a regular basis and say, when Democrats were in the majority, why will you not allow us to consider an alternative? Are you afraid that the majority of this House will say, yes, a commission is the right way to go? Are you afraid that you cannot keep your Members in line? Are you afraid and therefore do not give us an amendment, do not give us a motion to recommit with instructions?  What is the fear? It is the fact that you are so focused on not having meaningful oversight, of keeping it in-house, of not having independence, that you do not allow us and the American public's representatives to have that alternative considered on the floor.  Ladies and gentlemen, oppose this resolution and continue to demand an independent commission, just as the American people want. We did it with 9/11. We can do it with Katrina. We can do the work that the people expect us to do. Vote against this resolution.  Madam Speaker, let no one be mistaken about why Democrats oppose this legislation.  We oppose this bill--which would create a partisan congressional committee to investigate the inept Federal response to Hurricane Katrina--because we believe it is imperative to establish an independent commission modeled on the highly regarded 9/11 Commission.  We are not alone.  In fact, a Washington Post-ABC news poll revealed this week that 76 percent of Americans support an independent commission.  Some Republicans support such a commission, as well.  Just this week, the Republican Senator Vitter of Louisiana--whose constituents were directly affected by this devastating hurricane--expressed his support for a commission.  Yet, Madam Speaker, this Republican majority today has denied Democrats the opportunity to even consider the bill offered by Mr. Hastings, which would create such an independent commission to investigate the local, State and Federal response.  Let's be clear: There is not bipartisanship coming from the other side of the aisle regarding the creation of real oversight.  The Speaker and Senate majority leader announced this proposal without even consulting Democrats.  The reality is, if this Republican majority were charged with investigating the actions of a Democratic administration, there is no doubt in my mind that its oversight would be real and vigorous.  But as the columnist David Broder pointed out recently: ``Majority Republicans see themselves first and foremost as members of the Bush team--and do not want to make trouble by asking hard questions.''  This majority has refused to conduct oversight over this administration during the last 4 years.  Why should we believe that it is prepared to fulfill its constitutional responsibilities now? We have no basis for believing that. And, that is why an independent commission is needed.  I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill.  