Con. Res. 163, honoring the Sigma Chi Fraternity on its 150th anniversary.  Like hundreds of thousands of men across the country I am honored to be a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity.  Although I was a Sigma Chi at the University of Maryland, I share a strong bond with my brothers across the country and around the world, including my fellow Sigma Chi men in Congress. We are connected by the shared tenants of our fraternal organization and we try to live our life by the ``Jordan Standard''--the Cornerstone of the Sigma Chi Fraternity.  Sigma Chi played an important role in my personal development and provided me with relationships that will last a lifetime. These experiences are not unlike the experiences that millions of other men and women have had with their respective fraternities and sororities.  Although sometimes ridiculed, the Greek system on the whole--without question--has made countless positive contributions to society.  Many of our Nation's leaders, from those in business to those in public service, are members of fraternities or sororities, including our current President. The benefits to our communities from these individuals--whose first leadership and service experiences were often through their involvement with the Greek System--are immeasurable.  Furthermore, beyond planting the seeds of leadership, fraternities and sororities compel their members to conduct themselves in accordance to the highest standards of honor, morality, and academic excellence.  Since its inception in 1855 at Miami University in Oxford, OH, Sigma Chi has helped young boys develop into strong, well-rounded, Sigma Chi men. I am proud to be a part of this fine organization and I congratulate Sigma Chi on its 150th year anniversary. May its good deeds and reputation of excellence endure for the next 150 years.  I ask my colleagues to join me and the other original cosponsors, Representatives Gerlach, Farr, Hyde, Oxley, Pickering, Schwarz, Shuster, and Skelton, in support of this legislation.  