Speaker, I want to thank the Chairman (Mr. Hyde) and the Ranking Member (Mr. Lantos) for bringing this important legislation to the Floor today.  As the former Chairman and Ranking Democrat on the Helsinki Commission, I was honored to advocate for the basic human rights of dissidents in the former Soviet Union, including in Ukraine, and know well their commitment to freedom and democracy.  And today, as this legislation recognizes, the people of Ukraine have achieved their long sought goal and under the leadership of their new President, Viktor Yushchenko, and today are moving forward with a spirit of optimism and hope.  Over the last several months, the people of Ukraine have weathered nothing short of political crisis.  The November 21st presidential runoff between then-Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich and President Yushchenko, who was then the opposition leader, was racked by voting irregularities and illegalities.  Ukranian and international observers both determined that state resources were abused in support of Prime Minister Yanukovich, who ``won'' that runoff. There was illegal voting by absentee ballot, multiple voting, assaults on election observers and the use of counterfeit ballots.  Ukranian citizens bravely engaged in peaceful demonstrations, the Parliament passed a resolution declaring that there were violations of law during the runoff, and it passed a resolution expressing no confidence in the government of Prime Minister Yanukovich.  Then, the Ukrainian Supreme Court declared the runoff invalid and ordered a new presidential election on December 26th.  As all the world watched, the people of Ukraine elected Victor Yushchenko as their President by a clear margin.  Mr. Speaker, I specifically want to note the great personal courage of President Yushchenko, who was poisoned by dioxin in late summer. He also has shown maturity and leadership throughout this political crisis.  In fact, yesterday, on his first full day in office, President Yushchenko visited Russian President Putin in Moscow, who had openly backed Mr. Yankukovich.  The new President's leadership, as well as the people of Ukraine's commitment to democracy, bodes well for this nation. And I join my colleagues in congratulating them on this accomplishment.  