Speaker. I am sure the gentleman is familiar with the letter that the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Spratt) and Mr. Conrad and others have sent with reference to reconciliation. We are concerned, of course, because of Katrina and for the exact reason we have postponed reconciliation, we are very concerned that the needs are so large at this point in time that we need to be very careful about the issue of Medicaid and, frankly, the issue of additional tax cuts.  In light of the fact we have just spent $62 billion additional, which we did not anticipate and which will exacerbate, therefore, our budget deficit, and which absolutely had to be done, everybody, almost everybody supported that effort, including the majority leader and myself, but we hope that we can perhaps have discussions about that issue as well.  Lastly, Mr. Leader, I talked about the long term and Thanksgiving. October. We have a number of holidays in October. Could the gentleman perhaps amplify on what his expectation is of the first 2 weeks in October?  My understanding is the probability is that we will be in Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday of the first week of October, but the second week of October, can the gentleman give us some thoughts on what that might be in light of the Jewish holidays and the Christopher Columbus holiday?  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman will continue to yield, I would note that the week of October 10, which is the second week of October, and due to the way that Columbus Day and Yom Kippur fall that week, there is only a very narrow window of time when we could be voting. And with the expectation that we could potentially be in session until the Friday before Thanksgiving, we would suggest that the House follow the Senate and adjourn for the entire week of October 10.  As for the week of October 3, Rosh Hashanah will make it very difficult for many Members to return to the Capitol prior to the evening of Wednesday, October 5, and at this point in time we anticipate having votes that week but not before Wednesday night.  We will watch as things unfold with regard to the needs of floor time and we will make further pronouncements as we get closer to that week.  