Speaker, I strongly support this Joint Resolution calling on President Bush to issue a proclamation recognizing the 30th anniversary of the signing of the Final Act of the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe, commonly known as the Helsinki Agreement.  The Helsinki Final Act--which was signed on August 1, 1975--was the first international agreement to accord human rights the status of a fundamental principle in regulating international relations, and has been widely credited with helping to expose human rights violations in the former Soviet bloc.  In fact, I firmly believe that the political process set in motion by the signing of the Helsinki Final Act laid the groundwork for the forces that consumed the former Soviet empire.  In 1975, many of the Final Act signatory states viewed the language of the act dealing with human rights and the obligation that each state had toward its own citizens, as well as those of other states, as essentially meaningless window dressing. Their objective was to secure a framework in which their international political position and the then-existing map of Europe would be adjudged a fait accompli.  They were proved wrong. The Helsinki process, which provided a forum and international backing for Refuseniks and others fighting behind the Iron Curtain for fundamental freedoms and human rights--led inevitably to the collapse of Soviet communism.  Today, we celebrate the freedom yielded by our steadfast commitment to the Helsinki process and by our demand that the former Soviet bloc countries adhere to and implement the human rights standards enshrined by the accords.  The fall of the Berlin Wall transformed the world and demonstrated without reservation that respect for the dignity of all individuals is fundamental to democracy.  As we reflect on this 30th anniversary, we understand that the countries and peoples of the region are still in transition and will be for decades to come. Great strides have been made by many former communist countries in building democratic societies and market economies.  But in my view, Mr. Speaker, it is critical that the United States remain engaged with the peoples and governments of Europe and the countries that emerged from the former Soviet Union, especially Russia.  We must remain committed to a Europe whole, free, democratic and at peace. It is in our strategic and national interest to do so. And by doing so, we honor the memory of all those who sacrificed so much to hold high the banner of freedom.  Finally, let me note that this Joint Resolution reasserts the commitment of the United States to fully implement of the Helsinki Act; urges all participating states to abide by their obligations under the Act; and encourages Americans to join the President and Congress in observing this 30th anniversary.  I urge my colleagues to support this important Resolution.  