Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I am not going to offer an amendment, but I do want to speak on this bill. First of all, I want to congratulate the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Knollenberg) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Olver) for their hard work on this bill.  The last amendment demonstrates the folly of the Republican fiscal policies and the Republican budget. There are simply insufficient resources to cover the responsibilities, not the wants, but the responsibilities that we have. I want to speak about one of those.  I am pleased that the bill before us recognizes the importance of continuing our investment in helping States reform their election systems. This bill sensibly provides $15.8 million to the new Election Assistance Commission so it can fulfill the high expectations Congress intended when it passed the Help America Vote Act of 2002.  I am personally gratified that the bill's accompanying report urges the EAC to set aside $250,000 for the HAVA college program, an innovative program that encourages college students all over the Nation to enlist as nonpartisan poll workers.  But, Mr. Chairman, this bill falls short of what HAVA requires. Almost 3 years after HAVA was enacted, Congress has yet to carry out all its election reform obligations and promises to the States. I am especially disappointed the bill does not provide the remaining $800 million we owe the States to upgrade their voting machines, provide voter and pollworker training, and improve voting machinery technology.  I have not offered an amendment because there is not $800 million to take from one of the objects in this bill to an obligation that we have, so I am not offering an amendment. Moreover, starting on January 1, HAVA requires, and I want my friends, particularly on the Republican side of the aisle, who have been properly very concerned about unfunded mandates. They have talked a lot about unfunded mandates. I agree with you on unfunded mandates.  This bill, HAVA, required States to spend money and it requires them tohave every voter online with the local precinct in statewide registration offices. That is expensive. It will help elections, but it is expensive. These systems, which will cost States tens of millions of dollars to install and maintain, will go a long way toward improving the accuracy and reliability of registration rolls and reduce fraud, something we all can agree on.  Today, Congress has appropriated $3 billion of the $3.8 billion promised in HAVA, roughly 78 percent of what was promised. That sum represents an important down payment to the States, and I thank the Speaker, the former chairman, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) for their strong support in securing this money. I might say that the administration was supportive of this as well. This was a bipartisan effort.  However, we clearly have not carried out our promise. I happen to believe that a promise only partially fulfilled is a promise unfulfilled. For those who would say appropriating 78 percent is enough, I would suggest to them that they ought to talk to their State administrators who are not able to get the money that we are requiring them, hear me, requiring them to spend.  The principal cosponsors spent considerable time estimating how much it would cost the States to fulfill all of the mandates prescribed in the bill. We consulted State and local election officials, the Congressional Research Service and the then-Government Accounting Office, among other authorities, before deciding $3.8 billion would provide the States with the resources necessary for comprehensive reform.  Indeed, there is reason to believe we underestimated what it would cost. Some credible reports estimated the cost will actually be over $6 billion. At a time when we are spending $1 billion a week building a viable democracy in Iraq, money which I have supported, an objective that I think is important, we can and must find it in ourselves to fund our own democratic infrastructure so that no eligible voter is ever refused the right to vote through administrative or mechanical error.  