Speaker, 2 days from today, July 14 of this year, Meyer M. Cardin would have turned 98 years of age. Meyer M. Cardin was a beloved member of the Maryland community. Meyer M. Cardin was the father of our colleague, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cardin).  Judge Meyer Cardin was not only a wonderful human being, Mr. Speaker, but also a respected jurist, a committed public servant and a patriotic American. He was born in Baltimore on July 7, 1907, and then educated in the public schools of Baltimore City. He also attended the Army and Navy Prep School.  He received his law degree from the University of Maryland Law School and was admitted to practice law in 1929, 10 years before I was born. Six years later in 1935 at the age of 27, Judge Cardin was elected to the Maryland House of Delegates and served in that body for 2 terms, 8 years. At the time of his death, Mr. Speaker, he was the oldest surviving former member of the Maryland General Assembly.  In 1955, Meyer Cardin became Chief Police Magistrate for Baltimore City and served in that post for 2 years. He then served as the Chief Judge of the traffic court in Baltimore City before becoming the Chairman of the Workmans Compensation Commission in 1958. Judge Cardin was then appointed as an Associate Judge of the Baltimore City Circuit Court by former Governor J. Millard Tawes in 1961 and served in that capacity until his retirement on his birthday July 14, 1977.  Mr. Speaker, the true measure of a successful man or woman is not simply the personal accomplishments that I have articulated or something that they have achieved in terms of honors throughout the course of their life or in their professional career.  No, Mr. Speaker, the true measure of a successful person is also whether they have made their community, their State, their church, in this case their synagogue, their Nation a better place and whether they have done their best to ensure that their children and the members of their family are contributing, productive members of our society. By this measure, Mr. Speaker, there can be no doubt that Meyer M. Cardin was an enormously successful human being.  For some eight decades, the Cardin name has been synonymous with public service and civic-mindedness. That is due in large measure to the work of Meyer; his brother, Maurice, who practiced law at the family law firm and also served in the House of Delegates; his son, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cardin) who is well known to us here for his intellect and commitment to public service; his son, Howard, who is a successful lawyer; and now, Mr. Speaker, his grandson, of whom he was extraordinarily proud, as he was proud of all of his grandchildren, John, who now serves in the House of Delegates.  Mr. Speaker, tonight, I want to offer my condolences and the condolences of all my colleagues to my friend, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cardin); to his brother, Howard; and to all of their family, to all of the friends of Judge Cardin.  Meyer Cardin lived a long prosperous and productive life, but more importantly, he has set a strong example and created a legacy that will long endure.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), the distinguished Democratic leader, a daughter of Baltimore, whose father was a very close friend of Meyer Cardin.  