Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and want to congratulate the gentleman from Delaware (Mr. Castle) and the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DeGette) for her leadership and his leadership on this bill. This is, I think, one of the most important bills that we will consider for the welfare of people not only in this country, but throughout the world.  Mr. Speaker, let us be very clear about what this bipartisan, moderate bill would do and not do. This legislation, which has 200-plus cosponsors from both sides of the aisle, would not permit Federal funding for cloning; it would not permit Federal funding to create embryos, nor would it permit Federal funding to destroy embryos.  This important legislation simply expands the current Federal policy of allowing Federal funding for research on stem cell lines derived after the arbitrary date of August 9, 2001, from embryos created for fertility treatment that would otherwise be discarded.  Recall that on that date, President Bush announced that Federal funds would be available to support research on human embryo stem cells so long as such research was limited to existing stem cell lines. At the time it was believed that 78 stem cell lines were eligible. Yet today, as we know, only 22 such lines are available for research, and these lines are aged, contaminated or developed with outdated research. Meanwhile, there are at least 125 new stem cell lines with substantial potential that federally funded researchers cannot use.  Thus, Mr. Speaker, I believe the issue before this House today is this: Will we foster embryonic stem cell research, research that holds great promise for the potential treatment or cure of diseases such as ALS, Lou Gehrig's disease, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and other diseases, and offer hope to those with spinal cord injury and other injuries of the nervous system, or will we stand in the way?  I know that the opponents of this bill believe that we are ignoring the ethical and moral implications of such research. I do not share that view. But, in fact, this legislation requires the Department of Health and Human Services and the National Institutes of Health to issue guidelines for ethical considerations; it requires a determination that the embryos would never have been implanted and would have been discarded; and it requires the donor's written, informed consent.  Mr. Speaker, I realize this is a difficult issue for many. It is, however, I think, an issue that the American people have made a judgment on. It is an issue which they, I think, overwhelmingly support. The polls seem to reflect that at least 60 percent of the Americans asked the question support this important effort. They believe it holds promise for them, for their spouses, for their children.  We have talked much about life on this floor. It is important that we do so. It is important that we do so in a thoughtful and principled way.  I believe that this moderate, well-thought-out, carefully constructed bill takes a step that America expects us to take. This is the People's House. I believe the people would have us pass this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to vote accordingly.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Akin).  