I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania as well on getting this bill to the floor early. The gentlewoman from Pennsylvania, I know, has worked with us on so many different matters. I thank her very much for making sure this happens.  Madam Speaker, for the 15th straight year, I am proud to sponsor the resolution allowing the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to hold its annual race on the grounds of the United States Capitol. They could notdo so without this legislation. H. Con. Res. 86 authorizes the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board to work with the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to ensure that all the necessary arrangements are made to conduct this race in complete compliance with the rules and regulations governing the use of the Capitol Grounds. The 64th annual Greater Washington Soap Box Derby will be held on Saturday, June 18.  Since 1991, the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association has held its race on the Capitol Grounds. Each year, it attracts over 50 racers, both boys and girls, ranging in age from 8 to 17. These young people work very hard to build their own gravity-powered race cars from a kit provided by the All-American Soap Box Derby program. What a great name, All-American Soap Box Derby, because it is, of course, true that like apple pie and motherhood, soap box derby rings so true to all Americans. Participating in the soap box derby provides contestants with an opportunity to learn basic building skills and a sense of accomplishment. Racers are divided into three divisions, stock, super stock and masters. The local winner of each division automatically qualifies to compete with racers from around the world in the All-American soap box derby. This year's race will be held on July 30 in Akron, Ohio, where every year since 1936, except during World War II, young people have gathered to race.  The festivities in Akron begin when the racers receive a police escort into town and conclude in the winner's circle with the awarding of scholarships and merchandise. In between, the racers and their families participate in a whirlwind of activities that leave them with enduring friendships and memories that I am sure will last a lifetime.  Madam Speaker, I am honored that all three of last year's winners of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby were from my congressional district from the Washington competition: Haley Luense of Accokeek, Robbie Reuss of Waldorf and Robert McDaniel of Bowie. They were not winners of the national competition but they were participants and did well.  Madam Speaker, this event has been called and I quote, the greatest amateur racing event in the world. There may be a dispute on that from time to time, but it is a wonderful opportunity for our children from the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia to venture into the world of engineering while experiencing the spirit of competition.  Therefore, Madam Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to join with me and the other original cosponsors, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf), the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran), the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton), the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Wynn) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Van Hollen) in supporting this resolution. Again, I thank the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania for her leadership in assuring that this bill gets to the floor in a timely fashion so that we will be ready for June 18.  