Speaker, I am pleased to support this resolution, H. Con. Res. 45, recognizing the benefits and importance of school-based music education programs.  I have long been a strong advocate for music education programs, both in my home state of Maryland and nationally. I believe that music education should be available to students of all ages and a part of every student's academic experience.  Music education programs enrich the whole student, and are a critical component to a well-rounded academic curriculum. In my home state of Maryland, educators and administrators have worked to integrate music and arts programs into academic curriculums in order to provide students with these important benefits. At a time when education programs are struggling for adequate funding and state and local governments across the country face tremendous budget pressures, it is more important than ever to highlight and emphasize the importance of music education programs.  Music education can also enhance intellectual development and skills integral to improved learning. Skills learned through the study of music help children become better students. Skills learned through music transfer to improve study skills, communication skills, and cognitive skills. Also, studies have shown that students involved in music classes are less likely to be disruptive, have better attendance, and are more likely to receive academic honors and awards.  Studies have also shown that participation in school-based music education can increase student success. For example, in 2001 the College-Bound Seniors National Report showed that students with coursework in music performance and music appreciation scored notably higher on the SATs than students with no arts participation. Studies have shown that participation in music classes correlate with increased proficiency in mathematics and success in science.  We must place a high value on music education. I am pleased to support this resolution supporting the importance of music education programs and urging that the benefits of music education should be available to every student.  