 In actuality, thanks to the Obama administration, our overall defense spending has been cut by $10.7 billion in fiscal 2009 and then cut again in 2010. You might say fiscal 2009 was from the previous administration. But the second part of the emergency supplemental is where the cuts came in, and that was done by the Obama administration.  We have reached a crossroads where we will choose to either invest in modernization and readiness of our military or mistakenly ``kick the can down the road,'' which we have been doing.  Based on the projected defense budget for the next 10 years, it looks as if this administration is taking us down a path that leads to a weaker military that is poorly equipped. Two weeks ago, on April 6, Secretary Gates announced a broad plan of cuts and adjustments in the fiscal year 2010 DODbudget. His plan intends to ``reshape the priorities of America's defense establishment'' and ``profoundly reform how the DOD does business.''  However, the programs and systems he intends to cut will severely affect the ongoing effort to rebuild and modernize our military. I was in Afghanistan when this decision was announced. Most of the liberal journalists responded.  This plan comes at a time in our history when we have dramatically increased domestic spending by trillions of dollars under the umbrella of ``emergency bailouts'' and ``stimulus packages.''  Think about it. I think that $700 billion, quite frankly, was thrown away. It was supposed to be used for damaged assets and it was used to bail out friendly banks. I will defend Paulson a little, because it was Tim Geithner who was the architect behind all of this. I will elaborate on that later.  If you want to stimulate the economy, there are three ways to do it. One would be for military spending, defense spending; another is infrastructure investment--highways, construction, bridges--and another is tax cuts.  Sadly, this President is on track to grow the country's obligations to 22 percent of our GDP, while he is shrinking defense spending in relation to GDP to 3 percent in 2019.  This chart shows that during the Clinton administration, in the 1990s, we took a holiday from the procurement of new weapons and modernizing the aging weapons systems. This black line is what he inherited in the beginning. If you add inflation to it, that is what it would have been. This line was the Clinton budget--$412 billion less than what normal inflation would be. It looks like that is where we are going from this point on.  Many of us in the Senate and in the House repeatedly spoke on the floor during the 1990s. We were concerned about the dangers of the massive cuts in personnel and procurement that were taking shape. With very few exceptions, our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines have been using the same weapons systems while fighting a two-fronted war on terror for 8 years. 