I was with Wade Paschal yesterday, and we were talking a little bit about love, something we don't see or sense a lot of in this body. In 1 Corinthians 13:13, there are three things--faith, hope, and love, and the greatest of these is love. I find myself faced with this dichotomy sometimes with feeling this and yet telling the truth at the same time because sometimes the truth isn't that prevalent around here either.  I had an unpleasant experience last Thursday with the junior Senator from West Virginia. I was pretty well assailed in different ways, and yet it really didn't bother me. Keith Oberlin called me the worst person in the world; Vanity Fair, a conspiracy theorist. I have to say this, though: At least they are all liberals. I love them all.  Having said that, let me discuss the politics of what is happening right now because this is something I think is going to end up being a positive thing for Republicans. I know not many people have thought this through in the same way I am going to present it.  Tonight the Senate will vote on whether to shut off debate--well, first of all, it needs to be clarified. A lot of people do not know what is going to happen tonight. I have been asked a lot of questions: Is it tonight at 5:30 or tomorrow? The key vote is tonight. This one needs 60 votes to cut off a filibuster. They have to have, in this Senate, two Republicans. If all Republicans stuck together in this Senate, such as they did in the House last week, this legislation would be dead. It wouldn't go anywhere. However, that is not what is going to happen.  Martin Feldstein called this an $800 billion mistake. He is not the only one disappointed in the Senate. Democrats worked hard in the past week to make this nearly a $900 billion mistake. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office reported, during the House consideration of its $820 billion version of this spending bill, that the cost of servicing the debt on all new debt created by this bill would be roughly $347 billion over 10 years, which means at $820 billion, the real cost, as we have heard before from many other people, would be $1.2 trillion.  It is a hard thing for people to grasp. It is hard for me. I remember when we were talking about the $700 billion bill that came up last October in the bailout, as it has been called, trying to put that into words so people would understand it.  If you take the 140 million families who file tax returns--and do your math--that is $5,000 a family. Now we are talking about something far greater than that.  I have been quoted as saying this bill we are going to be considering at 5:30 p.m. today is 93 percent spending and 7 percent stimulant. We know what stimulant is. We know what it takes to stimulate the economy. When I talk about what is in this bill to stimulate, I find only two things. One, a very small tax provision, accelerated depreciation and a loss carryback provision and, second, it has $27 billion in highway construction. This is interesting because the House bill actually had $30 billion. My feeling is if we are going to spend all this money, let's at least get something for it, provide some jobs, get some roads, highways and bridges, things this country needs. But they elected not to do that.  If you add together the accelerated depreciation and the tax benefits, that is about 3\1/2\ percent, and the $27 billion is about 3\1/2\ percent of the total amount we are going to be talking about. That is where you get 7 percent of stimulus and 93 percent spending.  We know what works. That is the issue that is frustrating to a lot of people. We know how to stimulate the economy. We have done it. At the end of World War I, they said: We raised taxes to support the war. Now we are going to reduce taxes because we don't need that money anymore. They reduced taxes, and it increased the revenues.  The real one who discovered this who had the foresight was President Kennedy. President Kennedy, during that time, made a statement that we have to have more revenue to run all these Great Society programs, and the best way to increase revenue is to reduce marginal rates. He did. He lowered tax rates across the board. He helped create the longest economic expansion in American history.  Listen to this: Between 1961 and 1968, the economy grew by 42 percent--42 percent. Fast forward to the eighties. In the eighties, we had a President named Ronald Reagan. In 1980, the total amount of revenue that was derived from the marginal rates was $244 billion. In 1990, it was $466 billion. It almost doubled in the decade that had the largest tax reductions in this Nation's history. So we know what we can do.  I have to say that a lot of this started with the $700 billion mistake that was made, in my opinion, back in October. The Senate voted 74 to 25 to empower one unelected bureaucrat to buy billions of dollars' worth of troubled assets. As it turned out, interestingly enough, he didn't do that. That is what he said he was going to do. That iswhat he told me personally he was going to do.  Finally, after all this bailout mania extended to the auto industry, Congress had the opportunity to redeem itself on the second half of that $700 billion mistake. In that vote, 33 Republicans and only 9 Democrats voted disapproving release of the second $350 billion.  We have to look at what has been going on in the debate. We are debating this multibillion-dollar legislation, and I think some of my Republican colleagues are too gracious to lay collective blame where it should be, and that is clearly on the Democratic side.  As the House considered this spending bill in a vote of 244 to 188, not a single Republican voted in favor of the $820 billion spending bill. Only by Republicans sticking together, 100 percent together in the Senate, can we stop this $1.2 trillion mistake. But should it pass this week, no one should be fooled and think it was done in a bipartisan way.  At the end of the Senate's consideration of H.R. 1, we are voting tonight to end debate on what is going to be called a compromise proposal. It is being called a compromise proposal. Let me tell the American people that the vote tonight on a proposal supported by all the Democrats and two Republicans is the furthest thing from a compromise proposal. In fact, the proposal we are now considering makes this past week in the Senate a waste of all our time.  Why do I say that? Let's look at the numbers. The House passed an $820 billion bill. In the Senate, we started with nearly $855 billion, more than the House. Although the compromise proposal reportedly only costs $780 billion, it includes the cost-raising amendments the Senate considered, bringing the price tag to around $827 billion. So what we are going to be considering tonight is actually $7 billion more than the House bill.  I do believe Senator McCain made an excellent statement. I am going to read the statement because I think he captures it. This is on the floor of the Senate. He said:       There are 178 Members of the House of Representatives who      are Republicans. They all voted against the bill, plus 11      Democrats. There are 40 Republican Senators here. We now have      2, count them, 2, who have decided behind closed doors,      without consultation with the other 38, to come to an      agreement, which you can call it a lot of things but      bipartisan isn't one of them, unless you say that 2      individuals and possibly a third, but no more than that out      of 40, are in agreement. I've been involved in a lot of      bipartisan legislation . . .  What we are talking about is 2 out of 535 in the Congress. This cannot be considered by anyone to be bipartisan.  I offered some amendments I thought would be good that would actually stimulate the economy. There are two of them. One was to redirect over $5 billion from programs, such as television coupons, trail improvements, renovations to Federal buildings in Washington, DC, to military spending and procurement. According to economic reports by Standard & Poor's, defense spending along with infrastructure investment and tax cuts has a greater stimulative impact on the economy than anything else the Government can do. However, how did my amendment fare? Thirty-seven Republicans and Senator Lieberman voted in favor of it. All the Democrats voted against it.  