President, first of all, I appreciate the fact that I will have 5 minutes. However, I have to say, after listening to my counterpart, the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I have rewritten my speech.  First of all, let me make a couple comments about her comments. When gasoline was $5 a gallon, or approaching that, out in California, there was a reason for that, a reasonable justification at that time. It is that old thing most of us who are in earshot right now learned years ago; it is called supply and demand. Our problem is, the Democrats have restricted our ability to exploit our own natural resources. We have a moratorium on offshore drilling to make it more and more difficult. So as they restrict our ability to produce oil and gas, obviously, it is a supply and demand thing, and the demand is going to go up and the price is going to go up. It is a very simple principle.  I think it is also interesting to talk a little bit about the cap-and-trade thing. We keep hearing that for acid rain, cap and trade worked. For acid rain, there were two differences. First of all, there was a technology that was workable at that time. We had a technology that said: We know how we can restrict it. Of course, there is no technology in terms of greenhouse gases in using cap and trade. The second thing is, in the acid rain situation, there were about approximately, at most, 1,000 sources. Here, there are literally millions of sources. So there is no way we can actually get involved in this and understand just how many sources there are out there. It would be life-changing for virtually everyone in our country.  The third thing, when the Senator from California was talking about the national sales tax, that it is not a national sales tax, we hang around Washington so long that we lose sight of the fact that if you are a poor person out there and you are spending half of your expendable income on driving your car and heating your home, and all of a sudden they double the cost of that, that is a tax increase; when you increase the cost of energy in America, it is not only an increase in a tax, but it is also regressive because those who have the least income are going to be spending a greater amount of their income on the purchase of energy.  The Senator from Illinois talked about global warming and all this and about the science. I will not get into the science thing because even though the science is mixed on this, even though there are quite a number of scientists who say there is not that relationship, that anthropogenic gases, CO2, methane, are not the major cause of global warming--or if global warming really exists--explain that to the people in Oklahoma. We had the largest snowstorm in the history of March 3 days ago. But nonetheless, we will go ahead and say: Well, for the sake of the debate on global warming, we could concede the science, even though the science is not there. The reason we can do that is we want people not to be distracted from the economics of this thing, what it really costs. This is one of the problems I have now.  The administration has talked about all the expenditures that are going on. We talked about the $700 billion bailout. We talked about the $787 billion stimulus plan. One thing about that is those are one-shot deals. The problem with this is, once you impose this cap-and-trade tax on the American people, this is every year. This is something that is not going to be just one time. I can remember arguing against the $700 billion bailout. I said: If you take the number of families who file a tax return and do your math, it comes to $5,000 a family. That is huge. But at least it is only once. This would be, as the Senator from South Dakota said, $3,000 a family every year. That is what we are talking about now.  When the administration came out and said it was $646 billion, that is probably understated about 1 to 4. The amount of money we know it is going to be in terms of all the studying that has taken place is around $6.7 trillion between now and 2050--$6.7 trillion. We had the other two bills up--when we had the McCain-Lieberman bill, that range was somewhere around $300 billion a year. When we had the Lieberman-Warner bill, that was a little bit more. When we had the Sanders-Boxer bill, that was about $366 billion a year. So the price tag goes up and up.  If we were to allow this to happen, this would be the largest single tax increase in the history of America. We cannot let that happen without going through the procedures, the normal procedures the Senate has provided.  I thank the Chair.  