One is the lack of testing capability for our existing stockpile of nuclear capability.  I am concerned about the additional money, some $560 million, to continue development and procurement of the alternate engine for the F-25 Joint Strike Fighter. We debated this over and over again. The end result would be, if this continues in the way it is right now, it would eventually knock us down by about 50 F-35 aircraft. This is something that should not take place.  While this authorization bill does prohibit the Gitmo detainees coming into the United States, it does allow for detainees to be transferred into the United States 45 days after the President has submitted a plan to Congress. It does not say that Congress has to approve the plan, just that they must submit the plan to Congress. Anytime I look at what has happened and the capability we have there at Gitmo--and to think we would shut it down for no reason I have ever been able to determine--that is concerning.  The last thing I would mention is, if we look at our responsibility of defending America, we are down now to a very small percentage of GDP compared to where we have been in the past. During the gulf war, our defense spending was 4.6 percent. It was 6 percent during the buildup of the Reagan years. If this trend continues on the road we are on now, it would be at 3 percent of GDP by 2019.  I would only remind you, Mr. President, we went through this same thing back at the beginning of the Clinton administration. As this chart shows, this line right here is a baseline. The Clinton budget is the red line down there. So we are talking about a degradation of some $412 billion in that period of time.  On the heels of that--I remember so well the jubilant cries that: The cold war is over. We don't need a strong defense anymore. I see that same sentiment coming on the horizon. I am very much concerned about that.  For that reason, I will be opposing the vote we will be facing in a short period of time. There still is time to send this back to conference and get some of those things taken care of. I would encourage our colleagues to give us the opportunity to do that.  I yield the floor.  