President, one of the amendments we are going to have the opportunity to vote on this afternoon is the Thune amendment. I have some strong feelings about it. I wish to make a couple observations that I think are necessary dealing with the fairness doctrine.  As indicated by the vote on Senator DeMint's amendment to the DC Voting Rights Act, any attempt on the part of any Senator to reinstate the fairness doctrine clearly goes against the will of Congress and the American people. It is a dangerous policy to enact more Government policing of our airwaves.  With the onset of the Internet and other media technology, there are countless sources of information at our fingertips. I can remember, and you can remember, I say to the Chair, many years ago when we had nothing but three networks, and we didn't even have talk shows at that time. Then CNN came along. I guess it was the first cable network.  At the time, there was limited opportunity. As it is now, with all the information that is going around, that is no longer a problem.  Senator DeMint's amendment addressed this issue. It was similar to the intent of the Thune amendment that will be coming up this afternoon. The DeMint amendment was adopted by a margin of 87 to 11. One would believe, then, that the Thune amendment would pass by an equally substantial margin. However, it was obvious at the time the vote on the DeMint amendment was merely a political game on the part of some of my colleagues to mask their true intent to regulate broadcast media, and I suspect the vote on this amendment will be different. I encourage my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to hold true to their earlier conviction and pass this measure by an equally substantial margin.  A lot of mail went out after that vote. People were talking about how they were going to protect first amendment rights, and we were not going to try to infringe on the airwaves with the fairness doctrine.  While reinstatement of the fairness doctrine still poses a threat to free speech on the airwaves, the debate over Government regulation of broadcast media has changed. Media ownership diversity and broadcast localism are the new liberal tools they intend to use to regulate the airwaves.  Two weeks ago, in a straight party-line vote, Democrats chose to adopt an amendment--it was amendment No. 591 sponsored by Senator Richard Durbin of Illinois--which calls on the FCC to ``encourage and promote diversity in communication media ownership and to ensure that broadcast station licenses are used in the public interest.''  That is very nebulous, very vague language, just enough to scare people who are in business but not enough to define what they are trying to do. There is no indication in the legislation as to what ``encourage and promote diversity'' and ``in the public interest'' means. These clauses can be interpreted by the FCC in any manner they choose.  The Durbin doctrine, as I refer to it, is legislation that is so incredibly vague and so potentially far reaching that there is no certainty what the end result will be. This is not good governance. This is not a good idea.  Another threat to our freedom of speech is a proposal called broadcast localism. We have two different issues. We have localism and then we have, of course, the diversity issue. Neither one is well defined. The FCC gave notice of proposed localism regulations in January of 2008. While the proposal was ultimately dropped, it is indicative of future attempts to regulate the airwaves and is something all Americans need to know about.  Among other things, the proposal would have required radio stations to adhere to programming advice from community advisory boards. It doesn't say what kind of advice. It doesn't say who these boards are. It could be ACORN. It could be just about anybody, I suppose. Then to report every 3 months on the content of their programming, they have to report what the content is when it has been a matter of public record anyway. They talk about how their program reflects the community interest. If you have one biased source of localism, they can dictate the content of broadcast material.  The localism rule, if it were promulgated, would mean that radio stationswould have to comply with blanket regulations and broadcast programming that may not be commercially viable and be forced to take into account the advice of community advisory boards over their regular listeners.  Right now it is market driven. That is what people do not understand. The reason we have content--I admit it is biased on the conservative side because most people are biased on the conservative side. In my State of Oklahoma, it does not matter if you are Democrat or Republican. They are people who are conservative. They want limited Government. They want limited taxation. I think Oklahoma is not the only State that is unique in that respect. Although the rule was ultimately abandoned, President Obama has expressed support for a new localism regulation, and it is expected to come up again under this administration.  Both localism and diversity--those are the keywords--in media ownership will force radio stations to comply with blanket regulations and to broadcast programming that is not commercially viable rather than taking into account the needs of their communities.  I was in Bartonsville, OK, last week. There is a guy up there named Kevin Potter who owns a station. That is his whole livelihood. He has been doing it for as many years as I can remember. It is a very competitive business he is in. He has to comply with something if it is specific, but this is so nebulous he doesn't know what he has to comply with. He is panicking that they would have the power under this new regulation to shut him down.  I think what is most concerning to me is the enforcement procedure for breaches of localism and diversity. Certainly, no one has been able to determine what that is or what the definition is.  Senator Durbin's amendment requires affirmative action on the part of the FCC stating ``the Commission shall take actions to encourage and promote diversity.'' It doesn't stipulate what actions or to what degree but instead leaves the enforcement mechanism up to the determination of the FCC, which is likely to be emboldened by the affirmative language of the amendment. I find it to be extremely dangerous and this, too, should be a concern of everyone.  We tried to do this on the Senate floor, I think it was 2 years ago, when there was an objection that most of the broadcast radio talk shows and television shows were biased on the conservative side. I admit they are. There is no question about that.  There was an attempt made--I think it was Senator Harkin at that time--to change the content of what our troops overseas would be listening to on the overseas radio.  Frankly, that probably would have passed. We arranged to have a survey done through the Army Times of all those overseas, and it was 97 percent wanting the market to determine--in other words, the conservative type of programming.  I hope when the Thune amendment comes up that we will support it. To do otherwise, to me, is a little bit disingenuous and would show that the 87 people who voted in favor of the DeMint amendment are not really concerned about it.  I have often been concerned. I hear all over my State of Oklahoma that it is a tough enough business to deal with, to have a station that makes money and survives. On the issue of localism, Kevin Potter told me: We pay attention to localism because we have to sell products. We interrupt these nationally syndicated programs with weather reports and with all the local things.  So localism is there, and it is there because the market demands it, not because Government says you have to do it. I just think, let's let the market take its effect. I will certainly support the Thune amendment and hope that our colleagues will do what they did with the DeMint amendment.  I yield the floor.  