President, let me do this, if it is all right with the Senator from Hawaii. There are apparently several people wanting to come down and speak on this bill, and I think Senator Durbin is going to be coming down. So while we are waiting, instead of sitting in a quorum call, let me mention that on my bill we had Senators Barrasso, Brownback, DeMint, Johanns, Roberts, Thune, Vitter, Sessions, Cornyn, Coburn, Hutchison, and Bennett, I believe, who all wanted to be or were cosponsors of my amendment.  Since this is the same amendment, they also requested that--some of them wanted to come down and speak on behalf of this amendment. So if it is acceptable, we could wait until they get down here. Until they do, I wish to perhaps elaborate a little bit more about what is existing there right now in terms of any problems.  A lot of times people are talking about maybe this is perceived by Europeans, or somebody else, to be an institution that sometimes is perhaps guilty of or accused of torturing detainees. Let me assure my colleagues that has never happened. There has never been a case of waterboarding.  Most of the people who have come back--including Eric Holder, the Attorney General--came back with a report that the conditions and the circumstances under which these detainees exist are probably better than any of our Federal courts. Right now, there is one doctor for every two detainees, and they are giving them treatments they never had before. I have been down there numerous times only to find out that their treatment--the food they are eating and all of that--is actually better than they had at any other time during their lifetimes.  So it is very difficult to look at a suggestion such as this. Seeing where this, to me, is the only place in the world where they actually are set up to handle these types of detainees, the suggestion was made that perhaps they wanted to--they were looking for 17 places in the continental United States to put these detainees. My view at that time was that we would end up having 17 targets for terrorism.  One of those places they suggested was in my State of Oklahoma at Fort Sill. So I went down to Fort Sill to look at the detainee facility there. Sergeant Major Carter, who is in charge of it, said to me: Senator, why in the world would they close down Guantanamo?  She said: I have been there on two different tours and there is no place that can handle detainees better. Besides that, there is a court system there where they can actually conduct tribunals, and there certainly is not in Fort Sill, OK.  So in support of what we are doing with this amendment, some 27 States now have expressed themselves that they don't want to have these detainees, any of them, in their States. We are talking about State legislatures. So that is over half of the State legislatures that are saying they wouldn't want to do that.  So I think if we have an asset, if we have something that is working, we are in a position to keep detainees there. Some of them have to be there for a long period of time. The only choice would be to keep them there or to try them. If you try them and there is no way of disposing of them after the trial, they would have to go back.  Right now, of the 245 detainees, there are 170 of them whose countries would not take them back. So you have to ask the question: What would we do with them?  So the bottom line is this: It is a state-of-the-art prison. People are treated right. They have proper medical care. They have better food than most of them have ever had before. Besides that, some of these are the Khalid Sheikh Mohammed-type of individuals whom we want to be sure don't get in the wrong court system where something could happen to them.  So of the 240 detainees now, 27 are members of al-Qaida's leadership cadre, 95 lower level al-Qaida operatives, 9 members of Taliban's leadership cadre, 92 foreign fighters--that is 38 percent of all of them--and 12 Taliban fighters and operatives. These people are tough guys. We are going to have to do something with them. So I do support the Inouye-Inhofe amendment.  I yield the floor.  