I declared some time ago that I would oppose the confirmation of Timothy Geithner for the position of Secretary of the Treasury.  First, I do not believe Mr. Geithner has been remotely candid about his tax issues. I think he has been less than forthcoming about all of the facts. For example, Mr. Geithner accepted compensation from his employer to offset taxes when he had never paid those taxes to begin with. And, having been informed about his oversight from the tax years 2003 and 2004, he never bothered to check for 2001 or 2002.  Now, I can tell you I am sure he did check, but he is denying he did. I can tell you for the people in Oklahoma and across the country, very much like the people in Atlanta who were referred to by the Senator from Georgia, that small businesses or an individual who made an honest mistake on their taxes have found their Government's treatment of them slightly more aggressive than they have seen in their treatment of Mr. Geithner, a man about to lead the IRS.  It is one of those things that makes people so angry about their Government. The man who wants to be in charge of the IRS messed up with his taxes and got a pass from the Senate. Now, for as much as we talk about leveling the playing field, it sure looks as if we do not walk the walk.  I was very proud of one of our Senators in the hearing; that is, John Kyl. He spent a long time--he tried; I counted about 20 different ways. He was trying to ask the same question to get an answer. He never got an answer. But he did everything he could.  I emphasize my objection to Timothy Geithner's nomination to head the Treasury Department is not just about what we have been talking about--his tax problems and the tax issues. The matter which compels my coming to the floor is far more serious in my mind.  I want Senators to realize what a vote for Mr. Geithner really is. It is ratifying aggressive Federal Government intervention in the economy. It is the flippant use of billions of U.S. taxpayer dollars to prop up favored institutions and to pick winners and losers in the marketplace.  This has created a great uncertainty in the market, which is precisely what we do not want right now. I do not criticize anyone who voted in favor of the $700 billion bailout. I looked at it. I saw we were giving the largest amount of money ever--you could use the word ``authorized''--to one person, and that person being an unelected bureaucrat. There was no oversight responsibility from the Senate.  We were all criticizing Paulson. I criticized Paulson, the Secretary of the Treasury. But Geithner was there putting this thing together at the same time. Let me say not all Federal intervention during a financial crisis is created equal. The FDIC did a good job managing the biggest bank failure in U.S. history while we in Congress were all debating TARP.  What I object to is the midnight rescue packages, the ad hoc approach. I object to the ``say one thing and do another thing'' type of programs. I object to the complete lack of any policy framework, explanation of principles or coherent approach. I object to the absolute lack of any transparency whatsoever. I object to the indifference to the taxpayers' interests. Put very simply, I object to the bailout mania we have all witnessed.  I can remember when we did this matter, the $700 billion bailout. When I was opposed to it, I made some statements. I said: We start bailing peopleout, if that is the new policy of Government, who is going to be next in line? I think the airline industry; they have problems. I mentioned even the auto industry. Of course, we saw what happened. People got all ecstatic, even those who voted for the $700 billion bailout. They were all upset about the fact that we were bailing out the auto industry.  That amounted to 2 percent of the $700 billion. People lose sight when they hear big numbers. What I do when I am explaining it, so that I understand it and my 20 kids and grandkids will understand it and the people of Oklahoma will understand it, I try to put it in some kind of perspective to see how it affects us personally.  If you take the total number of families in America who file tax returns and divide that into $700 billion, do your own math. It comes out to $5,000 a family. That is huge. We have to understand we are not talking about their money when we talk about Government bailouts, we are talking about our money; and Geithner is all a part of this.  It all started with Bear Stearns a year ago. The initiator of the Bear Stearns deal was not Secretary Paulson or Chairman Bernanke, though, of course, they signed off on it. It was Timothy Geithner.  After the deal was announced, Robert Novak reported in his column that an unnamed Federal official confided in him at the time that ``we may have crossed a line'' in bailing out Bear Stearns. Mr. Novak wrote that it was an understatement, and that we would not know the ramifications of this decision for a long time. Well, now we understand.  We are now trillions of dollars past that line, and we are beginning to comprehend the course on which that decision has set us. I personally believe we are trillions of dollars past that line, and we are not much better off. I would say enough; the Government has gone too far, and under Mr. Geithner all indications are that we are not going to slow down anytime soon.  We need a change of course, and we need to finally, trillions of dollars later, find the strength to let those who made poor decisions bear some of the consequences, instead of the taxpayers. Timothy Geithner may take the helm of the Treasury Department at a time, if he is confirmed, when the Government has entangled itself into the economy to an unprecedented extent.  Given his strong support, stronger than by many accounts Secretary Paulson himself, for ad hoc bailouts of big firms, I cannot support this nomination. I think those people, and I know the people I talked to in Oklahoma because I am back every weekend--I call this going back and talking to real people, and they all look at this and say: Only in Washington could something like this happen, could we start with the $700 billion bailout.  I would say this: Anyone who supported that at the time, if they want redemption, this is the time to get it because you can be redeemed by opposing Geithner in his confirmation. So, anyway, there are several reasons I hold for opposing his nomination, and I will act accordingly.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum  