President, this morning we had the first of 3 days of hearings we are having on the proposed Kerry-Boxer climate bill. It was one I never quite had an experience such as that before. Senator Kerry came in, was given 30 minutes to talk about the same thing Al Gore has been talking about for the last 15 years, without any chance to rebut.  What I would like to do is take a few of the statements. It is a very confusing issue we have because we do not have a lot to work with. We were given a draft of a bill with some analysis. I think it was a couple days ago--not time to get into it. But the bottom line is, it is going to be the same thing, according to the EPA, as the Waxman-Markey bill.  So what I would like to do is use them interchangeably, since that was the response we got from the EPA when we made a request that we be given time to get an analysis, an EPA analysis of the bill. I think the words were: You do not need an EPA analysis of the bill because it is the same bill, for all practical purposes, as Waxman-Markey.  So that is what we have. I would like to go over it point by point. Senator Kerry is correct that cap and trade will impose higher costs in the form of higher prices for electricity and gasoline. I think we do know these costs are there.  According to the National Black Chamber of Commerce, the bill--which I will refer to as ``the bill,'' it could be Waxman-Markey, it could be Kerry-Boxer--the bill would increase gas prices by 19 cents a gallon by 2015, 38 cents a gallon by 2030, 95 cents a gallon by 2050. Also, electricity bills would rise by about 4 to 5 percent in 2020.  I say this because the head of the National Black Chamber of Commerce was an excellent witness. He brought the point home. Not only is this bill--this cap-and-trade bill--expensive, it would be something that would be regressive because the percentage of expendable income by a poor person is far greater than a rich person on such things as home heating and driving your cars. So his whole point was it was a regressive tax.  In a recent Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing, Senator Jeff Sessions asked the government witnesses--the government witnesses were CBO, EPA, EIA, and the CRS--whether anyone disagreed with the finding that the net effect of cap and trade would be to reduce jobs. None did. Again, this morning, most of the witnesses responded in the same way.  Then Senator Kerry talked about the NASA scientists. ``The best experts we have,'' he said, ``tell us that the last 10 years have been the hottest in decades on record.''  Of course, we know that we have--in fact, just the other day, last week, BBC, which is certainly no friend of skeptics, in their lead story said: What happened to global warming? This headline came out as a bit of a surprise; so, too, might the fact that the warmest year recorded globally was not 2008 or 2007 but 1998. It went on to say that for the last 11 years, we have not observed any increase in global temperatures. In fact, we have actually had the indication we are starting another cyclical cooling spell.  Senator Kerry said: That is why countries of the world, including India, China, and the United States, have agreed to limit the global rise in temperature to just 2 degrees Celsius. In fact, this is not true. I am sure he thinks it is true or he would not have said it. But China is the world's leading emitter of CO2. India is No. 3. India has been moving up. We have a quote from the top environmental minister in India, whose name is Jairam Ramesh: ``India will not accept any emissions reduction target, period.'' He went on to say: ``This is non-negotiable.'' You cannot get any more emphatic than that.  At the same time, when you talk about China, they may give you some lip service. Let's keep in mind, though, that China is cranking out coal-fired generating plants at two a week right now. So that does not show there is much interest in China to do anything close to what has been represented. The next statement made was that the pollution reduction measures in this bill are tightly focused on maximum impact.  Only companies emitting 25,000 tons of carbon each year are covered, 98 percent of America's businesses. The bill still covers three-quarters of America's carbon pollution. So what he is saying is that three-fourths, as near as I can determine, of the carbon that is emitted comes from only 2 percent of America's businesses.  The fact is, the Kerry-Boxer bill or ``the bill,'' I will say--because it could be Markey or the same--contains no provision to stop the EPA's endangerment finding, which would trigger a flood of regulations under the Clean Air Act. As such, all the sources Senator Kerry mentions would be covered in some form of regulation under the act.  Second, Senator Kerry ignores the fact that the sources he mentioned would be severely impacted by higher energy prices, declines in productivity, fewer jobs in the sluggish economy that would arise because of Kerry-Boxer and Waxman-Markey.  I mentioned what the National Black Chamber of Commerce had said about that. I think that should stand. He stated: Third, climate change and our dependence on foreign oil are a threat to our national security. I agree with that. We are dependent upon foreign countries for our ability to run this machine called America.  Unfortunately, this is a very partisan subject because it is the Democrats who insist on having a moratorium on offshore drilling. The problems we are having right now--we have something, and this came out just last week. The new report from the Congressional Research Service reveals that America's combined recoverable natural gas, oil, and coal reserves are the largest on Earth.  We keep hearing people say: We do not have these reserves. We do. Far greater than Saudi Arabia's; they are No. 3. No. 4 is China. That is not even talking about including America's immense oil shale and methane hydrate deposits. So we have the largest reserves and the capability, I believe, and I will make this statement and, hopefully, someone will refute it because I cannot find anything to the contrary; that is, we are the only country that will not develop its own natural resources.  They say we are dependent on other countries. Well, yes, we are because politically they will not let us develop our own resources. I would say that between the oil and gas and the coal--and of course we are all concerned about nuclear, we want to do everything we can to overcome the obstacle that such a small percentage of our energy comes from nuclear. However, that is not going to be here tomorrow. We need to start working on that now.  I am talking about things where we can get energy produced right in the United States and stop--we could actually stop our dependence on foreign oil just by developing our own natural resources.  Then Senator Kerry talked about 11 former admirals and high-ranking generals who issued a seminal report warning that climate change is a threat multiplier.  They talk about famines and catastrophes. These assertions, which were first made by Al Gore back when he did his science fiction movie, have all been refuted. Consequently, when I hear 11 former admirals and generals out of 4,000, if they could only find 11, I think they have a problem.  The other thing is the fact that the bills would do virtually nothing to stop the pandemics, droughts, floods, and the like. According to an analysis by Chip Knappenberger of Master Resource:       No matter how the economic and regulatory issues shake out,      [Waxman-Markey] will have virtually no impact on the future      course of the earth's climate.  He went on:       By the year 2050, the Waxman-Markey Climate Bill would      result in a global temperature ``savings'' of about 0.05      degrees Celsius.  That reminds me, back in the 1990s we had an analysis by, at that time, one of the top scientists around. This was done by then-Vice President Al Gore. The guy's name was Tom Wigley, a top scientist. Vice President Gore gave him the chart. He said: If we were to sign on to the Kyoto Treaty, if we complied with its emissions requirements, how much would this reduce the temperature in 50 years?  The answer was 0.07 degrees Celsius. That is not even measurable. He didn't use that afterwards, but we found the report. Nonetheless it was there, and it is quite obvious.  Stop and think about the fact that we have gone through these natural cycles year after year. We have the cycles, and they show what we are going through. It reminds me--and I am old enough to remember--of the middle 1970s when the same publication, Time magazine, and the rest of them, many of the same scientists said we would have to do something about global cooling because another ice age was coming, and we have to address it.  We have to keep in mind there is a lot of money in these statements. People like to think a disaster is occurring because there is a lot of money in it.  That reminds me of something else said this morning by Senator Kerry. He talked about Duke Energy and others. There are about five major corporations in America that joined a group called CAP USA. These were corporations that came in and said: We are stewards of the environment. We want to do something. We embrace cap and trade.  Then we stopped and did an analysis of the five that appeared before the committee only to find that without exception, each one of the five, if we were to have some type of a cap and trade--and it doesn't matter whether it was the Markey bill or the current Kerry-Boxer bill--if we were to do that, we know what the results would be because we have gone through this before over and over again. The idea that we could have something like this and not have the problems come has been disproven for a long period.  Let's go back to the Kyoto Treaty. We actually have had five debates on the Senate floor. We had the Kyoto Treaty, then in 2005 the McCain-Lieberman bill, then the 2003 McCain-Lieberman bill, then the 2008 Warner-Lieberman bill. In each case we had analyses done by the Wharton School of Economics, by MIT, and other groups. They all agreed it would be an expensive proposition. They said it would cost the American public between $300 and $400 billion a year.  I know that is difficult for people to understand. How does that impact me? But we do have an analysis that breaks that down. For the average family, it would cost about $2,000 a year. In my State of Oklahoma, it would be more than that because the price would be higher in the central part of the United States than it would be on the east coast or the west coast.  The cost is going to be there, and it doesn't seem to make too much difference which of the five different approaches we soundly defeated in the past is under consideration. Senator Kerry also claims that India is working on its own domestic legislation to reduce carbon pollution. I already read what their top people have said. They have no intention of doing it. In fact, I have talked to people who are from China, people who are saying: We are sitting back and are kind of hoping maybe America will do this because, if they do, American manufacturers have to go someplace to find their energy.  Since we have rationed it in this country, if we should pass such a cap-and-trade bill, then that would send more manufacturing jobs to places where there is no rationing.  I appreciate very much Lisa Jackson, the new Director of the EPA. Several weeks ago--she was there again this morning--she was on the witness stand. I asked a question: If we were to pass one of these bills like the Waxman-Markey bill, and we were to pass it unilaterally, how much would that reduce emissions globally?  The answer was, it wouldn't. I would go one step further. It will not reduce them unless we include Third World countries, the major emitters--China, India, Mexico, and these other countries. If we don't do that, then we will chase our manufacturing bases where there are no restrictions, and that would have the effect, common sense would dictate, of increasing CO2 emissions.  We have gone through this now for 10 years. I think it is going to come to a climax in Copenhagen. Once every year the U.N. has this big party, and they have all these countries come in and say what they are going to do to try to stop emission of greenhouse gases.  I had one--I will not mention his name, but he was from the West African country of Benin--who was there the last time I attended one of these conferences. It was in Spain at that time, I believe. Milan, Italy. I went up to this individual and I said: You and I have talked about this before. You know there is no relationship between greenhouse gases and global warming.  He said: Yes, but this is the biggest party of the year. So you are going to have a lot of people to go to Copenhagen in December who really aren't strongly behind the effort of the United Nations.  One last time, it all started with the United Nations, the IPCC, the Intergovernmental Climate Change Program. It started there. They are the ones who are perpetrating this thing. As we get into the debate--and we will have more hearings tomorrow--I hope we will be in a position, before we send a bill to the floor from the Environment and Public Works Committee, to analyze it.  We have called upon the EPA to give us an analysis so that we will have something and we will know more specifically, is this just a warmed-over bill that passed the House, the Waxman-Markey effort, or is this something that is different? According to the EPA, it is about the same. I suggest it is about the same as it was back in 2005, 2003, and back during the Kyoto discussion.  We will move forward. We have seen certain incontrovertible truths that have come up. One is there is no question that if something like this is passed, something like the draft form we are discussing and having hearings on right now, if this should become a reality it would be the largest tax increase in the history of America. The last large tax increase we had was in 1993. It was called the Clinton-Gore tax increase. It increased marginal rates, inheritance taxes, gasoline taxes, capital gains taxes, all the rest. We were pretty outraged at the size of that increase. That was a $32 billion tax increase.  According to all the analyses we are looking at now, this would be 10 times the size of that tax increase.  I yield the floor.  