President, today I wish to recognize a very special person and remember his life and sacrifice as a young man. I can identify with this; I was a specialist in the U.S. Army.  Stephen Zapasnik of Broken Arrow, OK--that is right outside of Tulsa--lost his life. He was only 19 years of age. He died on December 24--that was on Christmas Eve--in Baghdad, Iraq, along with two other soldiers in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.  Stephen followed in the footsteps of his father by joining the Army andwent on to complete basic training in Fort Sill, OK. He was stationed at Fort Carson, CO, and assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 16th Field Artillery Regiment, 4th Infantry Division. He deployed to Iraq in 2008.  Stephen, or Bud, as his mom called him, or Zap, as his friends called him--he had lots of names--is survived by his parents, Gary and Chris, and his sister, Ashley, and a very close friend, also named Chris, who lived with the Zapasniks since he was 15 years old, whom Stephen considered to be his brother.  Stephen's mother described his determination to enter the Army by losing over 90 pounds to get in. He was grossly overweight, but he made that sacrifice. She said she barely recognized him after basic training because he lost even more weight at that time.  His friends and fellow soldiers affectionately nicknamed him ``Zap,'' describing him as a jokester who would happily make fun of himself if anyone needed to be cheered up. Zap would create short skits and record them on his camera in order to share them with anyone who would watch. After the accident, many of his fellow soldiers from his battalion got together and watched the movies he had made, staying up throughout the night, telling stories about him and laughing--exactly what Zap would have wanted them to do. Stephen loved video games, particularly his flight simulator game. He wanted to become a pilot someday.  His colleagues described Stephen as a fantastic shot, always a qualifying expert in every weapon. Chris Hamil said his brother volunteered to man the machine gun on top of his humvee. As we all know, and certainly the occupant of the Chair knows, that is one of the most exposed positions a person can take. He was willing to do that.  In his tribute comments, Staff Sergeant Barry summed Stephen up by saying:       Zap would give the shirt off his back or the last dollar in      his pocket to anyone that needed it.  A comment from a friend:       My family will be forever grateful for young men like      Stephen who risk themselves to provide protection and      security to this great country of ours . . .  A spouse stationed at Fort Carson wrote:       Zap was one of my husband's soldiers and friends. Zap left      an impression on our lives that we will never forget. He      would come to my house and have the best manners and be so      respectful . . . Zap always cared about others before      himself, even offering to babysit my three children so that      my husband and I could have a date right before he deployed.      He left an impression on our lives that will never be      forgotten and most of all my son loved him dearly . . . He      was a hero in so many ways and he was a respected soldier      always giving 100 percent.  His mom Chris wrote:       I am so proud of my son and what he accomplished as a      member of the military family. I would not take back the man      he had become or the hero he will always be for anything,      even if I could have him beside me again. He was an      outstanding young man and he will live forever in my heart      and soul.  Stephen was committed to what he felt he was called to do and fully understood the sacrifice he would be making by serving his country in Iraq. All those guys and gals over there know the risk they are under. They are willing to do that.  Before Stephen left for Iraq, he said:       Mom, if I ever don't come back, you know I will always be      with you, and I will be with Jesus, and I will be fine.  Stephen had a strong faith in God, a strong commitment to his family and his friends, and a calling to protect our Nation by his service in the Army.  His mom said:       I know that he is perfectly safe and spending Christmas up      there with Jesus.  Keep this in mind: This happened late on Christmas Eve.  She also expressed Stephen's pride to serve in the Army and to serve our country by fighting terrorism. She told me just a few minutes ago what a man he had become, and she thanked the U.S. Army for doing for him what was done for him.  The pride is now in Stephen, this young Oklahoman who enthusiastically joined the military at age 17 and was willing to lose 90 pounds in order to serve his country. He sacrificed his life in order to provide us with the precious freedoms we enjoy each day. His life embodies what it means to be a hero.  We remember you today, Stephen, your sense of humor, your commitment to your family and to the Lord.  Having just talked with his mother, she reaffirmed how strong Stephen was in his love for Jesus. I think we can say today--and we understand this--as fleeting as life is, this wink of time we are here--and I talked with Chris about this--that this today is not saying goodbye to Stephen, it is saying we will see you later. Thanks for your job well done.  I yield the floor.  