President, today I am reintroducing a bill I had introduced with then-Senator Hillary Clinton on two previous occasions. It is interesting, because this bill didn't have a lot of opposition in the Senate. It did, however, have some opposition from the Bush administration. What we were attempting to do was to take the Federal Emergency Management Agency out from under where it was put, in the Department of Homeland Security, by the previous administration and give it independent status. This is something that has been talked about for a long period of time.  We can draw from our experience in Oklahoma and the fact that we had a devastating tornado go through--as we did last night, although it was even worse--which killed many people. At that time, James Lee Witt was the FEMA Director. He was President Clinton's appointee. I will always remember when that happened. A matter of afew short hours after it happened, I called Mr. Witt and he met me in Oklahoma, and we got it done. At that time, FEMA was under the Environment and Public Works Committee. It was under the Stafford Act and virtually had independent status at that time.  Contrast that with only a few months ago when GEN Russel Honore, the general placed in charge of the military's relief efforts following Hurricane Katrina, said that FEMA and the Department of Homeland Security should be separate agencies. In an interview reported in Politico, General Honore said of FEMA:       I just think we've had some experience that demonstrates      that the best thing to do is separate it and make it a      separate agency.  Most importantly, President Obama said in remarks he delivered in New Orleans in February of last year:       If catastrophe comes, the American people must be able to      call on a competent government . . . the Director of FEMA      will report to me . . . and as soon as we take office, my      FEMA director will work with emergency management officials      in all 50 States to create a National Response Plan. Because      we need to know--before disaster comes--who will be in      charge; and how the Federal, State and local governments will      work together to respond.  I talked to the President a few minutes ago. He still has these same feelings. I think it is very appropriate now to bring up something we had talked about before. I know the Democratic platform, for example, has a provision which states that the FEMA Director will report directly to the President, and I couldn't agree more. I don't agree with a lot of things from the Democratic platform, but I do agree with that.  Oklahoma has had more than its share of natural disasters. Only last night, three confirmed tornadoes touched down throughout Oklahoma, impacting the communities of Oklahoma City, Edmond, Pawnee, and a small community called Lone Grove. In Lone Grove, this very tiny community, eight people were killed. 