Well, I am going to be awhile.  Anyway, what I would suggest doing is going back and looking at what has happened since the Kyoto treaty was considered. In 2005, we had the McCain-Lieberman bill. The McCain-Lieberman bill was very similar to the Kyoto treaty. It was cap and trade. It was very similar to the Warner-Lieberman bill and very similar to what we are looking at today, the cap-and-trade bill, which is the Waxman-Markey bill. They are essentially the same thing; that is, cap and trade, a very sophisticated way to try to regulate greenhouse gases or primarily CO2.  I would suggest that many of the people who were talking about doing this in the very beginning were people who were saying: Well, why don't you pass a tax on CO2? I would say: If you want to get rid of CO2 and be honest and straightforward, go ahead and pass a tax and get rid of it. As it turned out, they didn't want to do that because that way people would know how much they are being taxed. If you have a cap and trade, that is government picking winners and losers, and you might be able to make people think they are actually not getting a tax increase.  I wish to quote a few of the people who have weighed in on this issue. If you don't believe what I am saying about cap and trade, listen to some of the past quotes from members of the Obama administration and other proponents of cap and trade. They speak for themselves.  This is what President Obama said prior to the time he was President. He said:       Under my plan of a cap and trade system, electricity prices      would necessarily skyrocket . . . Because I'm capping      greenhouse gases, coal, power plants, natural gas--you name      it--whatever the plants were, whatever the industry was, they      would have to retrofit their operations. That will cost      money. They will pass that money on to consumers.  John Dingell:       Nobody in this country realizes that cap and trade is a      tax, and it's a great big one.  Charlie Rangel said this not too long ago, speaking on cap and trade:       Whether you call it a tax, everyone agrees that it's going      to increase the cost to the consumer.  Then Peter Orszag, former CBO Director and current White House OMB Director, said:       Under a cap and trade program, firms would not ultimately      bear most of the costs of the allowances, but instead would      pass     them along to their customers in the form of higher prices.  That is the appointed OMB Director, Peter Orszag, saying that.  Continuing his quote:       Such price increases stem from the restriction on emissions      and would occur regardless of whether the government sold      emission allowances or gave them away. Indeed, the price      increases would be essential to the success of a cap and      trade program, because they would be the most important      mechanism through which businesses and households would be      encouraged to make investments and behavioral changes that      reduced CO2 emissions.  He said further:       The government could either raise $100 by selling      allowances and then give that amount in cash to particular      businesses and individuals, or it could simply give $100      worth of allowances to those businesses and individuals, who      could immediately and easily transform the allowances into      cash through the secondary market.  He said further:       If you didn't auction the [CO2] permits, it      would represent the largest corporate welfare program that      has ever been enacted in the history of the United States.      All of the evidence is that what would occur is that      corporate profits would increase by approximately the value      of the permits.  Further, although the direct economic effects of a cap-and-trade program described in the previous section would fall disproportionately on some industries, on some regions of the country, and on low-income households, we had several people testify before the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee--and you saw the most notorious one speak 2 weeks ago, representing the U.S. Black Chamber of Commerce. He was testifying how regressive this cap-and-trade tax would be. If you stop and think about it, sure, it is true, if you raise necessarily, as they have to do, under the House-passed Waxman-Markey cap-and-trade bill--if you raise the cost, it is going to be the cost of energy. So you have poor families on fixed incomes who still have to heat their homes in the winter, so the percentage of their expendible income they use in heating their homes would be far greater. So it is regressive. That is why he got so emotional when he was here talking about what the cost would be to the poor people of America.  Douglas Elmendorf, Director of the CBO, said that some of the effects of a CO2 cap would be similar to those of raising such taxes. The higher prices caused by the cap would reduce real wages and real returns on capital, which would be like raising marginal tax rates on those sources of income.  All of these people are experts. They work in the government, and they work--most of them--in the Obama administration. They are saying this would be the largest tax increase in history on the American people.  I think that during the recess--if we ever get to it--which is supposed to take place a week from Friday, we will be in a position to talk about three major issues. We have already talked about efforts to pass some kind of a government-operated health system. I talked about Gitmo, the closing of that, which I think there is no justification for whatsoever. The other thing is that it is the largest tax increase in the history of this country.  In an interview with Michael Jackson, AutoNation CEO, he said:       We need more expensive gasoline to change consumer      behavior.  Otherwise, Americans will continue to favor big vehicles no matter what kinds of fuel economy standards the government imposes on automakers. He added that $4 a gallon ``is a good start.''  These are people who do want to increase the cost of fuel for an agenda, which will not help the environment.  Alan Mulally, CEO of Ford Motor Company, said:       Until the consumer is involved, we are not going to make      progress in reducing the amount of oil the United States      consumes.  On and on, we have people--I plan to spend time on the floor talking about the problems with this because I fear that if you don't do anything, we are going to end up passing the largest tax increase in the history of America.  Even the Secretary of Energy, Steven Chu, said:       Coal is my worst nightmare.  He also said:       Somehow we have to figure out how to boost the price of      gasoline to the levels in Europe.  That is the Secretary of Energy for the Obama administration who said that.  He also said:       What the American family does not want is to pay an      increasing fraction of their budget, their precious dollars,      for energy costs.  He said further:       A cap and trade bill will likely increase the costs of      electricity. . . .  This is the Secretary of Energy under President Obama. He said:       These costs will be passed on to the consumers. But the      issue is, how does it actually--how do we interact in terms      with the rest of the world? If other countries don't impose a      cost on carbon, then we would be at a disadvantage. . . .We      should look at considering duties that would offset that      cost.  Then, of course, the chairman of our committee, Senator Boxer, said:       The biggest priority is softening the blow on our trade-     sensitive industries and our consumers. I just want you to      know that that's the goal.  I am glad she is saying that is a goal.  Senator McCaskill weighed in--and I agree with her--saying:       We need to be a leader in the world, but we don't want to      be a sucker.  That is a good statement.       And if we go too far with this, all we're going to do is      chase more jobs to China and India, where they've been      putting up coal-fired plants every 10 minutes.  That was Senator McCaskill from Missouri. She is a Democrat. Yet she has very strong feelings that this would chase off our jobs to foreign countries. She mentioned China and India. They are cranking out two new coal-fired plants every week in China.  Let me do this. Three weeks ago, in our Committee on Environment and Public Works--I want to commend the Director of the Environmental Protection Agency, Lisa Jackson--I asked her this on the record, on TV: If we pass the Waxman-Markey bill as it is written right now, as it came over from the House, and it were signed into law by the President, what would be the result of that in terms of reducing the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere?  She thought for a minute, and then she said something that surprised me: It wouldn't reduce emissions at all.  In other words, even if we pass this largest tax increase in American history on the people, we are still not going to reduce the amount of CO2 that goes into the atmosphere. In fact, you could argue--and it has been argued--that it would increase it because it would chase the manufacturing jobs to other countries. They are estimating 9.5 percent of the manufacturing jobs would be sent to China and other countries, where they have no emission restrictions, and that would have a net increase of CO2.  With that, I see several colleagues coming to the floor. In deference to them, I will yield, but before I yield the floor, let me make one last request. I want to do this. I have been concerned--and I don't know that the Senator from Florida was here when we were talking about Gitmo. I was frustrated when we were unable to get my amendment on the Defense authorization bill that would have the effect of keeping Gitmo open. The only thing left for me is S. 370.  At this time, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. 370.  