What I intend to do is start from the very beginning.  While the Presiding Officer was not presiding over the Senate back during the Kyoto Treaty some 11 years ago, I was. At that time, the Republicans were the majority, and I happened to be the chairman of the committee that had jurisdiction.  I have to tell you, at that time, I was a believer that manmade gas, anthropogenic gases, CO2, methane were the cause of global warming. The reason is because everybody said that. Nobody had a dissenting view. It was not until the Wharton School came out with the Wharton Econometrics Survey and said if we were to ratify the Kyoto Treaty and live by its emissions requirements,it would cost somewhere between $300 billion and $330 billion a year that I started thinking about that. I remember a tax increase that was enacted in 1993. That was the Clinton-Gore tax increase that at that time was the largest one in a long period of time. This would have been 10 times greater than that.  So I thought: Let's be sure the science is there. That is when I discovered there were many scientists who had been intimidated through the use of manipulation in the awarding of grants from the Federal Government or from the Heinz Foundation or from many of these organizations. They had been suppressed very much like the man in the EPA was suppressed last week. In looking at that, we started examining it and finding out that many scientists around said: No, that is not the case.  I will be specific because this was back when President Clinton was in office and Al Gore was the Vice President. At that time, he wanted to determine how much we could accomplish if the developed nations ratified and lived by the Kyoto Treaty.  He went to Thomas Wigley, who was one of the top scientists at that time. He was chosen by the then-Vice President of the United States, Al Gore, who said: We want a study. Over a 50-year period, if all developed nations would ratify and live by the emissions standards of this treaty, how much would it reduce the temperature over a 50-year period?  When the results came out, it was seven one-hundredths of 1 degree Celsius; in other words, not even measurable. That is what began to catch on, and people realized it was a lot of pain, a lot of punishment, a lot of heavy taxes--like the current cap-and-trade proposal is, or like the one that passed the House--yet there is not any gain. Even if you were to believe--as I do not--that a major cause of global warming is CO2, then what good would it do for us unilaterally to do it if the developing nations are not doing it?  We discovered something yesterday in a hearing. I have a great deal of respect for Lisa Jackson, who is the new Administrator of the EPA. Her honesty was incredible yesterday. Showing her a chart, I asked her a question, stating: This is what we used during the consideration, 13 months ago, of the Warner-Lieberman bill. The chart shows the numbers as to living within or without the limits of the CO2 emissions. If we only did it in the United States, would it make any difference at all in the world amount of CO2? She said: No, it would not.  I think that is the most significant thing. Because individuals, and well-meaning individuals who believe manmade gases are causing global warming, should realize that does not do it, even if you believed it. In fact, the reverse would be true. There is no doubt--and we have all kinds of studies to show it--if we had passed any of the last three cap-and-trade bills we considered on the floor of this Senate, that would have had the effect of pushing the manufacturing jobs out of America into countries where they have no emissions requirements, such as China, and that would have caused a net increase--a net increase--of CO2.  So I think that was a major thing yesterday that took place. It is my intention next week to go back through the history of this issue, to bring us up to the present time, and then to look into the future as to what we might be doing with this legislation.  I was very happy to hear, a few minutes ago, that Chairman Barbara Boxer has decided not to come out of the committee with a bill until after the August recess. Quite frankly, I think it works in my favor. The longer we have to inform people as to some of the misinformation, the better I think it is going to be in terms of a vote that would take place. I cannot imagine that if there are only some 35, 36 votes that would have been there to pass the Warner-Lieberman bill 13 months ago, that there would be any way today to get up to 60 votes.  So, quite frankly, I do not think it is going to pass anyway. But I do think during the recess we are going to have an opportunity to talk about this issue.  Today, I visited with a national farm group, and we were talking about how it would disproportionately hurt the farmers. The fact is, 70 percent of their wheat cost is in fertilizer and energy. Fertilizer and energy are where the costs would be increased dramatically if we were to pass some kind of a cap-and-trade bill.  Then, of course, there is the regressive feature. The fact is, poor people in America have to have gasoline in their cars. They have to heat their homes. They spend a lot larger percentage of their disposable income on heating and in using energy than wealthy people do.  So I think, with all these things working right now, we are in a position to stand back and say, cap and trade is not going to work. It is going to be history. And we can start approaching this in ways, perhaps somewhat like President Bush tried to do with the Clear Skies Act, where he talked about real pollutants, such as SOX, NOX, and mercury, and have meaningful reductions in those to protect our environment.  That is what our plans are for next week, and I look forward to sharing these thoughts with anyone who is willing to listen.  Madam President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  