Sometimes we lose sight of the fact that this had to start somewhere, and this start was when Secretary Paulson--and I to have say this is a Republican administration; he was the Treasury Secretary--came out with this plan on how to save the world. He said: We have to have $700 billion. It has to be spent to buy damaged assets. And even at that time, it didn't make any sense because, if you read the document, it didn't say anything as to what was going to happen to this money. It just completely was a blank check. Never in the history of Oklahoma have we voted to give anyone, elected or, in this case, unelected bureaucrat, $700 billion to do whatever he or she wants to do with it. It is mind-boggling that that could have happened, but it did happen.  The other thing that makes history out of this is, this is the largest single vote on an authorization in the history of this country. This amount is so big, I have tried to explain to people what this really means: $700 billion, if you take all of the families in America who file tax returns and do the math, is $5,000 a family. That is what we are talking about.  I opposed it originally and said that we are going to regret that we did this unprecedented thing. I hate to say it, even though I want to encourage as many Members to vote for this resolution, it doesn't make that much difference because if it should pass both the House and the Senate--and, of course, the House will be voting on it later on--then the new President would come in and would veto it. And all he would need is 34 votes, in the case of the Senate, to sustain a veto. Obviously, the votes are there. So it is going to happen. But I think it is important that as many people get on record recognizing it is not the right thing to do for America, and to do that, this is their last chance.  In October, after this passed the House and the Senate, I introduced legislation at that time, then reintroduced it with the new Congress, putting in accountability so that they would have to come to Congress. I don't care if it is the Bush administration or the Obama administration, come to Congress, tell us what they want to spend the money on. Let's debate it, go through an appropriations process so we are in the curve. That is what the Constitution says we are supposed to be able to do. But it didn't happen.  To name it TARP, the Troubled Asset Relief Program--this is no troubled asset relief program. It was represented by Secretary Paulson to be the buying of damaged assets. I have renamed it the SOAP program, the Spend On Any Program, because that is exactly what we have done. We don't know today, and we are about to pass something or we are going to end up adopting something, and this resolution will not be able to stop it. That is going to change the behavior. It is the first time this has happened in the history of this country. We are going to be saying to somebody: You can have this big block of money. You can do anything you want with it. That has not happened before. I think the historians, 30 and 40 years from now, will look back and say that the vote that took place in October that allowed one unelected bureaucrat to have $700 billion is going to be probably the most egregious vote in the history of this institution.  I look at this, and I see that this happened. I recall in October, when the majority--75 percent of the House and the Senate--voted for this thing, I said at that time that there are going to be others lined up. As this is structured, you can't stop it. You can't blame the auto industry for coming in, wanting to have a bailout. So they got a bailout. For those of you who think that is bad, I agree. But that was only 2 percent of the total $700 billion.  So we need to put these things in perspective. This is something that should not have happened. I think it is going to go down in history as one of the dark moments of this institution.  Lastly, we have talked to a lot of people, a lot of economists, three of them from the Reagan era. They said we didn't really accomplish anything with the first $350 billion. Our western farmers in Oklahoma--I won't mention which bank it is, but it was a bank that initially got $20 billion. Now they are asking for more so that credit would be loosened up. They came to me way back in October and said they received this money, but the credit has not loosened up at all. I am inclined to think that the first $350 billion was pretty much wasted, and now we are going into another $350 billion.  I would encourage any of my colleagues who voted for the initial $700 billion bailout to go ahead and vote for this resolution to stop this second $350 billion. That would be a redeeming feature in their careers. I would encourage them to do that.  I will yield the floor.  Let me inquire of the Chair: There is no one else ready to speak right now. If I were to continue to speak, would that use up time on this side? I do not want to do that.  