This amendment, No. 2758, is a simple, one-page amendment, and I will read the amendment because there has been a lot of confusion as to what is happening down at Guantanamo Bay. Amendments have been introduced to withhold funds from construction, to withhold the opportunities for people to come to the United States, but this is a simple, one-page amendment which states the following:       None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available      by this act or any prior act may be used to construct or      modify a facility or facilities in the United States or its      territories to permanently or temporarily hold any individual      who was detained as of October 1, 2009, at Naval Station      Guantanamo Bay.  Some may ask: Why are we adding another Gitmo amendment? Hasn't everything been covered by previous amendments? The answer is clearly no. In 2007, the Senate voted 94 to 3 on a resolution declaring:       Detainees housed at Guantanamo should not be released into      American society, nor should they be transferred stateside      into facilities in American communities and neighborhoods.  Then, on May 20, 2009, the Senate passed my bipartisan amendment with Senator Inouye to the war supplemental bill prohibiting the transfer, release or incarceration of Gitmo detainees in the United States or its territories. It passed 90 to 6.  Senator Inouye stated:       We have not provided funding for the closure of Guantanamo      because the administration has yet to produce a credible      plan.  Unfortunately, the supplemental conference deleted that language, allowing detainees to be transferred or transported to the United States for trial.  Then, in October of 2009, the Senate voted 97 to 3 to pass the fiscal year 2010 Senate Defense appropriations bill that included language that prevents funding for any transfers, releases or incarcerations of Gitmo detainees to the United States through fiscal year 2010. The bill is in conference now, and we don't know what is going to be happening to it.  On October 28, 2009, the fiscal year Defense authorization and Homeland Security bills were signed into law that would allow transfer of detainees 45 days after the President provides a plan.  That is kind of where we are right now. This amendment will put the MILCON-VA bill into sync with previous authorizations and appropriations of the bill. So I will be trying to get this in and trying to get it passed. I will not go into any of the details.  I could probably talk for 3 hours on this floor, explaining why it is we should not give up this valuable asset called Gitmo. There is no place else to send these people, and I cannot imagine why there are some people, including the President, who seem to be bent on bringing those detainees into the United States. They have tried Fort Leavenworth, they have tried Fort Sill in Oklahoma, and some 31 States have now passed legislation saying they are not going to be in any of their facilities. So I don't think it is going to happen, but we need to get language in there that is consistent to make sure we keep that resource open.  By the way, this is one of the rarer resources that is very worthwhile. We have had this since 1907, and there is no place else in the world that is set up to both incarcerate and try detainees in a military court.  With that, I yield the floor.  