President, I thank the Senator from Texas. I yield myself the remainder of our time, which I understand is until 10 after the hour.  I wish to talk about taxes, which is our subject, and in a different way than others did. The stated purpose of the Democrats' health care proposal is to do two things: lower cost and increase coverage. This bill is a miserable failure on both counts. Under the plan, premiums are expected to increase, as a result of new taxes, new regulations, and restrictions. In general, you are going to pay more for your health insurance thanks to the Democrats' 2,000-page bill. This is in direct contradiction to the stated goals of the bill itself. I will be specific about that in a moment.  The second issue is coverage. Again, we find a miserable failure. The most often cited number of uninsured Americans is 47 million Americans. I saw some interesting numbers in a Washington Post opinion piece the other day which kind of ranks out the uninsured and how they are broken down. This is very significant. Of the 47 million, 39 percent reside in the five States of California, Florida, New Mexico, Arizona, and Texas. Those are our border States. Indeed, it is estimated that 9.1 million of the 47 million are illegal immigrants, people in this country illegally. Secondly, of the 47 million, 9.7 million have incomes above $75,000 and choose not to purchase health insurance. This bill would solve that issue by using the coercive power of the Federal Government to force citizens to allocate their resources in a manner thatmeets the approval of bureaucrats in Washington and of politicians. The bill makes it a crime not to have health insurance. If you don't get it, you get taxed.  Lastly, a total of 14 million of the 47 million are currently eligible for current government programs--Medicaid, Medicare, SCHIP, and so forth--and choose not to sign up. If you do the math, that reduces that 47 million down, if you take out the illegals and the others for the reasons I stated, to about 14 million. So this, by and large, is what people are talking about when they mention the 47 million uninsured Americans. These numbers shed some interesting light on the composition of the number of uninsured Americans that gets thrown around. President Obama, interestingly, uses a different number. He doesn't use 47 million. He uses 30 million. I think he wants to avoid the immigration issue, and it is probably wise of him to do so. He doesn't want to be accused of giving rich benefits to people who are here illegally. I noted, with great interest, the CBO's estimate of the number of Americans who will not have health insurance, even if this bill were to be enacted over the wishes of the majority of the American people, 24 million. This bill still leaves 24 million Americans uninsured, after spending $2.5 trillion to do just that, while at the same time making health care more expensive for the rest of us.  I hear the other side often throwing numbers around without any documentation. I use the CBO and other nonpartisan, credible sources so we can avoid doing that. President Obama wants to spend $2.5 trillion in new health care promises at a time when the country can't afford the promises we have already made, and we have a record 1-year budget deficit which, by the way, means that 47 cents out of every dollar the Federal Government spends this year is borrowed. In 10 years, 16 percent or nearly $1 out of every $5 the government spends will be spent solely on interest payments on the debt. President Obama's budget doubles the Federal debt in 5 years and triples it in 10 years. We have talked about this on the floor. I don't think there is disagreement.  On top of this, we face $67 trillion in unfunded liabilities from our current entitlements of Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. This health care plan layers yet another unaffordable entitlement on top of Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security and the other entitlements we have, all in a system that is already crumbling. It seems to me this bill is exactly what the American people do not need. That is why most Americans are reporting that this bill is something they do not want at this time or ever. I think it is common sense.  Reading through the legislation, one is struck by the myriad of ways this bill raises taxes on America's citizens--from job-creating small businesses, to middle-class families. I count about a dozen of them, adding up to about $500 billion in tax increases over the next few years--$\1/2\ trillion in new taxes. So everyone should get ready to pay a higher health care bill and a higher tax bill should this measure become law.  Some might be inclined to say: But President Obama promised he would not raise taxes. That was, indeed, a campaign promise of the current administration, that no one making under $250,000 per year would see their taxes go up.  Let me just go ahead and quote that. This is what President Obama said during the campaign:       I can make a firm pledge . . . no family making less than      $250,000 will see their taxes increase--not your income      taxes, not your payroll taxes, not your capital gains taxes,      not any of your taxes.  So we started analyzing this bill, and guess what we found out. When the bill is fully enacted, the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation--keep in mind, I am quoting sources here that are credible sources and nonpartisan sources--the Joint Committee on Taxation found that, on average, individuals making over $50,000 and families making over $75,000 would see their taxes go up. Let me repeat that. Individuals making over $50,000 and families making over $75,000 would have their taxes go up under this bill. Indeed, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation, 42 million middle-class families and individuals--those making less than $200,000, on average, will pay higher taxes in this bill. President Obama's health care reform bill currently under consideration in the Senate raises revenues to a large extent on the backs of middle-class Americans despite Candidate Obama's pledge not to do that.  So let's look at some of these instances where we get taxed. I am getting this, again, from the Joint Tax Committee and from CBO. If you have health insurance, you get taxed. According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, new excise taxes applied to health insurance providers will end up taxing the beneficiaries. This tax also has the effect of increasing premiums as well. So you are double-taxed on this deal.  Now, that is if you do have health insurance. What if you do not have health insurance? You still get taxed. Under this bill, you get taxed if you do not carry health insurance, as a penalty. Where does this burden fall? You guessed it: middle-class Americans. CBO has said that half of the Americans affected by this provision make between $22,800 and $68,000 for a family of four. That is middle-class America.  If you take prescription drugs, you get taxed. That is another area. According to the JTC and CBO, new taxes in the bill applied to the provision of prescription drugs will end up raising the cost of those drugs. So you are taxed again.  If you happen to need a medical device--this is something I am really sensitive to, and I have not heard much discussion of this issue on the floor so far. It is a difficult thing. I was talking to Senator Enzi. He said people do not really know what medical devices are. The stents--these are things that are available here in America. You cannot find them in many of the other countries. So if you need a medical device, you get taxed. If you have high out-of-pocket medical bills, you get taxed.  My son-in-law, Brad Swan, installs pacemakers and defibrillators. This morning, I was talking to him, and he told me what happened last night. He said that at 1 o'clock in the morning, they got a call to go out to the emergency room of St. Francis Hospital in my city of Tulsa, OK, and they had an 8-year-old boy who had no heartbeat. He was born with congenital heart disease. He put in a pacemaker at that time, and he was perfectly healthy in the morning. I think most doctors would agree that without it, that child would not have lived. My older sister Marilyn faced a similar situation 9 years ago. She is alive today. She is healthy today. She would not be alive today without it. That is how serious this is.  Dr. Stanley DeFehr is from Bartlesville, OK. I talked to him this morning about this, about the significance of the medical devices. I am going to quote his answer. I wrote it down. He said:       The decision of who needs a pacemaker could be complicated,      particularly the decision to put in a pacemaker on someone we      might consider quite elderly. But it's a false economy to      deny putting one in because of their risk of falling      (breaking a hip or shoulder). In the case where they fall,      the costs become quite high. The cost of a pacemaker pales in      comparison to the cost of a stroke or multiple fractures.  A pacemaker, by the way, costs about $5,000 and lasts about 10 years. That is $500 a year--not a bad deal. So I think this is a quality-of-life issue that we could lose with the Democrats' government-run health care schemes.  So those are some examples of what we can do to pay higher taxes under this bill. If you have health insurance, you pay higher taxes. If you do not have it, you pay higher taxes. If you purchase a medical device, you have higher taxes. If you pay your own medical bills out of your pocket, you have higher taxes. If you take prescription drugs, you have higher taxes. All of these activities are taxed mercilessly under this legislation.  I want to turn now to examine one tax provision in particular that I find strikingly dishonest, damaging, and expensive to the taxpayer. It is an additional Medicare payroll tax that is in this legislation, and it is a perfect example of how this bill is going to tax you. You have to go into the bill to find these things. There are clandestine taxes in the bill that will hit you when you do not expect them to.  Basically, the bill says that people making $200,000 a year are going to pay an additional payroll tax called thehospital insurance payroll tax that raises over $53 billion. Keep in mind, this is above the taxes we are already paying. They are getting these people at $200,000. You might think that is a lot of money. But there is a catch to this. They did not index it. So if you do not index the $200,000, then a period of time goes by, and it is far less than the amount it sounds like today. In fact, I would say in 10 years from now that $200,000 would pretty much fit a lot of the middle-income people in America. So there is this increase with an additional Medicare payroll tax in this bill that raises $50 billion. It is not indexed, and we know how that is going to extend to other people now.  I remember Candidate Obama making a firm pledge not to raise taxes on middle-class Americans. However, this health care reform bill before us breaks that pledge on numerous occasions. But it is not unlike the new taxes which will be imposed on other measures the Democratic Congress and President Obama would like to enact. I just mentioned the $500 billion in new taxes this health bill raises.  There is another tax in another program going on, which I have talked about on this floor many times; that is, the cap and trade. That is still on the floor. That could come up at any time. Of course, that is not something that would be $500 billion over a 10-year period; that would tax the American people in excess of $300 billion every year.  I have quoted as my sources the Wharton School of Economics, MIT, CRA, and others that have done evaluations. So it is not just this bill, even though this bill is what we are talking about today; we still have the problem of other legislation being promoted by the President and by the Democrats here.  The Obama administration's own Treasury Department estimated that cap-and-trade legislation would cost each family in America $1,761 a year. It is much more than that in heartland America. In Oklahoma, it would be closer to $3,300 a year. So we are talking about some very large tax increases.  But, again, back to the health care bill, I noted earlier that the government-run health care system, as proposed by the President and by the Democrats, is expected to cost $2.5 trillion on top of the already exploding record deficits. This bill will increase payments we make on our country's ever-exploding Federal debt. This Democratic Congress's agenda clearly includes more tax on Americans. They may be hidden, but they are there. It is disingenuous. It is costly. It is another reason this bill should not be passed by the Senate. I say ``another.'' The other and the main reason is that a government-run health system does not work.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Burris). The Senator from Montana.  