President, the answer to the question of the Senator from Mississippi is yes.  Let me make a couple comments.  The Senator from New York talked quite a bit about this stimulus bill. I contend it is not a stimulus bill, and I will touch on that point in a moment. He was talking about coming here in 1980. I remind him that there are ways you can stimulate this economy. This bill does not do it. This bill spends money, astronomical amounts of money. It is just inconceivable that we could be thinking about it. Certainly, if you wind the clock back to 1980, no one ever talked in terms of the hundreds of billions of dollars we talk about today.  I remind the Senator from New York that back in 1980, the timeframe he was talking about, we had a President who came in 1980 by the name of Ronald Reagan. He repeated something that was said by another great President, who was John Kennedy. Back during the time John Kennedy was President, they were getting involved in the New Frontier programs. They had a great need for increased revenue. This is a quote from John Kennedy. He said: We need to increase our revenue, and the best way to increase our revenue is to reduce marginal rates. And he reduced marginal rates, he reduced capital gains rates, and he reduced inheritance rates. That resulted in a massive increase in revenue.  If you take the decade that is called the Reagan decade of the eighties, look at 1980, the total amount of money that came in. Revenue generated from marginal rates was $244 billion. In 1990, it was $466 billion. The revenue that was generated almost doubled in a decade. We had the largest tax reductions, I believe, in the history of this Nation.  Now we are looking at a bill that does not have that. It has two little, small things that might stimulate the economy in terms of depreciation in small business. The total amount does not even exceed 3 percent of the bill.  The area where I felt--and I know a lot of people disagree--we could do something to provide jobs for Americans, what should have a greater part of this, is road construction and infrastructure. But that did not happen.  We are looking at something that right now has a total of $27 billion in highways, roads, and bridges. Certainly the occupant of the chair understands, having served for many years on the Environment and Public Works Committee, the great needs in this country. We have had several statements made by economists who have said that if there is a way we can provide jobs, do something that is going to have to be done for America, this is the time to do it. If you look at the total amount in this bill, out of some $900 billion, we are talking about $27 billion is all there is in that area.  I say in responding to the comments of the Senator from New York, if he is talking about 1980 and what happened after that time, it is very clear that precipitated a decade in the history of this country where we had more revenue generated as a result of taxes being reduced than any other time in the history of the country.  When we look at what is in this bill that would really stimulate, all the rest of it is spending. I am not going to start reading the list of the $650 million to have people change their TVs and all these things.  There are two areas that would stimulate. One would be in the area of hiring people--road construction, providing jobs. In my State of Oklahoma, we happen to have a highway director who I think is the best one in the Nation. His name is Gary Ridley. He has identified just in my State some $1.1 billion of shovel-ready jobs. They already have the environmental impact statements. They are projects to get people to work tomorrow. Yet we cannot do that in this bill, and that is the type of thing we should be doing.  If you add together the tax stimulus and the amount of work that is being done in terms of roadwork and providing jobs, that comes to somewhere around 7 percent of the total amount. What about the other $900 billion? I think it is absurd.  The Senator from New York was talking about how Republicans did not respond favorably to the Pelosi bill on the other side. No wonder. It is the same type of bill we are looking at here. It actually had $3 billion more for construction than this bill. I think they acted responsibly.  I wish Republicans--and I hope this will be the case--would be willing to stand up and jointly, all of us, agree that this is not going to work and that there is a choice now. We do have a substitute that Senator McCain put forth. It resolves these problems. It has items in it that will actually stimulate the economy. I am hoping we will all be able to stick together. I would be very proud if the Republicans are able to do that.  Now, that is not the reason I wanted to get the floor. I want to mention an amendment I have that has not been cleared yet. I compliment Senator Inouye. I visited with him, and even though it is something he said he wouldn't vote for, he would still not object to having it considered because he thinks it is very important. It has to do with Guantanamo Bay.  On Monday, I was at Guantanamo Bay, and that was my third trip there. The first was right after 9/11. At that time I realized the statements that were being made about the treatment of detainees were not true; that a lot of the media had misrepresented it. Nonetheless, it is something that was out there and people felt this was something bad that was taking place in GTMO--Guantanamo Bay.  I might mention that we have had that resource since 1903, and it has served us very well. Ironically, our annual lease is $4,000 a year, and we are getting all this for that amount. But I want to share with my colleagues here what we witnessed this past Monday--a few days ago.  At this time, we are down now to 245 detainees. Of the 245 detainees, there are 170 of them where their countries will not take them back. In other words, what are we going to do with these guys? And by the way, even though President Obama came out in his first or second day in office and said two things about Guantanamo Bay--No. 1, we should cease all legal proceedings down there; and No. 2, close it within 12 months--there is a very courageous judge down there who, I guess, felt the separation of powers in the Constitution meant something, so he said, no, we are not going to do this; we are going to continue with our trials for now. He is trying such people as Khalid Shaikh Mohammad, the brainpower behind 9/11, and four of his coconspirators; and Ali al-Shihri, who is the person who was involved in the USS Cole tragedy that killed many people, including 17 of our brave soldiers. These are the types of hard-core people who are being tried there. These are military tribunals, and they need to continue. That is what the judge said, and he is continuing to this day.  By the way, if we ended up starting to try those in our Federal court system, because of the rules of evidence and because of the nature of the terrorists and the testimony that would come up, they are estimating it would take about 12 months to build a courtroom--as it did down there--at a cost of about $10 million.  So my concern is this: In the event we were forced to close Guantanamo, it would not work to do it at the present time until some solution comes up as to what we are going to do with all these detainees. Some of the detainees are clean, ready to go back, and will be transferred back. But we have about 170 where there is no place for them to go, even if we tried them and turned them loose.  There has been a suggestion that if we close Guantanamo, there are some 17 military installations in the continental United States that would be able to accept some of these detainees and so that is where they would end up going. The problem with that is, I don't know of one Senator serving in herewho wishes to say it is all right to go ahead and put them in Mississippi or put them in Iowa or put them, in my case, in Oklahoma. One of the 17 installations happens to be Fort Sill, located in Oklahoma. We don't want that. You don't want them in West Virginia. So there is no reason for us unnecessarily to target ourselves in this case.  I have to also say that anyone who believes people have been abused down there, all you have to do is go down. I have done tours of prisons all over the United States, as well as military prisons elsewhere. I can say without any doubt in my mind that I have never seen a prison where people are cared for better than they are there. There is one medical practitioner for every two detainees who are down there. The medical facilities even do colonoscopies for anyone over 50, if they want them. None of these detainees would ever have treatment like that back in their country of origin. The food they are getting is better than they have ever had before. So it is not true they are being abused.  In fact, they have six camps, numbered from one to six, starting with those who have the least problems, to those who are ready to be returned someplace, and getting up to the real hard-core terrorists. Even in camp six, which is supposed to house the toughest guys, they are outside having recreation 3 hours a day. So people are not being abused there, and I think it is important that people understand that.  That is not, however, where I am coming from on this amendment. I know for a fact, if we can get this voted on, it would pass. Those individuals who believe we should close GTMO are always very careful to say we have to figure out what we are going to do with the hard-core detainees down there, because we can't turn them loose. You can't bring them back and try them in our court system because the rules of evidence in a tribunal are different. You can't read them their rights when you are apprehending them--apprehending a terrorist. It doesn't work. In a tribunal, hearsay evidence is admissible, but it is not in our court system. So that is something that wouldn't work.  So even though I think we should not close GTMO, now or ever--because I think it is a resource and an asset that we have in this country that we can use--for those individuals who feel we should at some point close it, I agree--and I can't find anyone who disagrees--that we should not close it until we determine what is going to happen to those 110 to 170 detainees where they do not have anyplace to go.  Let me explain my amendment, and it is No. 198, which I have not been able to bring up for consideration yet. It would prohibit the use of any of the funds that are in this stimulus bill--and the stimulus bill does have money that goes into modernizing and doing things for various penal institutions--toward preparing our institutions in the continental United States to accept these terrorist detainees and housing them in the continental United States instead of at GTMO.  I think if you look very carefully at how simple this legislation is, it says:       None of the funds appropriated or otherwise being made      available to any department or agencies of the United States      Government by this Act may be obligated to expend it for the      following purposes. To transfer any detainee of the United      States housed at the Naval Station Guantanamo Bay to any      facility in the United States or its territories.  Who is going to oppose that? Is there one person who would vote against that?       Or to construct, improve, modify, or otherwise enhance any      facility in the United States or its territories for the      purpose of housing any detainee described in paragraph 1.  Those are the guys who are down there--the bad guys; the terrorists. And thirdly:       To house or otherwise incarcerate any detainee described.  I know the Senator from Iowa doesn't want the detainees coming to Iowa; the Senator from West Virginia doesn't want them coming to West Virginia; I seriously question whether they want them in Ohio; and I certainly don't want them in Oklahoma. So that is all this is. It is an amendment that, should this bill pass--and of course if it goes to conference, I don't have any way of knowing what will stay in and what will come out--and I hope it does not pass when we vote on it tonight or tomorrow, or whenever that time is--but if it does pass, I want an amendment in it so that no one will try to transfer those detainees now down in Guantanamo Bay to any of the prisons in the continental United States.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  