She used the very descriptive terms of ``ram it'' and ``jam it.'' That is essentially what is happening right now. I think everyone is aware--all the media have taken pictures of the closed doors. They know that just a handful of Democrats were in there. Ironically, there are a lot of Democrats who didn't know what was going on, either. But they came out with a product. It is not a good product, and I will talk more about the product in a moment.  But I think probably more significant and more concerning to a lot of the people I talk to is the manner in which this bill is being brought to the floor. It is beyond just being deceptive that the Democratic leadership plans to vote on Saturday night at 8 o'clock to proceed to H.R. 3590, a bill that has nothing to do with health care. This bill is one that passed the House in October of this year, 416 to 0. It would pass the Senate by a unanimous vote, I am sure. The bill is an eight-page bill to ensure that our military service members are not excluded from the first-time home buyer tax credits, and no one had any quarrel with that. The House side wouldn't have any quarrel, nor would we. But we all remember and America remembers that the House passed their health care bill, H.R. 3962, on November 7, late at night, on a Saturday night, the same type of thing we are looking at here.  Let me say one thing. I was surprised to hear the unanimous consent request that was made just a few minutes ago because it was an admission--and I appreciate their honesty--that what we are going to be voting on tomorrow night has nothing to do with H.R. 3590. Yet that is what we are going to be moving to.  They stated that at 8 p.m. tomorrow night the Senate will proceed to a rollcall vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 3590, the legislative vehicle for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. My thinking was--and I still think there are a lot of Democrats who would end up voting for this tomorrow night and would send out a letter to constituents: Oh, this is a vote that is going to help our military with some of the problems they have.  This reminds me so much, the way this is taking place, of what happened in the Environment and Public Works Committee when they were trying to get through the massive cap-and-trade bill which they did and they voted it out without any Republicans there. It is on the Senate floor right now. It is not going to be brought up because it is dead on arrival. The people of America realize they don't want to have the largest tax increase in the history of America on something that would do no good.  But the point is, the deceptive method to bring up that bill is the same thing we are dealing with now. I think by virtue of the fact they rammed it and jammed it, to borrow the terms from the Senator from Maine, out of the Environment and Public Works Committee caused it to go down. I think the same thing is going to happen here.  The second thing is a motion to proceed at 8 p.m. on Saturday night. Well, Saturday night. What are people doing on Saturday night? They are not watching TV. They are not listening to the radio. They have ball games and other things the American people do in the American way of life on a Saturday night.  Do you think it is just coincidental? That is the same time of night they ended up voting on the House health care bill, on a Saturday night. Of course, it got out with barely a majority.  Now, not only is the way in which the bill is being brought up questionable, the substance of the bill is definitely questionable. It has been repeated--I am trying to make a couple of comments about this that have not really come to our attention as much as other issues, the government-run health care bill--that Republicans are working to ensure that Washington bureaucracy does not get between the patients and their doctors. That is the big issue.  Now, you are going to hear shortly from my junior Senator from Oklahoma, Mr. Coburn, who is an OB-GYN. He will talk about that.  I don't think you have to have a doctor explain to you that if you, as in my case, have a very large family, with a lot of grandkids--we don't want the government telling us what we can and cannot do. A government-run universal health care system or a socialized system is not the answer.  All you have to do is listen to some of the testimony from individuals who have come here, such as members of the Parliament in Great Britain, who came and addressed us in this building and said: We cannot believe that something that has been such a failure, that we are trying to get away from, is something you are now trying to move toward.  The other day, in the Wall Street Journal they talked about a Canadian citizen who waited in pain for more than a year to see a specialist for his arthritic hip. The specialist recommended a state-of-the-art procedure, but the government bureaucrats determined that the patient, who was only 57, was too old for that procedure. Rationing is alive and well. If you don't believe it, go up in the northern part of the United States, to the Mayo Clinic or some of those others, and you will see the large number of Canadians who come down to ``barbaric'' America, with our system, because they couldn't get the treatment they needed through rationing in Canada.  The Democrats' bill represents an unprecedented expansion of government's control over health care. Oklahoma physicians shared with me in a July 23rd letter that they are concerned a public option plan will unfairly compete with the private market and ultimately crowd it out. It is a no-brainer. You cannot compete with the Federal Government. All they have to do is change and the competition is gone.  Under this bill, the government will tell people what type of coverage they can and cannot have, mandate that every American have health care or pay a tax, mandate employers to provide a certain level of benefits or pay a fine, introduce a government-run plan designed to destroy the private market, include new policies designed to control what drugs and procedures Americans can receive, and require a historic expansion of Medicaid. According to the Oklahoma Health Care Authority, the ones who administer the Medicaid Program called Soonercare, they estimate that this type of expansion could cost Oklahoma an additional $128 million each year, resulting in harmful cost to existing State priorities. By the way, the Oklahoma Governor and the State legislature are talking about going into a special session because of the problems we have--the budget problems. Of course, we would then inherit this.  This bill violates the President's promise not to raise taxes. I think we have covered that. The fact that they have taxes such as the 40-percent excise tax on the so-called Cadillac plans--that means if you, through your own decision, decide that for your family you want to have more extensive coverage, you will get penalized. You could have a tax imposed upon you of 40 percent because you wanted to have better treatment for your family. The CBO and the Joint Committee on Taxation have testified that these taxes and fees would be almost entirely passed on to consumers. The fact is that they estimate, by 2019, 89 percent of the taxes would be paid by those making less than $200,000 a year. It reminds me of the regressive nature of the cap-and-trade tax, which would affect the poor people more than the wealthier people.  Anyway, with the penalties and everything else in there, we are going to be looking at something that the American people don't want and should not have. That doesn't mean Republicans don't want to have reforms. We need reforms. We need medical malpractice reforms. I have two friends in Tulsa, two man-and-wife teams. There is Rick and Lisa Lowry. He is a cardiologist and she is a dermatologist. They moved to Texas. They will tell you the only reason they did it is because of the tort laws in Oklahoma. Then there is Boris and his wife Kathy, another pair of doctors. Boris is an electrophysiologist, and she is a pain management doctor. They moved to Fayettville, AR. This is what is happening right now.  We know what reform is. We know that HSAs have worked, giving people choice. We want to have some reform. We should keep in mind for tomorrow that, at 8 o'clock, if just one Democrat would say, no, I don't want a government-run system--just one--they wouldn't have 60 votes. It is going to be interesting to see if there isn't one. They will never get by with saying it was just a motion to proceed to a bill having to do with housing for the military. It will not happen. People are smarter than that. I hope at least one Democrat will oppose a government-run system. We will find out tomorrow night.  With that, I yield to the Senator from Alaska, Senator Murkowski.  