Let me go over that briefly.  First of all, on the Clinton administration. Let's keep in mind that even then-Vice President Al Gore admitted they had a recession coming at that time and that reduced the amount of money that was coming in to run the government. We all know that is basic economics. We also know during the 8 Clinton years he downgraded the military by 40 percent--not 10 percent or 15 percent. I will never forget the euphoric attitude: The Cold War is over now; we don't need a defense any longer. We cut down our end strength and our modernization program and all of a sudden 9/11 came and we were in the middle of fighting a war with a military that was downgraded by the President. Obviously, it took a lot of money to bring us out.  I would say on behalf of President Bush that was a tough situation, but he grabbed hold of it. Yes, we had to spend more money at the time, but he had to rebuild what was torn down during the Clinton years.  One word about the Vitter and Ensign amendments. They are both good amendments, and all they are doing is what I thought the chairman of our committee joined me in wanting to do back when we were considering the stimulus bill, the $789 billion bill. Only 3.5 percent of that went to roads and highways and bridges. That would really have stimulated the economy. I had an amendment cosponsored by the chairman, Chairman Boxer. We were unable to get it passed. That would have turned this into a real stimulus bill. Frankly, we would not be here today if we had been successful doing that.  Look, 67 percent of that $789 billion is unobligated today. What better use could there be than using that for construction, for getting into something where we can actually stimulate the economy? This has to be done. Our roads, our highways, our bridges are in deplorable condition. Our chairman and I agree on that. We want a robust reauthorization bill. But in the meantime, to be able to take some of the money that is in the stimulus bill that doesn't stimulate anything--we are not talking about taking away from military construction. I am the second ranking member on the Armed Services Committee. I wouldn't tolerate that. That is already in there. But the unobligated funds amount to about 67 percent or about over $400 billion of the stimulus bill.  I am going to strongly support--in fact, I recommended to both Senators Vitter and Ensign--that this is a good place to find the money we have to find in order to rebuild our system.  I have to say something about the Bond amendment because I will have to leave the floor in just a minute. I am fully supportive of the amendment. The rescission is bad for every State and bad for the highway program. This amendment corrects an accounting provision in SAFETEA that removes $8.7 billion of what was supposed to be unneeded contract authority.  I think the rescission was not intended to have the real funding impacts on the States, but the provision in the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 changed how the rescission was to be implemented. Now States stand to lose about $400 million of real money.  Madam President, $40 million of that $400 million comes from Oklahoma. Right now the Oklahoma secretary of transportation, Gary Ridley--and I believe he is the best secretary of transportation anywhere in the Nation--recently told me my State will be forced to cancel $40 million in projects that were supposed to begin this year. For this reason, this amendment cannot be put off. We have to pass it now; otherwise, States will have to cut planned projects in anticipation of this rescission.  Some are arguing this amendment would somehow endanger the passage of the trust fund rescue. I flatly reject this argument. The other body is still in session. Right now they are over there, and we should not bow to its whims. This is not just a Senate problem to fix. The House has a responsibility to address it too.  As I stated earlier, the House is still in session and they can take a few extra hours before their adjourning to pass a highway fix bill with the Bond rescission language in it. It is ludicrous to talk about infrastructure spending being an ingredient in creating jobs on one hand and on the other hand allowing $8.7 billion in contract authority to disappear.  I urge my colleagues to support all three of these amendments.  I yield the floor.  