                            Cap and Trade  In the meantime, there is another subject I wish to speak about. I have been doing this now for 10 years every week.  It is safe to say that at 3:09 a.m., on June 26, most of America was asleep. While they slept, Democratic leaders in the House were creating a nightmare. In the early morning hours, Speaker Pelosi and her deputies were pushing the largest tax increase in American history.  In the dead of night, with no one watching, they engaged in full-scale arm twisting, back-room dealing, and outright pork-barreling to garner support for a massive bill few, if any, had actually read or understood. You have to keep in mind there are about 400 pages of this bill that weren't printed until 3 o'clock in the morning of the morning the bill was voted on.  When America awoke, they found Democrats talking about green jobs and the new clean green energy economy. They spoke of free markets and innovation and energy independence. All of it sounded so appealing. Yet none of it was true. That is because Waxman-Markey is full of regulations, mandates, bureaucracy, and big government programs. Waxman-Markey is, to quote John Dingell, ``a tax, and a great big one'' on small businesses, families, and consumers.  I don't blame the Democrats for selling cap and trade as something it is not. This is a political imperative for them because the American people now know what cap and trade is and they don't like it.  According to independent political analyst Charlie Cook:       Many Democrats getting back to Washington from Independence      Day recess reported getting an earful from their constituents      over the `energy tax hike' . . .  Further, Cook noted--and I am quoting Charlie Cook right now:       The perception is that this is a huge tax increase at a      time when people can ill afford one. Hence, Democrats,      whether they supported the bill or not, are getting battered,      increasing their blood pressure.  Let me say this. This is an issue we are going to be talking about. I have been on the Environment and Public Works Committee since I came to the Senate in 1994. I was the chairman of that committee back when the Kyoto treaty was considered. At that time, as everyone else, I assumed manmade gases, anthropogenic gases, CO2, methane, were causing global warming. Now people are careful to say climate change and not global warming since we are in about the ninth year of a cooling period. But at that time I assumed it was true. That is all everybody talked about. Until the Wharton School did a study and the question was posed: If the United States were to pass and ratify the Kyoto treaty and live by its emissions requirements, how much would it cost? The range was between $300 billion and $330 billion a year. It was at that point that I decided it would be a good time to look at the science behind that and see if, in fact, the science was there.  We are talking about 10 years ago. After looking at it and studying it, we found scientist after scientist who was coming out of the closet and saying this thing was started by the United Nations, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, and the reports they give are not reports from scientists; they are reports that are from policymakers. Consequently, on my Web site, the Web site inhofe.senate.gov, I have listed over 700 scientists who were on the other side of this issue and now are on the side saying: Wait a minute. This is something that is not real, and it certainly is not worth the largest tax increase in history.  I remember when Vice President Al Gore was in office, the Clinton-Gore administration, and at that time they decided they wanted to come out with a report, in order to sell the idea of ratifying the Kyoto treaty, that they would come up with a report to say how much good could be done, how much the temperature could be lowered over a 50-year period of time if all developed countries, all developed nations ratified and lived by the emissions requirements, how much would it reduce the temperature. The results--and the man's name was Tom Quigley. Tom Quigley was the foremost scientist at that time. He said it would reduce the temperature over a 50-year period by .07 of 1 degree Celsius in 50 years. That is not even measurable.  I wish to inquire if the Senator from Florida wishes to speak as in morning business or on this bill?  