ROCKEFELLER. I will not.  Mr. President, I rise today in strong support of the $87 billion in temporary, targeted Medicaid relief in this recovery bill. There is an undeniable link between health care and our economy, and that is obvious. The Federal investment of health care now a part of this economic recovery bill will go a long way to stabilize our economy. Health and economic stabilization, stimulus, or whatever you want to call it, are intertwined. Actually, leading economists have found that targeted aid of this sort--Medicaid--will generate increased economic activity of $1.36 for every dollar that is spent.  But there are a lot more important things than that. Our economy is worse than it has been certainly in my memory. The tragedies being played out in West Virginia and other parts of the country are almost beyond belief. We sit here in constant session in the Senate and keep in touch with our States. We had another huge business close in West Virginia yesterday. The tragedies pile up, one after the other. People don't know where they are going to get their next meal. The human psychology begins to work and people begin to spiral downward, just as banks spiral downward. They begin to fold in on themselves. And when they fold in on themselves, they lose their confidence and then they aren't willing to try things, accept things, to take new steps. So the Medicaid money is incredibly important.  It is getting very hard for people to put food on their table, and I think it is very easy for people to understand that Medicaid is part of the fabric of America. Hard-working families depend on Medicaid. Our families in West Virginia are hard working. Fifty percent of all the babies born in West Virginia are born under Medicaid. That is not the fault of the State of West Virginia, that is not the fault of the people of West Virginia, it is simply a reflection of the economic travails that face our State and that we have to deal with. We want to help them get back on their feet.  So we have this $87 billion--and there are going to be attempts to lessen it--in FMAP. Estimates from the Government Accountability Office say local and State governments are facing $31 billion in deficits over the course of the next 2 years. I think, personally, that is modest, it is underestimated. I was a Governor. I went through the 1982-1983 recession in West Virginia, where interest rates went up to 19 percent. It was a horrible time. We survived it. But State revenues often evaporate very rapidly during an economic downturn. One of the first things Governors sometimes do is to cut Medicaid. They sort of cut Medicaid because sometimes they think Medicaid is for people who are poorer than they are, and therefore somehow it isn't important, it is saying that some people are not as important, which is akin to saying some people are more important than others, depending on their income--which is a philosophy sometimes that divides the two sides of this body.  So I say this is important. There will be a variety of amendments brought up to cut it. They will cloak themselves in other words, which will be good, but their purpose will be to cut Medicaid, and when you are cutting Medicaid, you are cutting health insurance and all sorts of things that people need in times of tragedy. We are surely in a time of tragedy.  Having said that, I simply note to the President, with his permission, that later in the day--I do have on file at the desk two amendments, one that would jump start something which is incredibly important in this country and that is having a GPS digitalized air traffic control system. We are the only country in the modern world--in fact we are behind Mongolia in this case--that does not have a digitalized GPS system, where you can downgrade inefficiency in landings and distances of planes apart from each other because of the precision.  Our present system is an x ray, an analog. This system is an MRI. That is what we need. We don't have one. We have to start one. It is a job creator. I have discussed with my ranking member, Kay Bailey Hutchison, who has a different way of funding it, $550 million. We have to do that. We have to do that for safety in the skies. It is a job creator. We have thousands of airports in this country.  I put my colleagues on notice that I plan to go to that. Also, we have to extend the FAA itself. Its authorization is going to run out. We need to extend it for a variety of reasons. I will not go into those at the present time. But the extension of FAA reauthorization is in the interests of every Republican and every Democrat in this body. I will be making a case for that, if given the chance, later in the day.  I yield the floor.  