President, as the ranking member and previously the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I understand we are actually the committee of jurisdiction over a lot of the energy concerns we have in this country. It is a real crisis. I know there are other things happening now that people are focused on, but this is certainly something the Presiding Officer is aware of, given the committees on which he is serving. When it comes to developing a comprehensive energy policy in the United States, we are faced with a stark contrast. We can develop and produce domestic supplies of reliable and affordable energy that will help jump-start our economy, create high-paying jobs, and bring down energy costs on consumers, all while making our Nation less dependent on foreign energy supplies, or we can implement policies designed to drive up the costs of energy on American families, shift jobs overseas, and deepen this recession.  For the sake of our economy, our energy security, and environmental goals, I choose the ``all of the above'' approach.  I sit and listen to people who say we want to do something about our dependence on foreign countries for our ability to run this machine called America. At the same time, they are against coal, they are against oil, they are against gas, they are against nuclear. Those are the things that are there, the technology is there and we can use them. But they are looking somehow into the future and saying there has to be some green solution. I am the first one to say, when the technology is there, I am going to be right there with them. It is not there yet.  Over the next several weeks, I am planning to speak on the floor several times about the benefits of nuclear energy and my proposals for reinvigorating that industry. Today, I will discuss how nuclear will help put Americans back to work and move our economy forward as well as focus on the regulatory challenges facing new nuclear construction and what I plan to do to help nuclear energy play an increasing role in meeting our energy needs.  One of the problems we have had is we have had several colleagues coming down, talking about why nuclear is good and why we should do it, but they have not addressed the barriers there and the bureaucratic problems we have right now.  The need to grow our domestic energy supply is clear. The Energy Information Administration projects that our demand for electricity will increase 26 percent by the year 2030, requiring 260 gigawatts of new electricity generation. Every source will need to grow to produce more energy to meet that demand. Curtis Frasier, the executive vice president of Shell America Gas & Power, was recently quoted in Greenwire, warning that the recession could be masking a global energy shortage.  He said:       When the economy returns, we're going to be back to the      energy crisis.  He said:       Nothing has been done to solve that crisis. We've got a      huge mountain to climb.  This is a very significant chart. It shows electricity growth is linked to the American economy. Mr. Frasier voices real concern. As you can see, this graph shows the total energy and shows the GDP. The GDP is the blue line going up and the electricity use and the total energy are lines that go right along with it. In fact, when it flattens out, such as it did in 1990 for about a 3-year period, all three flattened out at the same time. The same thing is true up here when it flattened out during 2005. So we see there is that linkage there, and it is a very real one.  This is not your father's nuclear industry. Today's nuclear industry has demonstrated marked improvement in safety, reliability, and costs since the late 1980s. The industry also has proved that safety and reliable performance are closely linked.  We have a chart here, ``Improved Safety Yields Better Performance.'' If you look at the two lines, we are talking about the line that would be the capacity factor, and this line, the red line, would be significant events. Significant events are things that are problems. We all remember significant events in nuclear energy. The press always highlights these and tries to make us believe this is a dangerous form when it is, in fact, not dangerous. The significant events have been going down. It is hard to see there. It goes from 1988 all up to the present year and it goes down as the capacity factor is going up. This is an indicator of the results, that the industry has dramatically increased its capacity by 45 percent and has operated roughly 90 percent of the time in the last 5 years. This improved performance is demonstrating that nuclear is both safe and reliable. It has made nuclear energy more affordable.  We have another chart that is the ``U.S. Electricity Production Costs.'' Nuclear energy generates nearly 20 percent of the energy that powers our economy and has the lowest production cost compared to other sources. You can see by the chart, not only has nuclear energy had the lowest production costs for the last 7 years, its production cost is very stable and not vulnerable to the price fluctuations here shown by the other resources.  These lines here represent nuclear and coal. They go along pretty much the same. However, if you look at fluctuations in gas and in petroleum, you can see they are moving. This is something that is very significant.  I might mention, even though we only are using 22 percent of our energycoming from nuclear, countries such as France and other countries are doing 80 percent. That is what we are going to get to. We are going to try to do something to increase our nuclear capacity. Not only will nuclear energy give a boost to our economy by providing safe, reliable, and affordable electricity, it will also produce new jobs. Mark Ayers, the President of the AFL-CIO Building and Construction Trades Department, has described his union's relationship with the industry. He said--and this is the unions I am quoting now:       We will be there with you to help pursue the adoption of a      diverse American energy portfolio that places a high priority      on the reemergence of nuclear power.  Why is Mr. Ayers so supportive of nuclear energy? He knows the number of high-quality jobs that just one new nuclear plant would provide. It would be 1,400 to 1,800 jobs during construction for each new plant; 400 to 700 permanent jobs when the plant begins operating, with salaries 36 percent higher than the local average. It would provide 400 to 700 additional jobs providing goods and services.  It is a huge boost for the economy and for the labor unions, so we have their strong support. Clearly, increased development of nuclear energy would strongly benefit our economy by providing energy and putting Americans back to work. However, right now investors in new nuclear plants face political and regulatory risks. The capital investors still remember the cost overruns experienced during the construction of our existing fleet of plants, caused in part by a cumbersome licensing process. The licensing process has been revised but has, as yet, to be fully tested. The risk of licensing delays may be lower, but the potential consequences of regulatory delays remain significant.  This chart shows the locations of the potential new nuclear plants. On September 25 of 2007, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission filed an application to build and operate a plant near Bay City, TX. That was the first application for a new plant that the NRC has received in 34 years. Since then, 16 more applications have been filed for a total of 26 new nuclear reactors.  Let's stop and think about that. We are talking about 2007.  I ask unanimous consent I be given an additional 5 minutes of time.  