President, some things have happened recently regarding one of my favorite subjects, and that is global warming. Way back in the beginning of this issue--to give you a background, since the occupant of the chair wasn't here at that time--the Republicans were the majority, and I was chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee. We were within inches of ratifying the Kyoto Treaty.  Similar to everybody else, I assumed that manmade gases were causing global warming. Everybody said they did. The Wharton School of Economics came out with the Wharton Econometric Survey. They said it would cost--if we were to sign the Kyoto Treaty and live by the emissions requirements--between $300 billion and $330 billion a year. That was the range. That would be the result. It is something I looked at.  We started looking at the science, only to find out there is a lot of intimidation in the scientific community and most of this was originally brought by the United Nations. I have been one of the critics of the U.N. and a lot of things they do and don't do. If you will recall, when this first started, it was the U.N. IPCC, Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, that came up with the idea that manmade gases--CO2, methane--were the cause of the global warming.  Now, since that has been proven not to be true, and we are now in a cooling spell, they are trying to change the term to ``climate change.'' We are not going to let them do that. It has always been ``global warming.'' We looked at the science. We had bills coming up on the floor that would have addressed this. One was in 2005. At that time, I was kind of alone on the floor for 5 days, 10 hours a day, to try to explain why we could not impose the largest tax increase in history on the American people. So in looking at the cost of this thing, we started hearingfrom a lot of scientists who had been intimidated but were now wanting to come out of the closet and tell the truth about their real feelings.  The reason I wished to come here today is because there is a Gallup Poll that came out yesterday. I wish to share that with you and with this body. A record high of 41 percent of Americans now say global warming is exaggerated. This is the highest level of public skepticism about mainstream reporting in more than a decade, according to the March 11, 2009 Gallup Poll survey. I use that poll because Gallup and the Pew organization have never been sympathetic to my view. Yet their poll was announced.  We should never underestimate the intelligence of the American people. Sadly, that is exactly what the promoters of manmade climate fears have consistently been doing. Keep in mind, the issue we are talking about is not whether there is global warming. We went through a period of global warming that ended 7 years ago. Now we clearly are in a cooling period. Prior to that, we have had several times--people forget, God is still up there. Throughout these written histories, we have had these cycles.  The interesting thing about this poll that came out yesterday is looking at the percentage of people who worry a great deal about the environment, this is a total change from what we have seen before. It is now--what is it, No. 9? The last thing is global warming. These are environmental concerns: pollution of drinking water, water pollution, toxic contamination of soil and water, and very last is global warming. There was another poll just about a month ago by Pew Research, I believe it was, and that one shows the same thing. I say this because of some of my colleagues who think the American people are believing this stuff--manmade gases making global warming.  This is January last month, and this is by the Pew Polling Group. This isn't just environmental issues; it says, ``Name your major concern.'' No. 1, economy; No. 2, jobs. Where is global warming? No. 20, at the bottom, the very last one. That is something that has changed.  Getting back to the poll, the previous Gallup Poll released on Earth Day 2008 showed the American public's concern about manmade global warming is unchanged from 1989. This is after all the media hype, all the media talking about how bad man is.  By the way, I am going to pause here for a minute because in 2005 we debated a bill on this floor that would have--since we did not ratify the Kyoto treaty--said unilaterally what should we do in the United States because some people would like to believe this is a great problem. They said: Let's pass our own global warming bill in the United States. Think about that. If you are one who believes CO2 and anthropogenetic gases are causing global warming, if you really believe that in your heart, what good would it do to do it only in the United States? If you do that, all these jobs are going to go to countries such as China, Mexico, India--places where they don't have emission controls--and you would have a net increase in CO2 after we paid the tax and the punishment for it.  After one of the most expensive climate change fear campaigns in our Nation's history, there is no change in global warming concerns by Americans in the past two decades. This skepticism persists despite the Nobel Peace Prize jointly shared by former Vice President Al Gore and the United Nations.  By the way, I have to say I cannot think of one assertion that was made in the science fiction movie Al Gore put together that has not been refuted scientifically. I am talking about sea-level rises and all the rest of the things. Sure, it scared a lot of kids. A lot of kids had nightmares. Nobody now believes there is any science behind that particular movie.  The skepticism persists despite a $300 million campaign to spread climate fears. Skepticism persists despite a daily drumbeat of scary scenarios promoted by the United Nations and the media of what could, might, or may happen 20, 30, 50, 100 years from now. In fact, global warming skepticism appears to have grown stronger as the shrillness of the climate fear campaign intensified.  The latest Gallup Poll released on March 11 further reveals the American public has a growing skepticism. A record-high 41 percent now say it is exaggerated. This represents the highest public opinion since the whole issue began. These dramatic polling results are not unexpected as prominent scientists around the world continue to speak out publicly for the first time to dissent from the Al Gore-United Nations and media-driven manmade intimidation on climate fears.  In addition, a steady stream of peer-reviewed studies, analyses, real-world data, and developments have further refuted the claims of manmade global warming fear activists.  Americans are finally catching on in large numbers that the U.N. IPCC is a political, not a scientific, organization. Interesting that when the U.N. IPCC comes out with their periodic reports, they never talk about the scientists. It is the politicians who are making the accusations or coming to the conclusions. So they have these briefs on the political analyses of these reports.  If new peer-reviewed studies are to be believed, today's high school kids watching Gore's movie will be nearing the senior citizen group AARP's membership age by the time warming allegedly resumes in 30 years. That is interesting because now they are talking about maybe it did not happen, maybe we were not in the middle of it in the middle nineties when they tried to get us to ratify the Kyoto treaty, but it is coming, maybe 30 years from now.  Dr. John Brignell, a skeptical UK emeritus engineering professor at the University of South Hampton, wrote in 2008:       The warmers--  He calls them--     are getting more and more like those traditional predictors      of the end of the world who, when the event fails to happen      on a due date, announce an error in their calculations and      [they come up with] a new date.  That is what they are doing now.  Furthermore, I always believed the more global warming information people have, the less concerned they will become. That is obvious. That poll 5 years ago would have had this way up there somewhere around No. 3. Now it is No. 20. It just barely made the list.  Confirming this unintended consequence is a study by the scientific journal Risk Analysis released in February of 2008 which found that Gore and the media's attempts to scare the public ``ironically may be having just the opposite effect.'' The study found that the more informed respondents ``show less concern for global warming.'' The study found that ``perhaps ironically, and certainly contrary to . . . the marketing of movies like the Ice Age and An Inconvient Truth, the effects of information on both concern for global warming and responsibility for it are exactly the opposite of what were expected. Directly, the more information a person has about global warming, the less responsible he or she feels for it; and indirectly, the more information a person has about global warming, the less concerned he or she is for it.''  Again, this is not me, Jim Inhofe, U.S. Senator, talking. This is Professor John Brignell. Certainly you cannot question his credentials.  Climate realism continues to be on the march.  I now report to you on the skeptical Heartland Institute's International Conference on Climate Change in New York, which just finished 3 days ago. It is brand new. As the most outspoken critic of manmade global warming alarmism in the United States, I am pleased to see the world's largest ever gathering of global warming skeptics assembled in New York City just this week to confront the issue, ``Global warming: Was it ever really a crisis?'' That was the title of the convention. All of these scientists from all over the world were taking part in it.  A lot has changed over the last 6 years since I started speaking out against the likes of Al Gore, the United Nations, and the Hollywood elitists. Perhaps the most notable change is the number of scientists no longer willing to be silenced. How do you silence a scientist? You take away their grants, whether they be Government grants or they come from the Heinz Foundation or the Pew Foundation or others. If you don't agree with us, certainly you should be punished.  I remember not too long ago on the Weather Channel--Heidi Cullen hasthis weekly show. It is to promote the idea that man is responsible for global warming. She says: Any meteorologist who does not agree with me should be decertified. All of a sudden, everyone started yelling and screaming. The vast majority of meteorologists will agree with the comments I am making today.  Certainly since Al Gore made his movie, hundreds of scientists have come out of the woodwork to refute the claims made by the alarmists.  The gathering of roughly 800 scientists, economists, legislators, policy activists, and media representatives at the Second International Conference on Climate Change sponsored by the Heartland Institute provides clear evidence to the growing movements against alarmism--the world is coming to an end.  I am happy that important voices are being heard in New York, including Vaclav Klaus, the President of the Czech Republic. I was in the Czech Republic not too long ago. He couldn't have been nicer and more complimentary of me. He said: What they are trying to do is to punish us economically in our country and your country on science that is strictly not there.  In his remarks to the conference 3 days ago, Vaclav Klaus, President of the Czech Republic, said:       Today's debate about global warming is essentially a debate      about freedom. The environmentalists would like to mastermind      each and every possible aspect of our lives.  Climate scientist Dr. Richard Lindzen of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MIT, one of the world's leading experts in dynamic meteorology, especially planetary waves, told the gathering in New York that momentum is with the skeptics, saying:       We will win this debate, for we are right and they are      wrong.  I have a chart. This was Richard Lindzen, who is the Alfred P. Sloan professor of atmospheric science at MIT. This was an op-ed piece in the Wall Street Journal. He says:       A general characteristic of Mr. Gore's approach is to      assiduously ignore the fact that the Earth and its climate      are dynamics; they are always changing even without any      external forcing. To treat all change as something to fear is      bad enough; to do so in order to exploit that fear is much      worse.  I think he was talking about the amount of money former Vice President Al Gore made on this issue, but I am not going to get into that now.  The point is, I am talking about credentials of scientists and them coming out with statements such as these, and they were not doing this just a few years ago.  So this event that took place in New York City in the last few days is very significant. Others in attendance were William Gray, Colorado State University. He is one of the experts there who testified before the Environment and Public Works Committee one time before making this same type of statement.  Stephen McIntyre, primary author of Climate Audit, a blog devoted to the analysis and discussion of data, he is a devastating critic of the temperature record of the past 1,000 years, particularly the work of Michael Mann, the creator of the infamous ``hockey stick'' graph. That graph is thoroughly discredited. There is no scientist who will stand behind that graph. What he attempted to show after this, there was a marked increase in temperatures. That was the blade on the hockey stick. What he forgot to put down--and nobody will disagree with this fact--is that in the timeframe from about 1200 to 1400, we had what they call the medieval warm period. Then we went into the little ice age.  This medieval warm period is interesting. If anyone wants to take a trip up to Greenland and talk to them, go through their history books and look at what the prosperity was during this timeframe, that is when all the Vikings were up there. They were growing all this stuff. Then, of course, when the cycle reversed, it went into the little ice age. They all died or left. Actually, the economic activity was much better. That was also when they were growing grapes in the Scandinavian countries because it was warm enough to do that.  This chart is significant because what they have done is looked at this and said the world is coming to an end. And in a minute I am going to talk about what all the pundits were saying in the middle seventies when they said another ice age is coming. But this has been going on throughout recorded history.  Chemist Dr. Arthur Robinson, curator of a global warming petition signed by more than 32,000 American scientists, including more than 10,000 with doctorate degrees--and they all are rejecting the alarmist assertion that global warming has put the Earth in a crisis and caused primarily by mankind.  Dr. Willie Soon, Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, has also testified along the same line.  Retired award-winning atmospheric scientist Dr. Roy Spencer, now with the University of Alabama in Huntsville.  Here is a very small sampling of recent developments in the news.  The New York Times: ``Prominent geologist Dr. Don Easterbrook warns we are in `decades-long cooling spell.' '' And I think everyone would agree with that.  ``NASA warming scientist `suffering from a bad case of megalomania'--former supervisors says.'' This was only yesterday in the Business and Media Institute. This is an excerpt of the report:       John Theon, a retired senior NASA atmospheric scientist,      said . . . at The Heartland Institute's 2009--  What I have been talking about here--       . . . that the head of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space      Studies, James Hansen, should be fired. Hansen is widely      known for his outspokenness on the issue of manmade global      warming. I have publicly said I thought Jim Hansen should be      fired, ``Theon said.'' But my opinion doesn't count much,      particularly when he is empowered by people such as the      current President of the United States. I am not sure what      we can do to have him get off of the public payroll and      continue with the campaign or crusade. I think the man is      sincere, but he is suffering from a bad case of      megalomania.  Another article. ``NASA Warming Scientist Under Fire--From Former Supervisor--Jim Hansen should be fired.'' This is another one, although this time they make the observation that James Hansen, who is the most outspoken proponent that it is manmade gases, anthropogenic gases, and CO2 that is causing global warming, is the recipient of $250,000 from the Heinz Foundation. Obviously, that does have an impact on his position.  This one is: ``U.S. Government Meteorologist Claims `Gross Blatant Censorship' for Speaking Out Against Climate Alarmism.'' This was March 9, a few days ago, by Stanley Goldenberg, a meteorologist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's--that is NOAA--Atlantic Oceanographic and Meteorological Laboratory Hurricane Research Division. This is an excerpt of what this scientist said:       The debate, as you also know, is masked by media      censorship, bias and distortion. I am interviewed quite a bit      on many, many levels and thankfully most of our interviews      are benign. They're trying to get out to the public.  In his criticism, Goldenberg said:       I've seen gross, gross blatant censorship. If you're here      from the media I'd be glad to argue with you from firsthand      experience. I challenge anybody from a mainstream media      source to take or print a positive report on this conference.      They won't get it past the editor.  He is talking about, of course, the media bias, which we all know took place during this conference.  This is an excerpt from the Boston Globe's paper yesterday:       New figures being released today show the recession helped      drive down global warming emissions from the northeast power      plants last year to their lowest levels in at least 9 years.      The drop in emissions may be good for the environment, but      was not seen as reason for celebration. ``What does this say      about the state of the economy?'' said Robert Rio, senior      vice president of Associated Industries of Massachusetts. We      could get 100 percent below the cap if we shut every business      and moved them out of state.  The NASA moonwalker and geologist Harrison Schmitt said climate change alarmists intentionally mislead. This again is yesterday's Business & Media Institute quoting him:       Last month, Apollo 17 astronaut and moonwalker Harrison      Schmitt added his voice to the growing chorus of scientists      speaking out against the anthropogenic--man-made--global      warming theory. In strongly worded comments he said the      theory was a ``political tool.'' Now, in a speech at the      International Conference on Climate Change he outlined his      argument in great detail saying,     ``the science of climate change and its causes is not      settled.'' . . . Several indisputable facts appear evident in      geological and climate science that makes me a true, quote,      denier, unquote, of human caused global warming. The      conclusion seems inescapable that nature produces the primary      influences on climate.  I think this chart shows that it has been going on throughout recorded history.  Another article: ``A Freezing Legacy For Our Children.'' This one is by James Marusek, nuclear physicist and engineer retired from the U.S. Department of the Navy. He said:       There is a lot of talk these days about the legacy we will      leave our children and our grandchildren. When I stare into      the immediate future, I see a frightening legacy caked in      darkness and famine. Instead of intelligently preparing, we      find ourselves whittling away this precious time chasing      fraudulent theories. Climate change is primarily driven by      nature. It has been true in the days of my father and his      father and all those that came before us.  Again, this guy is a nuclear physicist and engineer.  This is from a new study titled ``The Evidence Is That The Ocean Is Cooling, Not Warming.'' This was 2 days ago. And it contains an excerpt titled ``Cooling of the Global Ocean Since 2003,'' by Craig Loehle, Ph.D., National Council for Air and Stream Improvement. He said:       Ocean heat content data from 2003 to 2008--4\1/2\ years--     were evaluated for trend. The result is consistent with other      data showing a lack of warming over the past few years.  I think I am making a point here that no one is going to argue, and that is that now we are in a cooling period. It drives people nuts, those who try to make people think the world is coming to an end; that it is going to get too hot, and now they realize that is not the case.  This is another statement made by another scientist, and this was 3 days ago.       Alaska River Ice now 60 percent thicker than it was 5 years      ago. Flashback: The Nenana Ice Classic is a pretty good proxy      for climate change in the 20th Century.  In other words, it is increasing, not decreasing. Here is another scientist. This was reported 4 days ago in Investors Business Daily by atmospheric physicist S. Fred Singer, Professor Emeritus of Environmental Sciences at the University of Virginia, who served as the founding director of the U.S. Weather Satellite Service.       We conclude therefore that the drive to reduce      CO2 emissions is not concern about climate.      Ultimately, ideology may be what's fueling the CO2      wars.  So it goes on and on. Here is another: ``Left-wing Columnist Alexander Cockburn A Climate Skeptic--John Fund--March 11.'' And Alexander Cockburn, by the way, is normally on the other side. Here is that quote:       My most memorable exchange was with Alexander Cockburn, the      left-wing columnist for the Los Angeles Times and the Nation      magazine. Mr. Cockburn has undergone blistering attacks since      he first dissented from the global warming ``consensus'' in      2007. ``I've felt like the object of a witch hunt,'' he says.      ``One former Sierra Club board member suggested I should be      criminally prosecuted.'' Mr. Cockburn was at the conference      collecting material for his forthcoming book ``A Short      History of Fear,'' in which he will explore the link between      fear mongering and climate catastrophe proponents. ``No one      on the left is comfortable talking about science,'' he told      me. ``They don't feel they can easily get their arms around      it, so they don't think about it much. As a result, they are      prone to any peddler of ideas that reinforce their      preexisting prejudices. One would be that there is a      population explosion that must be dealt with by slowing down      economies.'' I asked him how he felt hanging around with so      many people who have a more conservative viewpoint than he      does. ``It's been good fun and I've learned a lot,'' he told      me. ``I think what they are saying on this topic is looking      better and better.''  And here is one of the guys who was a chief proponent of the fear mongers. We have to keep in mind there is a lot of money involved in making people afraid. I am old enough to remember back in the middle 1970s, when we were going through at that time what was thought to be this devastating ice age; that we were all going to freeze to death. Here is Time magazine, and here they talk about another ice age is coming and they document their case. This is 1974, from Time magazine.  Now, let's look at Time magazine a few years later. Here is Time magazine a couple of years ago and they have totally reversed themselves. No longer is it an ice age that is coming and we are all going to die; the headline now is ``Be Worried, Be Very Worried,'' and they have this polar bear standing on the last scoop of ice in the Arctic.  By the way, there are 13 different populations of polar bears in Canada, and with the exception of the one on the western Hudson Bay area, they are all flourishing. They are doing very well. The population has quadrupled since the 1960s. So don't feel badly about the polar bear. They are doing fine.  My point here is that these publications, I can assure you--and I have not checked this out, but that last one, in 1974, from Time magazine, I am sure that sold a lot of editions because everyone wanted to read the story as to how another ice age was coming and we were all going to die. We have checked on this. This was their biggest seller in that particular year. I don't see the date, but a couple of years ago, because they capitalize on this type of disaster.  I suppose I will go ahead and conclude now. We had some new information, and apparently I didn't bring it down with me, but I would only say this. I am one of the chief critics of what has been happening economically in this country since last October. Last October, we voted on a $700 billion bailout for the banking industry. I was against that. I recognize that was both Republican and Democrat. It came out of a Republican White House and it was in concert with the Democrats. They all said: Let's scare everybody so we can have this $700 billion bailout. I voted against it, and some of my conservative friends voted for it.  This was the largest authorization of money in the history of the world, and it was all taking place at that time in October--October 10 is when we voted in the Senate, with 75 Senators voting for that. My problem with it was that it was put together by our then-Secretary of the Treasury, and we were giving him total authority over how to spend $700 billion--the largest amount of money ever talked about in one block in this country, or in the history of the world. So I opposed it.  Now we find out that as soon as he got the money, he didn't spend it. He said he was going to buy distressed assets. He didn't spend it on that. He put money into the banks, and we haven't noticed a change in the credit since then. Now, of course, we have a new President and we have the budget and the omnibus bill that was voted on a few days ago--$410 billion--and all these people are talking about earmarks and all that. But let's keep in mind that only 1 percent of that $410 billion was in anything like earmarks. I wish people were as concerned about the 99 percent as they are the 1 percent, but that is a huge amount of money.  Now we have the President, with his budget coming forward, and this is going to produce huge deficits--in the trillions--and I have been critical of those. But as bad as all of that is, and talking about the huge amounts of money, what is worse is if we should be forced or pushed by the promoters of these global warming scares into passing a tax, what they call a cap-and-trade tax. In other words, this is a tax that would tax the American people. For all practical purposes, it would be a CO2 tax. They don't call it that. They disguise it by calling it a cap and trade. But nonetheless, the analysis of that is that it would be somewhere in the neighborhood of $300 billion to $330 billion a year.  The reason I bring that up is that if we are pushed into passing some kind of a global warming or a cap-and-trade tax of $300 billion to $330 billion, they will masquerade it and act as if it isn't that much, but we know it is. We have sources--MIT and several other sources--and economic analysis that has taken place that says if that should happen, it will be something that occurs every year. At least these large amounts of money in the stimulus bills and in the bailout bills are one-shot deals, theoretically. But the other would be a tax increase on the American people.  I do have a dog in this fight. I do have a selfish concern. My wife and I have 20 kids and grandkids. My life is not going to change by anything that is passed in terms of a tax increase, but it does affect the next generations, and I think we are going to have to get to the point we are looking at not what is it today but down the road how are we going to pay for it.  To go back to the original $700 billion bailout, if you do the math, there are 140 million taxpaying families in the country. Divide that by $700 billion and that is $5,000 a family. We are talking huge amounts. And should we pass this global warming tax increase that would be comparable to over $300 billion, it would mean $3,000 a family. And that is every year.  I think we need to overcome the problem that we have in following the media off this plank and look at the science and let the science tell us what to do. If we do that, we will find with everything I have talked about over the last 35 minutes is in fact true.  Madam President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Stabenow). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  