President, I applaud the Senator from Washington in bringing this point to the attention of the American people, as I have been trying to do, that in this stimulus bill--and the same is true on the House side--there is far too little construction, far too little jobs.  I found it very difficult to believe that in the bill that came over from the other side there was only some $30 billion. I can share now, because it has been public, that 8 days ago on Monday, President Obama addressed our conference. During that conference, we talked about the stimulus bill. He was very generous with his time. In fact, he was there for an entire hour. I said: It is inconceivable to me--and here we were talking about the bill that was being considered on the other side--that with some $800 billion or $900 billion--that is without interest--it is going to be over $1 trillion when you add interest--but with those amounts, you only have $30 billion of roads and highways.  Quite frankly, President Obama was not sure my statement was accurate, and he asked Larry Summers, who was in the meeting. We were all a little bit confused about that, except I wasn't because very specifically it said $30 billion on roads and highways.  To be fair, there is another $19 billion in water projects. Infrastructure was a little higher than that. My concern is roads and highways.  The reason I am concerned is that we went through the 2005 Transportation reauthorization bill. At that time, Republicans were in the majority, so I was taking the lead on passage of that bill. I had the support of the ranking member at that time, who was Senator Boxer from California. We worked closely together on that bill. We actually were increasing all we could as time went by because the idea of funding infrastructure and funding roads and highways has a history to it.  When I was first elected, every year we had huge surpluses in the highway trust fund. That is probably the most popular tax out there. With the highway trust fund, people know or they believe that money is going to be used to increase capacity and increase the condition, the repairs, the maintenance of the transportation system we have now.  Senator Boxer and I worked together on that bill to do all we could to enhance it, to raise the amounts because even as large as that bill was, that did not even maintain what we have today.  Over the years, as people saw the surpluses in the highway trust fund, their tendency, as is always the tendency around this place, was let's grab it and put it into something else. We started having hiking trails, we started having other elements of transportation, over and above roads and highways, bridges and maintenance. Those are the things that originally the highway trust fund, way back in the early fifties, was there for. That is what was established back in the Eisenhower administration.  We have gone over the years, and this took a turnaround a few years ago with so many people loading on to the highway trust fund and less and less was used for maintenance and expansion of our highway system. We got into the position where in 1998, during the Clinton administration, he witnessed the very large surplus that was in the highway trust fund. He took it and put it into the general fund. The total amount was $9 billion. That was something to which I was very much opposed because I thought of that as a moral issue. The people of this country were led to believe that if they paid for gas at the pump, that money was going to enhance our highway system. That used to be the situation. Anyway, we were able to successfully remove that and bring that back into the highway trust fund a matter of a few weeks ago. We improved that a little bit. Still, we have a deficit that cannot do the job the American people expect.  I am considered by some of the rating organizations to be one of the mostconservative Members of the Senate. Yet I am a big spender in some areas--national defense, infrastructure. That is what we are supposed to be doing, and we have these opportunities to do it.  As I said, I applaud the Senator from Washington for recognizing the need to increase the amount of money for roads and highways.  During the reauthorization bill of 2005, we talked about what our needs were. We happen to have a guy in the State of Oklahoma, a guy named Gary Ridley, the best highway director anywhere in the United States. What he has done is put together what do we have in the State of Oklahoma that is spade-ready to employ people tomorrow if we are able to have enough money to take care of some of the things that are already authorized; we don't have to go through the environmental impact statements and other statements. This is all ready to go.  For that reason, I thought if this job stimulus bill is going to do something to stimulate the economy, it is going to have to hire people. To hire people, you are going to have to get a much larger percentage.  Getting back to 8 days ago when President Obama was before the Republicans, at that time I said: If I am right and you are wrong in terms of the fact that you only have 3.5 percent of the total amount of money that will go to roads and highways, would you be willing to raise that to some 10 percent? I am not sure the answer was very clear, but nonetheless, it is something that is very reasonable to make as a request.  I have one problem with the Murray bill. First, I agree that we need to have a larger percentage of the money going into roads and highways. But I think we also need a little bit of truth in advertising. If we are going to call this package a stimulus bill, then we need to direct the resources to the programs that have demonstrated the ability to create jobs immediately. However, merely adding the total number, as this amendment does, without giving priority to programs that are truly stimulative is perhaps not all that responsible.  In addition, the major problem I have is that the stimulus needs to be offset. You cannot tell me, if we are looking at $900 billion out there, we cannot find something to offset in order to take care of the immediate problems we have in this country in terms of our infrastructure.  I do not see the Senator from Washington on the floor now, but I would ask her--and I asked her a few minutes ago--if she was willing to offset this money. I believe her response was not at the present time. So if it changes as this develops, then perhaps I will change.  I will say this: If you are not going to be able to offset this amount, then I certainly would oppose this amendment. There will be lots of opportunities to increase the infrastructure investment over the next few days that do not add to the size of the bill. We cannot add to the size of this bill.  To me, the whole idea--well, the amount is inconceivable to most people, most thinking people, in America, and it cannot be increased.  We have numerous opportunities. We have the Boxer-Bond amendment to increase highway investment by $5.5 billion. It is fully offset. I strongly support Senator Boxer and Senator Bond in this effort. The program they eliminate is a discretionary program that would not even select projects for an entire year.  Then the program provides an additional 3 years to finish the project. That makes sense to me. My chairman, Senator Boxer, and I as the ranking member of Environment and Public Works Committee, go along with a bipartisan group of colleagues who will have a second amendment to add $50 billion to highway transit and clean drinking water. This amendment would take funds not obligated within a year up to $50 billion from programs in the stimulus that are not spending and redirect them to infrastructure projects that are ready to have a contract awarded within 120 days after receiving the funding. That is what we call a stimulus. That puts people to work in jobs. And it doesn't add to the cost of the bill.  Those are two opportunities coming up; we will have to get this done. It also moves the money from programs that are not stimulating the economy, which I think is a good idea.  I at this time urge my colleagues to oppose the Murray amendment even though I agree with what she is trying to do. I want to have this offset. We have these two opportunities that I mentioned coming up where we will have the opportunity to accomplish the same objective and have them offset.  Frankly, the amount she is talking about is not as much as I would like. I would like it to be an additional $50 billion which we will be talking about in another amendment coming up.  Since it is not going to be offset, I make a point of order against the Murray amendment's emergency spending designation under 204(a)5A of S. Con. Res. 21 of the 110th Congress.  I yield the floor.  