President, I rise today to speak on the nomination of Tom Strickland--and to raise concerns about recent actions taken by the Department of Interior relating to the Endangered Species Act.  As Assistant Secretary for Fish, Wildlife, and Parks at the Department of Interior, this position is responsible for overseeing many important programs. Most notable to me as ranking member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, are the management of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services and the implementation of the Endangered Species Act.  When Mr. Strickland came before our committee for a hearing on his nomination in March, Congress had just passed the Omnibus appropriations bill that contained a mandate to revise and reissue ESA rules concerning the listing of the polar bear and modifications to the section 7 consultation process. This action allowed the Departments of Commerce and Interior to reverse rules without the usual requirements for public input and allowances for legal objections under the Administrative Procedures Act.  Now today, as we debate the nomination of Mr. Strickland on the floor, the administration has already reversed the section 7 consultation rule in complete disregard of the APA and is poised to reverse both rules without the usual review process promised by President Obama's commitment to transparency and public process. Unfortunately, Congress and the administration's bold decision to willfully set aside rules protecting public input and transparency are in direct contrast to the majority's constant complaints to the last administration about the lack of process. Moreover, the revision of these rules was done without respect to a bipartisan letter to the Department of Commerce that I signed with Senators Murkowski, Begich, and Hutchison urging the use of an open process complying with the APA and all laws governing the withdrawal of Federal regulations.  What troubles me further is the potential use of the Endangered Species Act as a tool to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. While some environmentalists would love to see the ESA used to regulate greenhouse gases, the ESA was never intended to set a climate change policy, but rather it is a tool only to protect endangered species. However, the listing of the polar bear last year as a threatened species has opened the door to the possible use of the ESA for disastrous carbon controls. That is why in December, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service jointly adopted a final rule that revises the regulations governing the consultation obligations of federal agencies under section 7 of the ESA and regulations providing for protections against the ``take'' of the polar bear. These rules were adopted through the normal rulemaking process and took into consideration nearly 235,000 public comments.  Under the ESA, a Federal action agency is required to initiate consultation with the Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Marine Fisheries Service if it determines that the effects of its action are anticipated to result in the ``take''--including potential harm--of any listed species, or the destruction or adverse modification of designated critical habitat. This includes actions the agency takes itself, actions that are federally funded, as well as the issuance of a Federal permit or license for a private party.  A key element of the final section 7 rule is its conclusion that it ``is not an appropriate or effective mechanism to assess individual Federal actions as they relate to global issues such as global climate change and global warming.'' The final rule then exempts from consultation actions which are ``manifested through global processes and (i) cannot be reliably predicted or measured at the scale of a listed species' current range, or (ii) would result at most in an extremely small, insignificant impact on a listed species or critical habitat, or (iii) are such that the potential risk of harm to a listed species or critical habitat is remote.''  Likewise, the final 4(d) rule for the polar bear provides that certain activities do not constitute a prohibited ``take'' of the polar bear. Specifically, the final rule states that the take prohibition does not apply to any incidental taking of polar bears within the United States, except for incidental taking caused by activities within the polar bear's current range. Like the section 7 rule, the preamble to the final 4(d) rule maintains that ``[t]here is currently no way to determine how the emissions from a specific action both influence climate change and then subsequently affect listed species, including polar bears.'' Accordingly, the preamble to the final rule provides that section 7 consultation is not required solely because a Federal action's greenhouse gas emissions may contribute to global climate change.  In regards to Assistant Secretary Designate Strickland, I am happy he stated in his confirmation hearing before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee that he does not believe the ESA was intended or designed to regulate greenhouse gases or climate change. However, in his response to questions submitted by me after his confirmation hearing in the EPW Committee, I am troubled that Mr. Strickland did not fully address if he would set aside the APA or ensure an open public process in regards to revising the polar bear and consultation rules. It is my hope, that if confirmed by the Senate today, that Mr. Strickland will allow for the transparency and open public process expected of our government in reviewing the polar bear rule.  I plan on voting to confirm Mr. Strickland today to become the next Assistant Secretary at the Department of Interior. The Fish and Wildlife Service does a great deal of good, and I believe that Tom Strickland will do a good job, but I urge him to heed the call for an open and transparent governing process and to use the Endangered Species Act only for what it was created to do: to protect endangered species, not regulate greenhouse gases.  