 A key component to health care reform in our Nation is medical liability reform. However, the Democrats are not actually interested in making changes to the current system as evidenced by the inclusion in this bill of ``the sense of the Senate that health care reform presents an opportunity to address issues related to medical malpractice and medical liability insurance.'' Well that opportunity has come now, with a vote on this amendment that will limit the amount of contingency fees available to trial lawyers who bring medical liability actions.  The threat of massive lawsuits and the costs of insuring against them have driven doctors out of the practice of medicine, influenced doctors and nurses to avoid certain specialties, and in part led to the steady increase of health care premiums. With the threat of lawsuits hanging over their heads, doctors are forced to take extra precautions when diagnosing and treating patients through the ordering of additional tests and procedures. The Journal of the American Medical Association found that 93 percent of doctors admit practicing this type of self-protective medicine.  A recent study by the Pacific Research Institute estimates the cost of defensive medicine is at least $191 billion per year, while other reports put costs over $200 billion annually. According to the Congressional Budget Office, if Congress adopted only a few of the malpractice reforms we have seen various States enact, such as Texas and Alabama, the deficit would decrease by $54 billion over 10 years.  At the heart of this issue, beyond the costs and savings, is the damage the current liability system does to the relationship patients have with their doctors. When physicians are afraid they could be sued, not only do they run unnecessary tests and procedures, but the quality of care patients receive is compromised. A 2003 GAO report concluded that defensive medicine has also contributed to access issues, especially in rural areas. Physicians tend to move to States and areas with lower liability rates, and hospitals are able to expand available services.  It is estimated that attorneys' fees and administrative costs amount to 54 percent of the compensation paid to plaintiffs. Less than 15 cents of every dollar awarded actually goes towards compensation for the individual. This amendment is not about preventing compensation to injured individuals; it is about increasing access to doctors and lowering costs. In fact, this measure allows injured plaintiffs to keep more of the reward. The simple truth is that lowering the cost of doing business allows doctors to serve more people at lower costs.  On November 6, I received a letter from the Oklahoma State Medical Association, confirming that medical liability reform would reduce health care costs because the practice of defensive medicine adds billions of dollars to the yearly cost of health care. Oklahoma physicians pay anywhere from $20,000 to $90,000 a year, depending on their specialty, for malpractice insurance, and their yearly costs have risen astronomically since 1999 to the point that some specialties, like OB-GYNs, have had to change careers or move to other States where State malpractice reform is already in place. Since 1999, Oklahoma OB-GYNs have seen their yearly malpractice costs rise from $15,000 to $63,000.  Meaningful malpractice reform must be a part of any comprehensive health care reform. This is not a partisan issue. As my colleagues mentioned yesterday, this amendment was actually proposed by Senator Kennedy in 1995, with the support of many current Senators on the other side of the aisle. It will be very interesting to see just how serious the Democrats are about health care reform. The bill has a ``sense of the Senate'' recognizing medical malpractice costs are a problem. We will see if they think it is important to really do anything about it.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Brownback). The Senator from Wyoming.  