First, the highway trust fund is going to run out of money sometime in the next few weeks and will require an infusion of $5 to $7 billion to get us through the rest of fiscal year 2009. Second, SAFETEA the 2005 highway bill, is set to expire in 9 weeks. With no realistic chance of Congress passing a fully funded reauthorization before the program expires, it is essential to provide funding certainty with a longer term extension. States cannot afford to move forward with transportation development activities without confidence in long-term and consistent future Federal reimbursements.  Unfortunately, the House chose not to address both issues, but rather just provide the money necessary to ensure that the highway trust fund does not go broke over the August recess. Their decision has put the Senate in a situation of taking or leaving their bill. I do not like it and frankly think the responsible thing would have been to take up the Senate bill, which would have provided for an 18-month extension of the existing program. The House has been short sighted in forcing the Senate to only address the trust fund fix; with so many other important issues facing Congress, the Senate now must return in 30 days to do this all over again before the program expires at the end of September. I also did not like the added provisions of the loans to unemployment insurance fund or the increase in the Federal Housing Administration cap on loans they can authorize under the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Program. Finally, I thought all the amendments offered by my Republican colleagues were improvements to the bill, but unfortunately, none of them were adopted. Nonetheless, I supported final passage and most importantly voted to waive the point of order that was raised because we cannot afford to allow the highway trust fund to become insolvent. While the bill we adopted today only addresses the immediate trust fund shortfall I look forward to taking care of the extension of the program when we return in September along with the fix of the $8.7 billion rescission as proposed by Senator Bond's amendment. Given the fiscal pressures on states and the current economic downturn, I agree with the administration that this uncertainty would be devastating to States and would translate into job losses, and so we need to provide certainty until we are able to pass a comprehensive bill.  I am hopeful that as soon as we return from August recess that we will immediately consider the extension legislation introduced earlier this week by all the relevant committees.  