President, we may be quickly approaching the end of this health care debate in the Senate. It has been a partisan event. Republican amendments have consistently failed roughly along party lines. However, I don't want to overlook some of my Democratic colleagues who have voted with us on a number of the Republican offered amendments. However, I want to focus my remarks on the half a trillion dollar increase in taxes this health care bill imposes on individuals, families, and businesses. I would also like to focus my remarks on one of the 471 amendments filed to this bill highlighting the new taxes on assistive medical devices under this bill.  President Obama repeatedly promised during his campaign that no one making under $250,000 per year would see their taxes increase. However, the Democrats plan to spend $2.5 trillion in new healthcare promises at a time when the country can't afford the promises we have already made and we have a record 1-year budget deficit of $1.4 trillion. This health care reform bill, currently under consideration in the Senate, raises revenues to a large extent on the backs of middle class Americans despite Obama's pledge--his firm pledge--that this would not happen.  Reading through the legislation, I am struck by the myriad of ways this bill raises taxes on American citizens, from job-creating small businesses to middle class families. I count about a dozen of them, adding up to about $500 billion in tax increases over the next few years. Half a trillion dollars in new taxes. So everyone should get ready to pay a higher health care bill and a higher tax bill should this measure become law. I mentioned the tax increases in this legislation last week, but I believe it bears repeating and I plan to specifically point out a tax increase in this bill I find particularly objectionable.  First let me remind the Senate and the American people that when the bill is fully enacted, the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation, JCT, found that, on average, individuals making over $50,000 and families making over $75,000 would see their taxes go up in this bill. Let me repeat that: if you make over $50,000 as an individual or $75,000 as a family, your taxes are going up under this bill. Indeed, according to the JCT 42 million middle class families and individuals, those making less than $200,000, on average will pay higher taxes in this bill.  If you have health insurance, you get taxed. According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, new excise taxes applied to health insurance providers will end up taxing the beneficiaries. This tax also has the effect of increasing premiums as well. So you are double taxed on this deal. That is if you do have health insurance.  If you don't have health insurance, you get taxed. Under the bill, you get taxed if you don't carry health insurance as a penalty. Where does this burden fall? You guessed it, middle class Americans. CBO has said that half of the Americans affected by this provision make between $22,800 and $68,400--for a family of four.  If you take prescription drugs, you get taxed. According to JCT and CBO, new taxes in this bill applied to the provision of prescription drugs will end up raising the cost of those drugs. Taxed again.  So those are some examples of what you can do to pay higher taxes under this bill: have health insurance, don't have it, take prescription drugs. All of these activities are taxed mercilessly under this legislation. There is yet another tax provision that I find extremely detrimental and objectionable. If you happen to need a medical device, you get taxed. Section 9009 imposes a new $2 billion a year tax on assistive devices which includes items like pacemakers, ventilators, prosthetics, hearing aids, glucose monitors for diabetics, and incubators for premature babies. It has no regard for the age or status of the individual requiring the device. It's totally indiscriminate. I have filed an amendment that will exempt assistive devices for individuals with disabilities from this tax. It is amendment No. 3053.  Let's look at some of the individuals impacted by this $2 billion a year tax.  My son-in-law, Brad Swan, installs pacemakers and defibrillators. One morning last week, at 1 a.m., he was called to an emergency involving an 8-year-old boy with no heartbeat. He was born with congenital heart disease, had a pacemaker put in, and was healthy that morning. My older sister, Marilyn, faced a similar situation 9 years ago and is alive and healthy today. Additionally, Dr. Stanley DeFehr, a cardiologist in my hometown of Tulsa, explained to me that ``the decision of who needs a pacemaker could be complicated, particularly the decisions to put in a pacemaker on someone we might consider quite elderly. But it's a false economy to deny putting one in because of their risk of falling and breaking a hip or shoulder. In the case where they fall, the costs become quite high. The cost of a pacemaker ($5,000, lasting 10 years) pales in comparison to the cost of a stroke or multiple fractures.''  Let's look at the impact this tax will have on our servicemen and women.  We all remember when Congress passed the Wounded Warriors Act as part of the Fiscal Year 2008 National Defense Reauthorization Act, which required the Department of Defense and Veterans Administration to jointly develop a comprehensive policy on improvements to care for our servicemembers. The bill created three Centers of Excellence in the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilitation of traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress disorder, PTSD, and eye injuries.  The very next year, I successfully amended the Wounded Warriors Act in the Fiscal Year 2009 National Defense Reauthorization Act to expand the Center of Excellence care network in the Wounded Warriors Act to include amputations and traumatic extremity injuries. Eighty-two percent of injuries from the global war on terror involve the extremities, and are often severe, including multiple injuries to the arms, legs, head and neck.  In fact, Congress has found, ``Extremity injuries are the number one battlefield injury. Dynamic research and treatment is necessary to provide servicemembers the greatest ability to recover from injuries sustained on the battlefield.'' When limbs cannot be saved, often these injuries are treated with the use of state of the art prosthetic devices enabling our service men and women in some part to regain the use of arms or legs lost from combat injuries.  I have long supported the innovations in prosthetics and assistive devices for our Nation's service men and women. Today, there are nearly 2 million Americans with limb loss. Prosthetic technologies developed for military medicine are almost universally dual-use, meaning the technology can be applied for civilian use as well. Much of this research is being done at the University of Oklahoma and by Oklahoma companies such as Hanger Prosthetics, Martin Bionics, and Sabolich Prosthetics. Oklahoma has a long, proud history of excellence in prosthetic care. For the past twenty-five years, persons who have lost limbs have traveled to Oklahoma from around the world to receive the finest in prosthetic care. Only this past October, I visited the Oklahoma City-based company, OrthoCare Innovations, which is developing a robotic prosthetic alignment system which builds on its prosthetic innovations.  The Democrat health bill includes a tax on all assistive devices. In fact, to add insult to injury, the Democrat health bill contemplates the detrimental effect the bill may have on our veterans. Section 9011 calls for a study on the impact of this tax on our veterans after the fact. However, a study after the damage is done is too little,too late. This is simply irresponsible and damaging for those veterans who need these devices.  The Democrat agenda and this bill clearly include more taxes on Americans. The new taxes may be hidden but they are there. It is disingenuous. It is costly. This bill is expected to cost $2.5 trillion on top of our already exploding debt. This bill is exactly what America does not need, and that is why Americans oppose it. It is common sense.  