One of the issues is one I feel very strongly about; that is, what is happening right now at Guantanamo Bay. Some refer to it as Gitmo. I have some very strong feelings about that.  I do not know why our President has this obsession that he is going to turn loose or bring these detainees, these terrorist detainees, back to the United States. If you do that, either to try them or to bring them back here, they become magnets for terrorist activity.  We have detained about 800 al-Qaida and Taliban combatants at Gitmo. We have to understand that a terrorist combatant is someone different than you would normally--we are not talking about criminals here. We are not talking about even people who represent countries. We are talking about terrorist combatants. To date, over 540 have been transferred or released, leaving approximately 230 at Gitmo.  Here is the problem we have. If I were making this talk, as I was, about a month ago, I would say we had about 280 detainees at Gitmo. The problem is, you cannot get rid of them by asking some country to take them because the countries will not do it. You do not want to bring them back to the United States because, as I said, that becomes a magnet.  So our President has been, one by one, trying to bring these back, putting them in our system for trial here in the United States. It is important to understand the rules of evidence are different. If you are in a military tribunal, you can dispose of these people. But you cannot do it--for example, hearsay evidence is not admissible in the courts in the United States. So it would not fit in our Federal system.  President Obama has ordered the Guantanamo facility be closed. He has recently given an extension to that.  In 2007, the Senate voted 94 to 3 on a nonbinding resolution to block detainees from being transferred to the United States. It said: Detainees housed at Guantanamo Bay should not be released into the American society nor should they be transferred stateside into facilities in American communities and neighborhoods.  Well, that is very specific. In fact, I had the amendment to do that on the Defense authorization bill only last week. Quite frankly, it was blocked by the Democratic majority.  On May 20, 2009, the Senate voted 90 to 6--that was my and Senator Inouye's language; it was a bipartisan amendment--to prohibit funding for the transfer of Gitmo detainees to the United States. We are hitting them two different ways. One is, we are saying you cannot bring them over here. Second, you cannot try them over here. And now, thirdly, we are not going to pay for any relocation of these people.  Unfortunately, the supplemental appropriations conference deleted that provision. That was a provision that passed 90 to 6, authored by me, Inhofe, and Senator Inouye, the senior Senator from Hawaii. But they took it out. So that means it is not there right now for trials. But the law does block funding for permanently transferred detainees from Gitmo to the United States for the 2009 budget year, which ends on September 30.  The House Appropriations Committee will vote this week on language contained in a manager's amendment proposed by Representative Jerry Lewis of California prohibiting the administration from spending any money to move prisoners to U.S. soil. Last Thursday, the Senate Democrats again blocked an attempt to consider an amendment that would have permanently prevented the detainees from being transferred from Gitmo. That was my amendment. It was part of the Defense authorization bill. When President Barack Obama took office, there was one free bed at the supermax prison in Colorado, with a typically long waiting list to move high-security prisoners into supermax.  To understand what this is, the supermax prison is one with the very highest level of security, a place where they might argue that you could put a terrorist there and that terrorist, regardless of how serious he was, is one who would be secure. The problem they are overlooking is, if they are located in the United States, they become a magnet for terrorism.  I know President Obama, at one time, was proposing some 17 sites in America where we could put these Gitmo detainees. One of those happened to be in Fort Sill, in my State of Oklahoma. I went down to Fort Sill to look at our prison facility down there. There is a master sergeant--no, I am sorry, Sergeant Major Carter was her name. She was in charge of the prison. That prison was set up as a normal military prison but certainly not suitable for detainees, not suitable for terrorists. It happens that Sergeant Major Carter--you can call her and ask her about this. She had two tours at Gitmo, and she said: Why in the world are you guys in Washington and this President trying to close Gitmo? It is an asset we need. It is a place where they can be secure. It is a place where they have treated them humanely over the years. Well, anyway, so when you look at what we have here, there are no places that are appropriate.  Assistant Attorney General David Kris testified at the same hearing of the House Armed Services Committee that both civilian and federal jails and military prisons are being considered for potential future incarceration for prisoners facing criminal prosecution, military tribunals or long-term detention without trial, more than 50 have been cleared for release, and an administration task force is sorting through the remaining 229 prisoners to determine their fate. What we are saying is we have already picked the low-hanging fruit. We have already taken care of the problem of those individuals who either a country won't take back or you can find someplace to put them. But the remainder are the real tough guys, the bad guys whom we don't want in our society. Government lawyers in both the Obama and the Bush administrations have said that an unspecified number of detainees should continue to be held without trial, stating that some of the evidence against them will be classified or thin, and the government fears these most dangerous detainees could be released should they be given their day in court; that is, their day in court in the United States.  If you look at the facility they have down there, it is made for this type of detainee. It is one that will allow the security of evidence so it doesn't threaten other people, and it is something that cannot take place in this country.  Johnson also said the Obama administration has not yet determined where it will hold newly captured al-Qaida and Taliban prisoners for extended detention after the Guantanamo Bay prison closes, if it should close. Of course, my effort is to keep it open. So far the only Guantanamo Bay detainee brought to face trial in a U.S. criminal court is Ahmed Ghailani. He is the Tanzanian whom we sent to New York and faces charges in conjunction with the two bombings. We remember the two bombings in Tanzania and Kenya. Federal prosecutors said last Friday they no longer plan to hold Mohammed Jawad, who threw a grenade at a U.S. convoy in 2002, as a wartime prisoner, a signal that the Obama administration intends to bring him to the United States before a criminal court.  Last week, Democratic Members in the House and the Senate said Michigan prisons set to close because of the State budget crunch could take the high-profile prisoners from Gitmo, creating jobs lost in the auto industry.  Let's stop and think that one through. These are elected representatives from the State of Michigan, the two Senators and Representative Stupak, who are suggesting that we could put those prisoners, these high-level, high-security terrorist detainees in prisons in Michigan and that would cause them to have to go through there and provide jobs to update the prisons. Let's stop and think that one through. Why not just go ahead and do something with the individuals who are there, leaving them where they are right now, and get into a public works program where at least they could be spending that money on roads and highways.  Let me do this. I have almost given up--in fact, I did give up--trying to put the language in the Senate Armed Services Committee's Defense authorization bill to preclude the President from putting these individuals into the United States. There is only one vehicle left. That is my Senate bill 370, S. 370. It is a one-page bill. I have 22 cosponsors. It merely says we cannot pay to transfer any of these detainees to the United States, and we are not going to be able to try them here. So it is the final answer to this matter.  Madam President, at this time, I ask unanimous consent that S. 370 be brought up for immediate consideration.  