 The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Insert at the end of the bill (before the short title) the      following:       Sec. 420.  None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made      available under this Act may be used to implement section 124      except as authorized by law after the date of enactment of      this Act.  The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1569, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon.  Mr. DeFAZIO. I yield myself such time as I may consume.  We need a 21st century transportation policy for America. We need to move beyond the constipated transportation policies of the Bush era that are allowed and have allowed our system to deteriorate: 150,000 bridges on the Federal system in need of substantial replacement or repair; transit systems with an $80 billion backlog for equipment. They're running obsolete railcars right here in the Nation's Capital that are killing people. They should have been retired years ago. They need to be replaced. We have frustrated commuters wasting hundreds of thousands of hours and billions of gallons of fuel caught in congestion; businesses and industries crying out they need help for just-in-time delivery and their trucks are delayed and detoured.  On October 1, we were supposed to do a 6-year bill to direct the investment in the system and enhance the investment. And that bill would have included a major new program for metropolitan mobility and access and had an office of livability. But the Obama administration stopped the bill, and they've refused to come to the table and discuss how we can move forward and make these needed investments.  But now the Secretary would like a little cherry, which would be like an office of livability, not defined, and he'd like $200 million, at his discretion, whatever he defines livability as, to give grants to whomever he wishes under whatever criteria he might, in the future, propose.  Now, this would be, given the state of disrepair of our system and the deterioration of our system, a lot like buying a brand new tire and rim to put on a junk car that's up on blocks. It's not going to get anybody anywhere. It's not going to meaningfully address the problems of the system. We need a comprehensive approach.  I reserve the balance of my time.  