 I want to thank the Rules Committee and Chairwoman Slaughter for making my amendment in order, which was referenced by my good friend and colleague from Oregon (Mr. Blumenauer) earlier.  We need a new transportation policy for this country. We need a 21st century transportation policy. We're living under the Bush-era priorities and policies and inadequate funding. We have a system with 150,000 bridges that are weight-limited or functionally obsolete. We have transit systems across the country that have an $80 billion backlog just to be in a state of good repair, let alone building out new transit options for Americans. People are dying because of that capital backlog. They're dying right here in the Nation's capital where they're running obsolete, crummy, old rail cars that aren't safe.  We have a transportation crisis, and I've written a bill, along with Chairman Oberstar, that will address more robustly than a provision stuck in here by the Appropriations Committee the issues of livability and planning in a coordinated way for a better transportation future, more options for people who live in congested metropolitan areas. But tell you what, if you take and create that with, say, $200 million--and my colleague was wrong; it is $200 million that comes out of the trust fund. That means it's $200 million that we don't have to help deal with those 150,000 bridges that need to be repaired or replaced. That's a lot of money, and it would be kind of like putting a great, new, shiny coat of paint on an old jalopy that's riddled with rust and burning oil by the quart every time you drive it. That's what will happen if you create this office of livability.  This administration, who has not seen fit to even send down one iota of policy for a transportation bill that was due last October--and they keep saying, oh, we're getting to it, we'll get you some ideas soon, we're working on it, it's a very high priority, the President is a really big infrastructure guy: well, where's the dough? Where's the policy? Nothing.  Now, they do want to cherry-pick. They want this office of livability and then they can tout that through the next election and we'll never get a transportation bill. We can't let them cherry-pick. If they want to come down and talk about the comprehensive approach I've taken in my bill for livability, congestion management, new transit options, 21st century policy of transportation that takes into account livability, quality of life, economic development, congestion, reducing fuels, waste and all those things, let's have that conversation. But guess what, we're going to have to invest a little bit more money to do it.  This administration is petrified. It's like all the options I've sent them, tax the oil industry, tax oil speculators, a whole bunch of things, they won't even begin the discussion, and if my colleague leads a successful fight against this amendment today, we will never have that discussion during the term of this President, never.  So I've got to urge in the strongest words possible to my colleagues.  