 It's interesting to hear some Republicans on the other side of the aisle say this commission isn't necessary. We are going to run a $700 billion trade deficit this year. That means we will borrow, predominantly from China, Japan, and a few other countries, $700 billion to buy things that we used to make in America. And it's not a level playing field. We get played for a sucker in these trade deals.  We need a new, strong trade policy. Yes, American workers can compete, but not on an unfair, tilted playing field, which is what they're being asked to do today. I will give a couple of examples. When we were doing MFN permanently for China, which I voted against because we lost that annual leverage with them, wheat guys from Oregon came in, and they said, Congressman, right now a ship is going into China. Imagine what it's going to mean for our markets. They're finally accepting our wheat. This new trade deal's going to be great.  I said, Well, actually, I have got translated broadcasts of their agriculture minister that say that they're not going to allow that, and they're not going to become dependent upon imported food. They said, Oh, no, you are wrong. So, yeah, that one ship got in.  Congress voted the deal, China was permanently off the hook to be reviewed for unfair trade practices by the Congress, and, guess what, that was the last ship. They came in the next year kind of hanging their heads and said, You were right. Are you going to say it? I said, No. I am going to say, what are we going to do now? And talked about fighting back against these unfair trade practices.  We can look at just after the first President Bush signed the deal with Canada that was supposed to deal with their unfair subsidies and dumping of cheap lumber into the U.S. But before the ink was even dry on the deal, Canada reclassified much of their lumber to salvage. They basically started giving away their trees on the stump instead of making companies buy them and provided subsidized transportation and other things and again flooded the U.S. market. We're still fighting with the Canadians 17 years later over their subsidized lumber, and we've still lost thousands of jobs.  Yeah, there was a little bit of cheaper lumber available here; but when you lose the jobs for working-class Americans, middle class American families, our consumers, when they lose their jobs, it doesn't matter if a house is maybe $300 or $400 cheaper. They can't afford the house. So we need a level playing field.  We need to identify these barriers that are being put up by the Chinese and others. The Chinese are going to run more than a quarter of a trillion dollar trade surplus with the U.S. this year. They recently passed a law saying they're going to have a huge renewable program in China. And the law says that nobody can buy a renewable windmill or photovoltaic or anything else if it wasn't manufactured in China by a Chinese company.  