That is $430 billion borrowed, probably from China, added to the deficit. A record $1.75 trillion.  Now, we have been told this is the only deal, the best deal. No, we have offered an alternative. And earlier today, I thought we had some prospect of actually voting on it, one that's much less expensive, more targeted to working families, average Americans, and those who are unemployed would have created real jobs with substantial investment in infrastructure projects, not the jobs you are going to get by giving people small tax breaks and saying, Here is some borrowed money from China; go out and buy some goods from China. That will put America on the path to recovery.  Every other industrial nation on Earth is talking about buckling down a little bit and austerity measures and having a sustained recovery. No, not here. We got out the credit card. A trillion dollars--well, no. It's only $858 billion. And guess what, our kids and grandkids are going to be paying that bill for 30 years. And the most insidious part is that $111 billion of that will come from the Social Security trust fund.  But don't worry, after we take the money from the Social Security trust fund and ask people to consume with it, present day consumption, in order to take care of Social Security in the long term, we will go out and borrow $111 billion from China and reinject it into the trust fund. And then a year from today, the Republicans will say to President Obama, You can't raise taxes on every working American. You can't restore the Social Security tax. And, oh, by the way, we just can't afford to subsidize that program anymore. We are just going to have to cut it.  This is a bad deal. It isn't going to create the jobs we could create for a smaller price tag. It's not going to give the relief we, as Democrats, want to give the working families and unemployed Americans and put this country on a path to recovery.  I would urge my colleagues to vote against the rule and get made in order an amendment that would make major structural changes to this deal. It should not be a take-it-or-leave-it deal dictated by the Republican minority leader.  