 It is fairly extraordinary to listen to the debate coming from the Republican side of the aisle. We are headed toward--before this vote--a $1.3 trillion deficit next year. With this single vote, we will increase the deficit, the debt of the United States, by $430 billion this year and $430 billion next year.  Republicans want to pretend that somehow if you cut your income, you can still balance your budget. That would surprise most Americans. Most Americans don't cut back hours at work when they can't make ends meet at home unless they are forced to by their employer.  These tax cuts, the Bush tax cuts, were put into effect at a time of surplus. The rationale was give people back their money, we have a surplus as far as the eye can see. Now we're teetering on the edge of having the United States of America's debt rating downgraded. And if you increase the debt next year by $1.7 trillion--and you say, well, don't worry, we'll take care of it with some cuts. Cuts? $450 billion in 1 year? I don't think so, unless basically you eliminate virtually the entire government, close the prisons, turn the prisoners out, open the borders, no Coast Guard, and we go on down the list. $450 billion? No, you're not going to do that, and you know you're not going to do that. You're just pretending.  But even worse, $111 billion of this is going to come from Social Security. The Social Security trust fund has been inviolate since it was set up by Franklin Delano Roosevelt and wise men 75 years ago. He said this will be an earned benefit; Congress can't touch the money and can't cut the benefits. No, but what we're going to do in this deal, constructed by the Republicans--no Democrat has ever proposed this, no hearing has ever been held on it--is we're going to give a tax holiday. But don't worry, we'll make the Social Security trust fund whole; we'll go out and borrow $111 billion from China and we'll inject it back into the Social Security trust fund. What an absurdity and what a threat to the future of Social Security because next year they'll say, hey, we can't afford to subsidize Social Security, we can't afford to borrow $111 billion from China, but don't let that tax go back up, that will be the largest tax increase on working people in the history of the United States--just like we're hearing now. We go back to the Clinton-era taxes, the largest tax increase in the history of the United States. We created 23 million jobs during the Clinton administration, we balanced the budget of the United States of America, and we did that under the tax rates that would come back into effect on the 1st. But now you're going to attack Social Security, hold the unemployed hostage, and reduce the income of the United States and increase our debt. What a pathetic position to take.  