Speaker, today, I voted against S. 3729, the NASA Reauthorization Act because it will ultimately add $230 billion to our deficit to under the ruse that we must land a man on Mars.  In 2004, President Bush announced his Mission to Mars initiative, with a goal of manned space flight to the moon and then to Mars. What President Bush didn't reveal was the future costs of Mission to Mars that would swell to astronomic levels and create further havoc with the federal budget.  With our economy still in a ditch and our national debt having doubled in the last 8 years, the United States cannot afford to begin a new space cowboy adventure. It is only reasonable that we reassess our budget priorities, just as millions of struggling Americans are reassessing theirs. Tough choices must be made, and manned space expeditions are not worth expanded deficit spending.  A 2008 report from the Government Accountability Office reported that NASA has estimated the total cost of the planned Mission to Mars, will have a final cost of over $230 billion. That is not affordable in even the best of economic times.  In response to this breathtaking cost estimate, I attached an amendment to the 2008 NASA Reauthorization directing the Congressional Budget Office to update its budgetary analysis on NASA's near term exploration plans for the moon.  CBO reported that the average NASA program experiences a 50% cost growth over initial budget estimates, with some programs experiencing a final cost of almost 250% over initial estimates. It goes on to state that in order for NASA to meet its current schedule to get to the moon, it would have t spend $110 billion through 2020.  Americans need to know that in these uncertain times we are doing everything we can to restore fiscal discipline and put our economy back on track. We've been to the moon, and we do not need to spend $110 billion to go there again. We certainly can't afford the $230 billion to go to Mars.  S. 3729, continues the costly Constellation program and specifically insists on the development of heavy-lift rockets. This bill keeps alive a program that should be eliminated.  