 The protection of our Social Security numbers is vital. I once had a reporter come to my office and say, I have something to show you. She pulled out a piece of paper, and she said, Here's your Social Security number. I bought it for $15 online. That should not be allowed. That should be an illegal activity in this country.  But the other issue that just preceded this is equally important to 40 million people who collect Social Security and a number of people who collect veterans benefits, and that is a meaningful and well-deserved cost-of-living adjustment for real increases in the costs of living for seniors in America.  Now, yeah, the pointy heads down at the Department of Labor have this jiggered up kind of cost-of-living index which puts heavy weight on buying a 4G iPhone and the reductions in costs, and second generation or third generation of expensive computers and things like that. But it doesn't go to basics. It doesn't go to the cost of pharmaceuticals, which unfortunately many seniors have to consume to maintain their health. It doesn't go to the cost of, you know, hospital care or physicians visits. It doesn't go meaningfully to basics, like utility costs or rent or taxes on your property. None of those things are given heavy weight or any weight, in some cases, in the cost-of-living index that they are using to say to seniors, Your costs didn't go up last year, so you'll get no cost-of-living adjustment.  I have introduced legislation over a number of years to have a specific cost-of-living index for seniors called a CPI-E, elderly, because they consume from a different so-called market basket than do young consumers in this country. You'd get laughed out of the room if you went to any senior center in this country or any coffee klatch in some little coffee shop in your district with retirees and said, Hey, your costs didn't go up this last year. You don't need a cost-of-living adjustment on Social Security. Give me a break. Seniors need a cost-of-living adjustment, and we need to protect our Social Security numbers.  