Oberstar.  Jim Oberstar has skillfully served the residents of Minnesota's 8th Congressional District for thirty-six years, and served the U.S. House of Representatives for twelve years before that as staff to former Congressman John Blatnik and the House Committee on Public Works. He has served with thirteen Secretaries of Transportation, seven presidents, and thousands of Members of Congress. For nearly fifty years this institution has been fortunate to have a public servant like Jim Oberstar as a staffer and Member, and while he has left his mark in countless ways, the United States Congress is losing a titan.  No one knows the meaning of public service more than Jim Oberstar and I can think of no one who has more knowledge of and passion for transportation policy. Jim is steeped not only in the history of this legislative body, but in the intricacies and inner workings of every transportation program created in the past sixty years. He is a member of the old guard who is able to put aside political differences to work out a compromise for the greater good. He leaves behind an impressive legacy of important legislation, from laws to ensure the better maintenance and safety of aircraft to bipartisan legislation to ensure gas tax revenues are used only to fix roads and bridges, not to make the budget deficit look smaller.  When I came to Congress twenty-four years ago, I was very pleased to be assigned to what is now called the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I knew the ability to impact our nation's transportation policy could pay dividends by helping American businesses compete in a global economy. It was there I first met Jim, by then a twelve year veteran of the Committee, who helped me learn the ropes of the Committee and imparted on me his passion for transportation policy. He has always been a champion for infrastructure investment and for the little guy. Jim has been a tremendous mentor to me and I only regret we weren't able to complete our surface transportation authorization bill this year.  Jim's legacy in Congress will live on as we continue to work to strengthen our economy by ensuring the U.S. has a safe and world-class transportation system. No other Committee in Congress has had such a significant impact on keeping Americans safe and our economy moving, and there has been no better champion for transportation than Jim Oberstar. I will miss my good friend.  