There's a different emphasis. The emphasis is on small business, which is an incredible economic engine in my State and in many other States across the country. Secondly, there is an extraordinary emphasis on transportation infrastructure.  The gentleman may be unaware that in August of this year the Transportation Infrastructure Trust Fund is going to fall short of funds, delaying reimbursement to the States and stalling out needed projects and investment all across the country. This bill fixes that, and once and for all we will in the future get interest on money borrowed from the highway trust fund. That's what people pay gas taxes for. It's not supposed to be spent somewhere else. We're now going to reclaim that money, and we're going to spend it putting people to work and rebuilding the crumbling infrastructure of this country. It will give us a billion dollars more a month.  I heard the gentleman from Ohio talking about 58 percent of the bill. Well, no. Actually, what he was concerned about was 58 percent of 1.2 percent of the bill, which is .7 percent of the bill, which, under the agreement the chairman has reached with the leader of the Senate, will be fixed in the near future. In fact, Ohio will get an extra $38 million because of that, and my State will get less. So I don't know what he's complaining about. If somebody should be down here complaining, it should be me.  Mr. LaTOURETTE. Will the gentleman yield?  Mr. DeFAZIO. I will not yield.  But I felt it was fair to put that money into the overall formula so that all 50 States would benefit, because everybody, almost every State, is suffering high unemployment, particularly the gentleman's State and my State. And this agreement the chairman has will bring an extra $38 million to his State, a billion dollars a month more in infrastructure spending; and for every billion we spend in infrastructure, we put about 33,000 more people to work. We sure as heck need those jobs.  So I stand here saying we need to pass this bill. Yeah, the Senate is dysfunctional. It's a mess. It would have been cleaner to do it all at once. But this is the best we can do, dealing with a body that is just ridiculous.  