President, I rise today, as many of my colleagues have done, to speak in favor of the final passage of the conference report to accompany the FAA Air Transportation Modernization and Improvement Act. I don't know what the acronym to that is. It is a long name but it is a very comprehensive bill, and a very good bill.  I especially want to thank Senator Hutchison and my good friend from West Virginia Senator Rockefeller and their dedicated staff for the countless hours they have dedicated over the past 5 years to produce legislation that will provide the Federal Aviation Administration with the tools necessary to begin finally to support the 21st century national airspace system. It is not often you have a staff and two Members dedicated for 5 years to finally come up with a good bill. It has been tough sledding, but they have gotten it done.  The aviation industry remains one of the most important economic sectors in my home State of Kansas. Passage of this 4-year reauthorization is absolutely necessary for giving aviation companies necessary funding and the regulatory certainty to move forward with a number of important initiatives. It is not very often in today's world you talk about regulatory certainty. This bill will do that.  Specifically, the FAA Air Transportation Modernization and Safety Improvement Act includes provisions toimplement a state-of-the-art satellite-based navigation system to provide operators and users of our national airspace the ability to seamlessly guide and locate traffic throughout our Nation and around the world.  It also authorizes critical funding for the Essential Air Service Program which provides Kansas and other rural States the ability to provide air service to smaller communities and the citizens and businesses whose livelihoods rely on the ability to travel longer distances in a short amount of time.  As a Member of the House--as a matter of fact, even prior to that as a staffer to a Member of the House--I was part of the effort that established the first Essential Air Service, so I have a long-time interest in this. I again thank Senators for doing their very best to preserve this program.  More important, this legislation reflects a bipartisan effort to ensure the continued health of the general aviation industry. This industry contributes over $150 billion to the national economy each year. It has created over 1.3 million jobs--if anybody wants to hear about job creation, this is the outfit that does it--across a broad range of disciplines, and allows companies the ability to access facilities all across the globe.  This is where I want to particularly thank Chairman Rockefeller and Senator Hutchison as well as my colleagues on the Finance Committee who were tasked with finding the necessary funding streams to pay for the annual $15.9 billion tag this legislation does authorize.  Notably, this legislation does not include language imposing disproportionate and onerous user fees on the general aviation industry. This is contrary to what has happened in the past. This has been a general agreement now. Rather, this legislation preserves the current fuel tax levels, an efficient and effective funding mechanism that accurately reflects general aviation's use of the system.  If anybody down at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue is listening, I hope they would adopt the same attitude as we have been able to reach in a bipartisan way, and not pick on any particular industry--or use their name or acronym for their name about six or seven times in three paragraphs of recent speeches.  Last, this legislation would not undermine steps taken at the Department of Transportation to protect private citizens from having their movements tracked by anyone with easily accessible flight tracking technology.  I look forward to joining my colleagues later this afternoon in passing this important measure, a great, comprehensive bill that will support more than a million jobs and help spur further economic growth and development in our Nation's aviation sector.  I yield the floor.  