 My amendment addresses a significant tax policy concern. Within the Tax Code there is a long list of provisions simply known as tax extenders. Some might ask why I am offering an amendment on tax extenders to a bill dealing with the Federal highway program. In a nutshell, here is why: These provisions are used by millions of families, individuals, and business taxpayers. But these provisions expired over 2 months ago, causing utter chaos in regard to--well, really, what it caused was the lawyer-CPA full employment act. At present, the Senate leadership has no plans to consider these expired tax provisions. That is not right.  The base of this amendment includes most if not all of the expired energy tax incentives addressed in the amendment offered by my friends on the other side of the aisle. It is your amendment. In my amendment, however, we increase these energy production incentives. With spiking gas prices hammering families and businesses, this is precisely, it seems to me, the time to have a policy which will increase our supply of energy.  To begin with, addressing the oil supply issues, my amendment would cut redtape and open more Federal land for more oil and gas exploration and drilling. We are all painfully aware of the President's rejection of the Keystone XL Pipeline application. My amendment gives our Canadian neighbors the green light to send energy our way.  Let me now briefly describe the amendment. This amendment extends popular and much needed tax relief ranging from tax deductions for families sending kids to college to the adoption tax credit. By supporting my amendment today, we can provide much needed tax relief and certainty to millions of families and businesses for the remainder of this year.  I highlight this point because uncertainty in business and personal financial planning is something I think all of us hear about daily when we go back home and then come back here. Let's take a look at the deductibility of college tuition. This is a benefit for families who send their kids to college. By definition, this benefit goes to middle-income families. A lot of these folks are not low-income, so their kids do not qualify for Pell grants, but they are not high-income either. A lot of these folks are paying significant Federal, State, and local taxes and they get no help in defraying the high cost of their kids' college education. This tax deduction would make this consistent just for this year. This helpsfamilies by increasing access to higher education. This deduction ran out last year, and if we don't act these families will continue to face a tax increase.  Another very important expired provision is the deductibility of State and local sales taxes. Over 10.3 million Americans are paying more in taxes because this provision has expired.  On the business side, my amendment would address expiring business provisions, including the research and development tax credit and tax incentives for leasehold improvements and restaurant depreciation. It also extends enhanced small business expensing. Many small businesses use this benefit to buy equipment on an efficient aftertax basis. It is good for small business. It is good for small business workers. It is good for our Nation's economic growth.  The amendment closes a tax loophole that ensures that taxpayers claiming the refundable child tax credit provide proper identification on their tax returns.  Finally, this amendment includes a special deficit reduction trust fund. The trust fund would contain the savings from the energy production incentives, the refundable child tax credit provision, and an extension of the existing Federal employee pay freeze.  In summary, this amendment does not add to the deficit. It contains robust energy production incentives and restores expired individual and business tax relief provisions. Most of all, it promotes economic growth and provides much needed consistency as these tax extenders simply do not exist at the present time, and only for this year. Everybody knows in 2013 we have the obligation and responsibility to dig into a tax reform plan that will certainly serve to put our Nation in much better shape in regard to tax policy.  I yield the floor.  