President, let me associate myself with the remarks of Senator Isakson. I thank him and all of my colleagues who have come to the floor to eulogize Senator Danny Inouye. The Senate and our Nation has lost an unsung hero. He was heroic in military valor, receiving the Nation's highest honor, the Medal of Honor. He was heroic as the one chosen to lead with dignity in inquiries seeking the truth during our most challenging times. He was a tireless guardian of our national security and champion to the men and women who put their lives at risk to protect the United States and whose legislative achievements have been simply remarkable. All this from a man who always gave others credit and never sought the spotlight.  Yesterday Senator John McCain from Arizona--a hero in his own right--reflected on the passing of Senator Inouye: Today, the Senate, America, and especially his beloved citizens of Hawaii, lost a unique, brave, and wonderful legislator. He was a man who brought the most unique credentials to this institution--I would argue--of probably anyone who has ever served in this very diverse body.  Senator McCain certainly hit the nail on the head.  He went on to say: In Hawaii there was a group of young Japanese Americans who decided they wanted to serve their country in uniform. One of the most well-known, famous, and highly decorated units of World War II was the battalion in which Dan Inouye served.  Dan Inouye was a proud member of his battalion. In fierce combat, he was gravely wounded on the battlefield and was brought home. He, as we all know, lost his arm as a result of one of the wounds he sustained.  Senator McCain went on to point out that he went to the Veterans Hospital in Chicago where a person in the same ward was an American Army second lieutenant who had also been wounded seriously in combat in Italy, 2LT Bob Dole of Kansas. Bob Dole is a man who still represents the very best we have in Kansas, our country, and he did such a great job as leader of this body. Their friendship has lasted to this day.  Both men were gravely wounded, both were certainly dedicated to serve their country, and both served with distinction. The friendship and the bonds of friendship that were forged in that hospital between Bob and Dan were unique and also enduring.  Yesterday, Senator Danny Akaka also pointed out that his colleague from his native State was a true patriot and American hero in every sense and at this time in Hawaii, the greatest leader.  Then Danny Akaka said that it is an incredible understatement to call him an institution. This Chamber will never be the same without him. He also said Danny Inouye leaves behind a list of accomplishments unlikely to ever be paralleled. His lifelong dedication and hard work in the name of his beloved country, the United States of America, influenced every part of his life and set him apart--even in the Senate.  Today will be the first day since Hawaii became a State in 1959 that Danny Inouye will not be representing us in the Congress. Every child born in Hawaii will learn of Danny Inouye, a man who changed the islands forever.  Senator Akaka then went on to say he was praying for his wife Irene, his son Ken, his daughter-in-law Jessica, his stepdaughter Jennifer, and granddaughter Maggie, who was the apple of his eye.  Like so many, with Danny's untimely passing, I have lost a very dear friend. In truth, as an institution, every Senator in the Senate lost a dear friend. We lost one of the last institutional flames of the Senate.  Upon reflection, the occasions I have had the privilege to be with Danny also represented my personal career highlights. There were codels with Senator Ted Stevens, affectionately called Uncle Ted. Danny always had T-shirts made that said ``I survived Codel Stevens.'' He took us to Antarctica, North Korea, the Russian Far and wild East, and any number of places of national interest that nobody else would go. As the song says, through the bushes and brambles where a rabbit wouldn't go.  Danny was the personification of those who get things done the effective way. He stayed in the background until it was time to take charge and then gave others the credit. I will always remember his sonorous, basso profundo voice advising the North Koreans at one point during a trip to make P'anmunjom and the 38th parallel a tourist site--not a shooting gallery.  In the Russian Far East we traveled to Sakhalin Island, with mountains and raw materials that rivaled Alaska and where locals say there are still saber-toothed tigers north of the island. Danny, while visiting with staff, went into detail about his many travels, with a little fact and fiction mixed in, all with a twinkle in his eye.  I also remember while in the city of Khabarovsk in the Russian Far East--we were at a hotel. Of all the hotels in the Russian Far East, this one had to be one of the last on the list.  As we went into our rooms, I discovered that my bed was a wooden frame with just straps--no mattress, one blanket, and no pillow. I thought, being a junior member of this codel, this was something they assigned to me. So I went down the hall with my special key in hand and my special ID that was required in that part of the world and knocked on Danny's door. He said: How can I be of service to you, dear friend?  I said that I wanted to look at his accommodations, thinking, of course, he would have a bed. There was a wooden bed with the same kind of accommodations--no mattress, straps, and just one blanket. He said: Why are you interested in that bed?  I said: Well, I thought being a junior Member that things might be better in your quarters.  He got a big kick out of that. He always reminded me of that at various times when I would get a little upset about anything.  At any rate, it is not an understatement with regard to his leadership, bipartisanship, integrity, and achievement. It would serve every Member of this Senate to ask: What would Danny Inouye want us to do?  In today's Washington Post there was a reference to the keynote speech that Senator Inouye gave in Chicago. It was a period of unrest after the assassinations of Senator Robert Kennedy and Rev. Martin Luther King--troubling times, indeed. Speaking not as a Democrat but as a citizen disturbed by unprecedented violence, Senator Inouye described a ``troubling loss of faith among Americans.''  He went on to say: I do not mean a loss of religious faith, I mean a loss of faith in our country, its purposes, and its institutions. I mean a retreat from the responsibilities of citizenship.  Danny called for Americans to rebuild their trust in government--an extraordinary statement from a man whose people had suffered grave injustices at the hands of government.  The article went on to say that Senator Inouye's remarks were immediately overshadowed by events at that convention, but his speech was truly remarkable. It was a speech that drewlittle attention then and is even less remembered now.  My colleagues, Danny's speech should be required reading today given the recent tragedies. It was just last week that I was asked to speak on Senator Inouye's behalf at an event concerning the proposed Eisenhower Memorial. It is a joint bipartisan effort that has taken far too long to bring to fruition. In the cloakroom the day before we had one of our many discussions where he grabbed my hand and looked me in the eye and said: You and I probably vote differently 80 percent of the time, but in all of our mutual efforts and all of our travels, I have considered you a brother.  I didn't know what to do. I responded with a tear in my eye, and I said: I love you, Danny Inouye.  And he said: I love you too.  What a wonderful thing to hear from a true American hero in every respect. It has been a privilege and an honor to serve with such a remarkable and truly humble man.  I also want to thank his wonderful staff in working with my staff on so many mutual projects.  Aloha, my dear friend. I will miss you every day.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  