1617, the Klobuchar, Roberts, Ben Nelson, McCaskill, Johanns, and Lugar amendment to clarify Hours of Service--HOS--exemption for Ag transportation.  The Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act expressly states:       Regulations prescribed by the Secretary regarding maximum      driving and on-duty time for drivers used by motor carriers      shall not apply during planting and harvest periods, as      determined by each State, to drivers transporting      agricultural commodities or farm supplies for agricultural      purposes in a State if such transportation is limited to an      area within a 100 air mile radius from the source of the      commodities or the distribution point for the farm supplies.  We believe this statute alone, not to mention clear Congressional intent demonstrated in previous sessions, clearly allows the transportation of all farm supplies from any distribution point to a local farm retailer or to the ultimate consumer--in other words, from source to retail, source to farm, and retail to farm.  Unfortunately, in 2009 the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration--FMCSA--began to misinterpret both the statute and Congressional intent.  Currently, FMCSA only allows for the transportation of a single farm supply--anhydrous ammonia--from any distribution point to a local farm retailer or to the ultimate consumer. While anhydrous ammonia is perhaps the most widely used farm supply to be transported under the AgHOS regulations, many other critical farm supplies have been excluded because of the agency's interpretation. This severely hinders the flexibility our farmers need during planting and harvesting seasons.  FMCSA, through several waivers granted over the past two years, has recognized the need for an exemption to their motor carrier regulations.  Therefore, our amendment will reinforce what we believe is existing law by clarifying that a driver transporting farm supplies from source to retail, source to farm, and retail to farm is included in the Ag Hours of Service exemption.  This amendment is a commonsense approach to simply clarify what is already existing law and will provide our Nation's farmers with the flexibility they need to feed an ever-growing Nation and world.  I yield the floor and, again, strongly encourage my friends to vote in favor of this commonsense amendment.  