Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Fudge), the esteemed chairwoman of the Congressional Black Caucus, for her hard work, for her leadership on this resolution, and for her kind words.  I would also like to thank the gentlewoman from Michigan for her kind words and for her leadership. The two of them have never given up or given in and have kept the faith, and for that, I thank them so much.  I would also like to thank the Speaker and our friends on both sides of the aisle for helping to bring this resolution to the floor.  I am glad to be on the floor with the gentleman from South Carolina, Jim Clyburn, who I met more than 50 years ago at an organizer meeting of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, when we both were very young, first for the sit-ins, when we both had all of our hair.  To be here with the gentleman from South Carolina today, if someone had told me then that the two of us would be sitting here in the Congress, I would say: you are crazy, you are out of your mind, you don't know what you are talking about.  Fifty years ago, President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 into law. This bipartisan effort outlawed discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. The following year, President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law. It was a bipartisan effort.  Mr. Speaker, if you visit my office in the Cannon Building, you will see both Democrats and Republicans standing together. You will see me standing with Members of the Senate. One man I will never forget, the Republican leader Everett Dirksen, helped make it possible to get the bill passed.  Too many people I knew and loved lost their lives in the fight for civil rights and simple justice. Every singleday, each and every one of us must remember the heroes--average men, women, and children--who put their lives on the line in the fight for equality.  We cannot forget their sacrifice, and we must not ignore the lessons of history. When we come together across party lines, from different races, religions, and regions, we can achieve the greater good.  I hope and pray that we will come together again--Democrats and Republicans, of all faiths, colors, and regions--to pass laws that maintain, protect, and strengthen rights for which many gave their ultimate sacrifice.  Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan, the gentlewoman from Ohio, and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their strong support of this resolution.  