Speaker, I want to thank my friend and my colleague, Congressman Jeffries, for organizing this Special Order.  Thank you for all that you do. Thank you for speaking up and speaking out. Thank you for finding a way to get in the way.  Mr. Speaker, our march toward a more perfect Union has been long, hard, and tedious, but we must continue to move forward. I know there are forces that want to stop us, slow us down, and take us back, but as a Nation and as a people, we have made too much progress to turn back now. Through hard work, discipline, and with the blessing of the Almighty, we can--and we will--move to redeem the soul of America and create a more perfect Union.  The American people are ready.  They have grown by leaps and bounds to build bridges of understanding between diverse communities. As their Representatives, will we follow their lead? Can we work together in this body as one people, one family, who live in the same house, one house--the American house? We don't have to be mean to each other. We don't have to put each other down.  My work in the movement taught me--my faith has taught me and many others--to respect the dignity and the worth of every human being. There is some good in the worst of us because everything that is was made by our Creator. That is why we must respect the worth and dignity and that spark of the divine in each one of us.  As A. Philip Randolph--a dean of Black leadership, the visionary who planned the historic March on Washington in 1963 and the founder of the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters--once said: ``We may have all come here on different ships, but we're all in the same boat now.''  My colleagues, my brothers and sisters, we must keep the faith. We must press toward the mark of the public good and put our personal ambitions aside.  As Mr. Jeffries did a few moments ago, let me paraphrase the words of a great Republican President who livedin a more divisive time even than in our own.  He said:       Brave men, both living and dead, have consecrated the      American soil with their tears, their sweat, and their blood.      The world will little note nor long remember what we said      here, but it will never forget what we did here. We must be      dedicated . . . to the great tasks remaining before us . . .      and make sure they did not sacrifice in vain, that this      Nation under God shall have a new birth of freedom and that      the government of the people, by the people, and for the      people shall not perish from the Earth.  Thank you, Mr. Jeffries.  