Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  What a perfect bill this is. Our Republican friends don't like taxes, they don't like the collection of taxes, and, of course, none of us do. And they don't like affordable care for our citizens, quality care for our citizens, accessible care for our citizens. So, with this stroke, they can attack both.  The gentleman who just spoke asserts that the American people know. Republicans have made an assertion about the oversight of taxpayers to see whether or not they are committing fraud, i.e., claiming to be social welfare organizations when everybody in America knows they are solely political organizations; and the Republicans never mention it was across the board, not targeted. And the Affordable Care Act, they don't like that either. They would, as my friend from Texas said, still like to have the insurance companies in charge--not the patient, not the doctor, but the insurance companies.  Mr. Speaker, less than 2 weeks ago, Republicans were on this floor for the 38th and 39th times to repeal the Affordable Care Act, the accessible care act, the quality care act. Now we have the 40th time we've been at this.  The American people, of course, want to see us working on jobs. They want to see us working on investment and education. They want to see us being able to compete with the world. But what do we do? We continue to beat this horse. And contrary to my Republican friends' assertion, Americans say, overwhelmingly, when asked do you want repeal or do you want a fix, make it better, do things better, make it more efficient, they opt for the latter overwhelmingly.  But as the gentleman from Texas just said, you go to the Web site--and not 2\1/2\ years; not 2\1/2\ years, I tell my friend from Texas, it has been 7 years, since 2006 when we started working on this--but there's no fix, no fix on the Web site, no fix on this floor.  Today, their newfound populism is nowhere to be seen as they vote to repeal tax credits and subsidies designed to make health care more affordable for those same people--working families and small businesses--who haven't been able to get insurance and are left at risk without the security of it.  Suddenly, the party that never met a tax break it didn't like is pursuing a tax increase of more than $1 trillion on small businesses and the middle class. As a result, they are making health care more expensive, and millions of Americans will no longer be able to access affordable health care.  