Comey, says that this sequester and budget number will deeply hurt law enforcement in this country.  Mr. Speaker, I talked to my colleagues, let's defeat this bill, and let's move to the business that is real, that will make a difference, not make a political point. Let us move to doing the business of America and put the people's government back to work, not pretend that we are going to do it by some supercommittee. We tried that. It didn't work very well. I am sorry about that. I urged them to stay in business and do their job.  I ask my colleagues, defeat this, move to the business of America, put the people's government back to work.  Mr. Speaker, this House has a responsibility to reopen government.  We can vote on a bill within the hour that would reopen the entire government--and we know the votes are there to pass it.  Two hundred Democrats are on record that we will vote to reopen the government, and there are media reports that twenty-five Republicans will do so as well.  So let's find out: put a bill on the floor to reopen government, and let the House work its will.  Democrats are also ready to work with republicans to prevent a default.  Once we end the shutdown and remove the threat of default, Democrats want to sit down and talk in a bipartisan way--as we have asked to do for months--and work out a long-term solution to our nation's fiscal challenges.  But the plan on the floor today won't do that.  It is a pretense, not a substantive action.  It does not reopen government, nor does it ensure America pays its bills.  And it is not a real mechanism to reach a broader agreement on fiscal issues.  It does not have a deadline for action--nor does it require a vote on any recommendations the committee would produce.  And, it is not a balanced approach, as it precludes the consideration of any new revenue whatsoever.  This is just more of the same from the Tea Party-driven Republican conference that isn't serious about reducing the deficit in a balanced and sustainable way.  Instead of wasting more time on these reckless and irresponsible gimmicks, we ought to be taking responsible steps to end the shutdown, prevent a default, and then work together to achieve real, long-term fiscal solutions.  I urge my colleagues to defeat this bill.  