 Ladies and gentlemen, this bill is offered by people who, according to their own rhetoric, want to repeal the Affordable Care Act. That is a fair position; but now they are trying to do so with a Trojan horse they call ``the Upton bill'' that, in effect, will fix what people are concerned about. The fact of the matter is it will not fix that problem, but what it will do is undermine the ability of millions and millions and millions of people to have health security.  I would urge my colleagues to defeat this Trojan horse. I would urge my colleagues to say to the American people, look, we are prepared to work together.  The President has offered a compromise which will have the effect ofnot opening up the policies to everybody, but to those people that had a policy. That is a reasonable step to take. That is a step that, perhaps, we can take together and get accomplished.  Let's reject this bill and let's stand with the millions of people who want affordable, quality health care for themselves and their families.  Mr. Speaker, the Affordable Care Act is good for our country, and it is already benefiting millions of people.  Today, those who are uninsured can sign up for affordable plans through the state and federal marketplaces--and over 1.5 million Americans have already applied for coverage. In spite of that, Republicans remain fixated on repealing this law--rather than working with us to improve it.  Today, we are witnessing their latest assault on health care reform, with their 46th vote to undermine the Affordable Care Act. Once again, instead of providing a solution, their bill will only create more problems.  This stands in sharp contrast with the approach of President Obama and Democrats, which is to work together to make improvements where needed.  In that vein, President Obama announced yesterday that insurers can continue to sell 2013 plans through next year to those Americans who are already enrolled in an individual market policy. And the administration will require insurance companies to be more transparent by sharing information with consumers about other coverage options through the marketplaces--many that provide better benefits at a lower cost.  The President's plan will also mitigate the risk of premium increases that could result from the grandfathering of these insurance policies. That is something the gentleman from Michigan's bill does not do--which means that his bill will lead to higher premiums and greater uncertainty for all consumers.  And his bill would undermine the health care reforms that are yielding real benefits for millions of Americans.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation.  Instead, let's work together to make sure the Affordable Care Act is implemented effectively and that Americans will continue to benefit from it.  