 Ladies and gentlemen, we really need to come together and talk about how we reasonably move forward.  Speaker Boehner said, when the President was reelected, well, the Affordable Care Act is here. But you continue, you continue this very day, to pretend you're going to repeal the Affordable Care Act. That's maybe what your constituents want. That's maybe good politics for you, but it's lousy substance. That's the truth.  This is a ``gotcha'' vote. The press ought to disregard and constituents ought to disregard anything other than this is a vote to end the Affordable Care Act. Reject it. Reject it. Reject this politics as usual.  Mr. Speaker, today's votes are a sad and unnecessary gimmick.  What Republicans are focusing on with these bills is not real--it's part of a political game that comes at the cost of spending time on the actual challenges we face, like creating jobs and replacing the sequester.  I'm not surprised that Republicans continue to force votes to repeal the Affordable Care Act, because that's been their position all along.  Today's votes are more of the same--efforts to undermine a law that hasbeen enacted by Congress, upheld by the Supreme Court and reaffirmed with the reelection of President Obama.  The Administration has already announced they are delaying employer penalties by one year, while they continue to work with America's businesses to simplify reporting requirements.  They have already taken the needed steps to give the four percent of employers impacted by this policy more time to adapt their health coverage to new requirements--making today's legislation both redundant and irrelevant.  With respect to the individual responsibility requirement--no delay is needed.  Consumers will soon be able to use new insurance marketplaces to purchase insurance products that cover pre-existing conditions, do not impose arbitrary limits on your coverage, and do not charge women higher premiums than men for the exact same policy.  Many will be eligible for tax credits to help them cover the cost of insurance as well.  Today's legislation will only serve to increase both premiums and the number of uninsured.  It's time Republicans stop playing games with America's health care and focus the People's House on the issues the people care about: replacing the sequester and creating jobs.  