Speaker, Mr. Capuano represents a famous area of America, south Boston, a wonderful area of our country.  As every Member of this House knows, we who serve here in the Chamber rely on an outstanding group of professionals who manage the floor and the party cloakrooms. This is true for both Democrats and Republicans.  On the Democratic side, we have been incredibly fortunate to have been served with great ability by a devoted public servant with a wonderful sense of humor, a sense of this House, a sense of history, a sense of decency, and a sense of how to help Members greatly. He has managed our cloakroom for the past 33 years.  That man, devoted to the smooth running of the people's House day in and day out, is Barry Sullivan. As he prepares to retire from service, I want to join not only those from Massachusetts who are justifiably very proud of him as a brother from their own State, but also all of those in the House on both sides of the aisle, but particularly on our side of the aisle, who have been advantaged by his service, by his good humor, and by his caring.  Barry, a native of south Boston, first came to Washington in 1980 to work for the Sergeant at Arms as a doorkeeper. In 1987, Tip O'Neill appointed him to manage the Democratic cloakroom, and he has been reappointed ever since.  Barry had grown up around politics; and his father, Leo Sullivan, had been a Massachusetts State senator and a Boston police commissioner. He never thought he would stay in Washington for more than a couple of years, but the call to serve this House and his country proved too strong. His country and each of us and this institution have been advantaged by his staying.  Barry brought a lot of Boston to the Capitol. He set up a desk in the cloakroom that is very much a shrine to the Boston Red Sox and a place of homecoming for Massachusetts Members. And every time our Members' beepers would announce votes, it was Barry's mellifluous Boston accent that came across the airwaves to tell us what was going on.  Even more so, Barry has made the cloakroom feel like a home, a home away from home for all of us who serve here, and he will be missed dearly and greatly by all who came to cherish his friendship and his comradeship.  Barry, who sits on the floor with us, Mr. Speaker, we wish you all the best in retirement, both to you and to your lovely bride, Barbara, whom I had the opportunity of knowing very well almost as long as I have known you. She was a special person and had a special connection to this House because she was the daughter of our former colleague, Bill Hughes of New Jersey. Bill Hughes represented the people of New Jersey well, and I was honored to serve alongside him on the Financial Services Committee for a while.  As the sunny shores of Cape Cod beckon him, we bid farewell to an extraordinary public servant whose legacy will continue to be felt in the Halls of Congress both on and off this floor for many years to come.  Barry, thank you and Godspeed.  