I want the American people to know we've cut committee funding for 2 years in a row because we understand that we're asking everybody to notch in their belt by one or two notches, and we ought to do the same. And we have. But if you undermine the people's ability to do their job, you're going to be in trouble.  Woodrow Wilson once wrote: ``Congress in session is Congress on public exhibition.''  That's what we are here, we're on public exhibition. The TV is on, people are watching us, and people are seeing us.  But what Woodrow Wilson also said was: ``Whilst Congress in committee rooms is Congress at work.''  That's where we really do our work. We vote on it here, but committees are critically important creatures of oversight and of action.  I think the gentlelady is a good Member of this House, and she's been given a tough responsibility. She laments the fact that we have no money. We have no money because we said we didn't need it; we have no money because we can operate government without it.  Mr. Speaker, I hear your gavel, and I will close, but I urge my colleagues to vote against this resolution. Let's make sure that the Congress of the United States can do the job that the people expect.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this committee funding bill, which would hurt the ability of Congress to do its work effectively.  This bill would cut the funding for House Committees by an additional 11% in order to meet the irrational demands of sequestration--on top of huge cuts imposed last Congress.  Committees have lost around a quarter of their funding in the past few years, and this has meant fewer staff positions and the possibility of furloughs.  Most, I think, do not realize just how important committees are to the work we perform on the American people's behalf.  Woodrow Wilson once wrote:       Congress in session is Congress on public exhibition,      whilst Congress in its committee-rooms is Congress at work.  Eroding the ability of committees to do their work seriously limits the ability of Congress to engage in the people's work.  The Speaker and majority leader have said many times that this House ought to follow regular order.  To do so, we must have strong and fully functioning committees.  I urge my colleagues in both parties to oppose this bill.  