But I understand that food and fiber is critical for my people, for our Nation, indeed, for much of the world.  So, ladies and gentlemen, let us reject this flawed process, this process which abrogates the pledge of 3 days of consideration for legislation, last night published, and we are asked to vote on it today.  Why? Because this is a very controversial provision, and they didn't want to have the light of day shine too long on this flawed process.  Let us reject this bill, let us reject a partisan bill, let us speak out for the farm community of America, and, yes, those who need nutritional help. Let us also speak for job growth in rural America, which the bill that the chairman reported out would have helped.  This bill ought to be rejected, and we ought to do our duty and our responsibility in a responsible and effective democratic, bipartisan, cooperative way.  I congratulate the chairman for what he would like to do.  Mr. Speaker, this bill is a disgraceful abandonment of the most vulnerable people in our country.  The legislation Republicans have chosen to introduce--with just hours' notice and in blatant violation of their own stated `three-day' policy to read the bill--is missing a major part of any responsible farm bill.  By leaving funding for the supplemental nutrition assistance program--or ``SNAP''--out of this bill, they are effectively killing that program.  SNAP is a critical tool in keeping 47.5 million people--including many children and seniors--from experiencing hunger and illness.  It is one of our front-line programs against poverty in America.  My republican friends know that, even if they pass this bill through this House, the United States Senate will not consider a Farm Bill without SNAP funding.  Even conservative Republican Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa has said that splitting SNAP from the rest of the Farm Bill ``might fly in the House, but I don't think it's going to fly in the Senate.''  Our Republican friends claim to want fiscally responsible reforms to farm programs.  So it's ironic that their bill actually increases spending and the deficit by $1 billion in 2014--and it saves less over ten years than the Senate Farm Bill while creating permanent new farm programs.  The bill before us is just another exercise in house Republicans' political messaging game to make it appear that they are moving important legislation through Congress while, in reality, they refuse to play a constructive role in governing.  I urge its defeat.  Instead we ought to consider a farm bill that includes SNAP funding, after which we can go to conference with the Senate to achieve a real compromise.  If the Speaker really believes in regular order, which he has called for, Republicans should work with Democrats to pass a bipartisan farm bill and allow the conference process to move forward.  He has yet to do so with the budget, and I suspect that the reason we are not seeing regular order play out is because Republicans are not interested in compromise--only partisan politics.  Withdraw this bill; defeat this bill; restore regular order.  