 I rise partly in sadness, wholly in disappointment, that we are playing this game. How sad. I tell my other friend from Michigan, his amendment is sad, too, I want to say. It's a device to try to get people to vote for a bill that has no merit by making Members' pay somehow present in this bill. We ought to consider things on their merit, not on this political gamesmanship.  Madam Speaker, for the second time, House Republicans have decided to put our country at risk by defaulting on its obligations. They know this bill is not going anywhere. They know the President would veto it, and they know Republican economists think this bill makes no sense. I won't ask the gentleman who chairs the Ways and Means Committee his real view on this bill.  This so-called ``debt prioritization'' bill mandates that, in the event we hit the debt limit, we will pay China first, not our contractors doing business with us, not our Federal employees, not veterans--yes, Social Security is taken care of--not our military. We'll pay China first. That's what this bill says. No major creditor in this country would have a debt prioritization. Now, the secondary lenders and tertiary lenders, yes, have prioritization, but no major lender, no big corporation. They say, if we incur a debt, we'll pay it--not we'll pay this one first and you second or third or fourth. We'll pay China first and other creditors before we pay our troops, seniors, health care and veterans benefits. Yes, you've made an exemption for Social Security, not in the original bill, but politically that was too hot to handle, so you added Social Security.  Just yesterday, Speaker Boehner admitted that this bill means the United States of America will voluntarily act like a bankrupt corporation and pay China before we pay our troops. How sad. How patently political. How transparent that we are trying to give a fig leaf so that we can play around with the national debt. Ronald Reagan would be deeply disappointed, and he expressed that.  Speaker Boehner said:       Those who have loaned us money, like in any other      proceeding . . . the bondholders usually get paid first. The      same thing here--pay China first.  This partisan bill is not a feasible solution to our debt problem, and even Republicans recognize this won't work.  Tony Fratto, a former Bush administration spokesman on economic policy--this is a Republican spokesman--said:       Prioritization is impossible. Is the government really      going to be in the position of withholding benefits,      salaries, rent, contract payments, et cetera, in order to pay      off Treasury bondholders? That would be a political      catastrophe.  