Let me only observe that the bills which the gentleman has now discussed for 3 weeks running, on which we've had colloquies, are no longer available in either the Senate or the House. He knows that. They were in the last Congress, and they died in the last Congress. There has been no legislation in the 59 days that we've been here, put on this floor, and only the majority leader can put legislation on the floor, no legislation which would have an alternative to the sequester.  And, in fact, notwithstanding some of the representations that have been made, Mr. Speaker, there was a bill on this floor on July 19, 2011, which was called cut, cap, and balance; 229 Republicans voted for that bill. That bill had as its fallback, if the objectives of the bill were not reached, sequester. That was substantially before--many days before--the President, and through the person of Jack Lew, talked about making that a part of a piece of legislation that we needed so that we did not default on the national debt. And for the first time, not only since I've been serving in the Congress, some 32 years, but for the first time in history, as a result of that action of coming so close to defaulting on the national debt, this country was downgraded by a single point.  The gentleman talked about the STEM bill that was passed. He voted for it. I voted for it. An overwhelming majority of Democrats and Republicans voted for it to help our economy. That event substantially hurt our economy. Mr. Speaker, the inability to get to agreement on the sequester is hurting the economy. And I will tell my friend that we've offered three times to have a bill considered as an alternative to sequester which cuts spending, raises some additional revenue--and I know the gentleman is going to give me a lecture about raising taxes. I understand that.  But I would urge the gentleman, let a vote happen on this floor. Let the House, as you said in 2010, work its will. That's what the Speaker said he wanted to do. Let us vote on an alternative, not just blindly go down this road of sequester, not blindly go down this road that the gentleman has just agreed with me, and we agree together, I think most of us agree, the sequester is irrational. It should not happen. In fact, it was put in the bill on the theory that surely we wouldn't let it happen. But in 59 days, we've had no bill on this floor. All the gentleman talks about is a bill that is dead and gone and buried that we can't consider, that won't make a difference, that will not in any way ameliorate the sequester. And I regret that, Mr. Leader, because I think we can.  Frankly, next week we can put alternatives on the floor. If you have an alternative, put it on the floor. I may vote against it, but that's what the American people expect. They expect us to try to solve problems, and they sent us here to vote on policy.  Mr. Van Hollen, the ranking Democrat on the Budget Committee, has asked three times, Mr. Leader, to bring an amendment to this floor to provide an alternative to sequester.  It seems strange that when both of us agree that sequester is wrong, irrational, will have adverse effects, and Ben Bernanke says it will substantially hurt the economy, that we don't provide alternatives, and all we talk about is something that we yesterday--actually, 3 or 4 months ago--that is dead and gone. We need to do something now, and we need to come together on a bipartisan basis.  I might say to the leader, we've had four major bills signed into law in this Congress by the President. Every one of those bills was passed in a bipartisan basis with an average of 168 Democrats voting for it, and an average of 124 Republicans voting for it. We saw a perfect example, Mr. Leader, on the floor today of making very good policy. How did we do it? We did it in a bipartisan vote. I suggest to my friend, the majority leader, that we could do that as it relates to the sequester if we would bring something to the floor, have a vote on it; and in my view in a bipartisan fashion, we could in fact set aside this irrational, negative sequester, and move on to a rational fiscal policy.  I would be glad to yield to my friend if he wants to make a comment on it.  