I would reiterate to Members, in case they weren't listening, that the majority leader has said that we ought to be clearing our calendars for the week of the 23rd of September. That's the last week of the month. Originally, we were scheduled to be off that week, but in light of the fact that we have been unable yet to pass a continuing resolution or appropriations bills to fund the government's activities after the end of the fiscal year on September 30, I am pleased to see the majority leader is putting the House on notice. I have been telling my Members for the last 2 months to reserve that time in the contingency of which the majority leader speaks.  Mr. Majority Leader, before we left in July, we had a bill on the floor to fund Transportation and the Housing and Urban Development Department as well as other items. That bill was pulled. Subsequent to that bill's being pulled, Hal Rogers, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, sent a notice out to a lot of people. I presume the gentleman had an opportunity to read it.  It read:       I am extremely disappointed with the decision to pull the      T-HUD bill--as it's referred to--from the House calendar      today. The prospects for passing this bill in September are      bleak at best given the vote count on passage that was      apparent this afternoon.  He then made this statement, Mr. Leader:       With this action, the House has declined to proceed on the      implementation of the very budget it adopted 3 months ago.      Thus, I--Hal Rogers speaking--believe that the House has made      its choice. Sequestration and its unrealistic and ill-     conceived discretionary cuts must be brought to an end.  Mr. Leader, as you know, he went on to say this:       The House, Senate and White House must come together as      soon as possible on a comprehensive compromise that repeals      sequestration, takes the Nation off this lurching path from      fiscal crisis to fiscal crisis, reduces our deficits and      debt, and provides a realistic, top-line, discretionary      spending level to fund the government in a responsible and      attainable way.  That was his statement--the chairman from Kentucky, a conservative Republican--on July 31, 2013.  I want to tell my friend, the majority leader, that I agree with Mr. Rogers. The sequester level is unattainable and unrealistic. That's the chairman of your Appropriations Committee, who is responsible--and has been for many years--for judging what are the appropriate expenditures for our government to maintain programs important to our country, to our economy, and to our national security.  Mr. Leader, we have another issue beyond the continuing resolution which will also, as the gentleman knows, have a very substantial effect on the fiscal credibility of America, on the fiscal stability of America and on the growth of our economy, and of the confidence of our people and of people around the world, and that is the extension of our debt limit. This is going to be a shorter colloquy than we usually have because the issues that confront us are so very, very important.  I want to tell the majority leader that we have not had any discussions about a possible compromise; nor have we had any discussions with Mr. McCarthy about a possible compromise; nor have I or the leader had any substantive conversations with the Speaker about a substantive compromise, in our view, consistent with what your chairman of the Appropriations Committee rightfully, in myview, observed of the fiscal realities confronting our country. You have said and Mr. Boehner has said--I believe and Ms. Pelosi believes--that not extending the debt limit is unthinkable; and if we fail to do so, it would have very, very serious, adverse consequences on our country.  So rather than discuss other further scheduling issues, except to the extent that the gentleman wants to respond, let me say to the gentleman that, with these two items in particular, I stand ready to work with your side, and my side stands ready to work with your side on a compromise; but I will tell the gentleman, with all sincerity, that we will not pursue what Mr. Rogers correctly observed is an unsustainable and damaging process. To that extent, we will not compromise on that issue because your chairman is correct--it's harmful to our country.  So, in that context, Mr. Leader, I am hopeful that, as we move forward, as you've just been required to have another week added to the calendar because we've been unable so far to do our work--and this week, of course, is 1 of 2 weeks that we were supposed to meet in September, and we haven't done much. That's unfortunate. So we have used 50 percent of the time that we had for not much. I would ask the gentleman if he thinks that there is a possibility to compromise. I have observed and the world has observed the difficulty the gentleman and Mr. Boehner, the Speaker, have had in getting agreement in your own party, but we need to get agreement between the two parties and the Senate and the President of the United States so that this country can be funded and can meet its obligations and stabilize our economy.  I yield to my friend.  