 I rise in opposition to the underlying bill and in opposition to this rule and for a ``no'' vote on the previous question so that we can substitute Mr. Connolly's bill for this bill, which will mean we will substitute something that will grow jobs from something that will waste time, not because those with preexisting conditions aren't worthy of our consideration--and, in fact, were considered in the Affordable Care Act and will have, as of January 2014, some real protections, not just high-risk protections, some real protections for them and their families.  The previous speaker said ``this train wreck.'' This train wreck has already benefited millions of people: millions of seniors, millions of women, millions of people with preexisting conditions, millions of students, millions of young people who couldn't get insurance but can stay on their family's policy, millions of people who didn't have their benefits capped. Millions of people have already benefited.  The Republican Party continues to oppose. They want to see this bill be a train wreck and are doing everything in their power to destroy the tracks, everything in their power to make sure it doesn't work, make sure that hundreds of millions--yes, hundreds of millions--of Americans won't be benefited by bringing down cost and making insurance available to millions of people.  Just like the little boy who took the lives of his two parents complained to the court, ``Give me mercy because I'm an orphan,'' they are destroying the tracks that have been constructed to give Americans health care assurance.  Now, let me say, if we vote against this previous question, we will have an opportunity to consider Mr. Connolly's bill. That bill will be consistent with the Make It In America agenda--job creation, not wasting time.  We're going to do a bill on Thursday and Friday that we could do in 10 minutes--totally noncontroversial; it's about helium. We're going to take 2 days to do that bill; it could be done in 10 minutes. We are spinning our wheels, as the gentlelady suggested.  One bill that will be something that we can do for America and jobs as part of the Make It In America agenda is H.R. 535, the Put America Back to Work Now Act, sponsored by my friend from Virginia (Mr. Connolly). It would permanently extend the Build America Bonds program to help State and local governments leverage private capital to finance infrastructure projects--jobs.  