 Today, after 2 months, I think we're going to do something very positive, and we're going to do it in a bipartisan way, and I think that's excellent. I think America will be advantaged. Every American--women, yes--but every American will be advantaged.  House Democrats support the fully inclusive reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act which passed the Senate by a bipartisan vote of 78-22, as has been referenced. A majority of Republican Senators, and all Republican women Senators, voted in favor.  That bill represents a compromise, and I urge my colleagues to defeat the partisan, Republican-amended version so we can pass the Senate bill. I voted for the rule, which allows us that opportunity. Let us take it.  The changes House Republicans made in their version significantly weaken its provisions--and I want to say some Republicans. I want to make that clear. It's not all--aimed at protecting victims of domestic violence and empowering law enforcement to keep our people safe from these crimes.  The House Republican bill omits critical protections for Native Americans, for LGBT Americans, and for immigrants.  Furthermore, the House Republican bill removes protections for students on campus, victims of human trafficking, and those who've experienced rape or stalking.  Why? Why not protect everybody, all Americans?  When we fail to protect all victims, abusers can get away with the abuse and repeat it.  Madam Speaker, Congress ought not to be playing games with women's lives and with the lives of all who suffer from domestic violence. We owe it to the victims, their families, victims' advocates, law enforcement and prosecutors to make sure the protections of the Violence Against Women Act work and can meet the challenges we face today.  That's why we should defeat the weaker House Republican alternative and, instead, pass the fully inclusive version passed by Senate Democrats and Republicans. I expect it to be a bipartisan vote. It is a good day for America.  Mrs. McMORRIS RODGERS. Madam Speaker, just to clarify, on the Housesubstitute that we'll be considering a little later, it ensures that money goes to victims by increasing accountability. It ensures and guarantees that grants to combat sexual assault are distributed equitably. It improves the ability for law enforcement to prosecute abusers. It better protects Indian women from domestic violence, and it safeguards constitutional rights to ensure justice for victims.  At this time I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Lankford), our policy chairman.  