 We have started the appropriations process. We did two bills this week. They were relatively bipartisan in nature.  I regret, of course, the adoption of the King amendment, which we thought was a very bad policy. It precluded us from voting for a bill that we otherwise would have voted for and that we failed to reach bipartisan agreement. I think there were some on your side who did not want the King amendment offered which precludes any discretion for prosecutors, which I think is bad as general policy and certainly bad as it relates to the DREAMers.  I would hope that as we move forward on the appropriation bills, that we would be able to do those as we did the Military Construction, Veteran Affairs, and Related Agencies bill on which we passed on an almost overwhelming vote on both sides of the aisle.  One of the problems, Mr. Leader, is going to be the amount of dollars that have been made available to the nine remaining bills--perhaps Agriculture--so the eight remaining bills after we do MilCon and Homeland Security, which essentially were done at the agreed-upon levels of the Budget Control Act, similar to what the Senate is marking their bills to. I'm not sure what the defense number is going to be, but our fear and concern is that these bills will be marked so that substantial dollars that would otherwise have been available to other subcommittees will not be available because, in effect, we front-loaded spending on the first three bills.  The Ryan budget, as the gentleman knows, is almost $100 billion less than the agreement of August 2011 on how much dollars would be available for priorities on the discretionary side of our budget.  Can the gentleman give me any information with reference to whether or not we may still be going to a budget conference where we perhaps could reach elimination of the sequester and a new number that could be agreed upon between the Senate and the House, as we always have to do? Whether there's a budget or not, we have to agree on the numbers. We are about $100 billion apart, and that has to be overcome if we're going to pass bills.  Can the gentleman give me any thoughts on whether or not we're going to go to conference? There is nothing on the schedule for a motion to go to conference or appointment of conferees.  I yield to my friend.  