Speaker, we are witnessing on full display the utter failure of Republicans to govern as the majority.  Yesterday, after the Speaker and Majority Leader pulled the Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development appropriations bill from the floor, because they didn't have the votes to pass it, chairman Hal Rogers of the Appropriations Committee--that is, Republicans' top appropriator--issued a scathing rebuke to his party's own sequester strategy.  He wrote:       With this action, the House has declined to proceed on the      implementation of the very budget it adopted just three      months ago. Thus, I believe that the House has made its      choice: sequestration--and its unrealistic and ill-conceived      discretionary cuts--must be brought to an end.  Not my words, Mr. Speaker, but the Republican chairman of the Appropriations Committee.  What a shame that we are now harming our national security and limiting our ability to protect the most vulnerable people in America through this sequester process.  It is also hurting our economic recovery, as the nonpartisan CBO has estimated it could cost us as many as 1.6 million jobs that would have been created by the end of the next fiscal year--and 1.3 percentage points of added GDP.  The sequester is a result of Congress stalling on tough decisions and an insistence by tea party Republicans on divesting from America and dismantling the foundations of the American Dream.  And it has been embraced by the Republican leadership as their singular approach to deficits.  But the sequester is not a rational or responsible solution.  It was never meant to be.  The mere threat of sequester was intended to be so severe that it would compel both parties to cooperate and find a balanced alternative.  Now, like Chairman Rogers, many Republicans are growing tired of the sequester and are ready to compromise.  But not the Republican leadership, and that is very sad.  The complete implosion of their appropriations strategy demonstrates that, in order to pass appropriations or any substantive legislation, Republicans will have to compromise and work with Democrats in a bipartisan way.  It is sad and shameful that we are about to adjourn for a 5-week district work period, leaving critical business to create jobs and tackle deficits unfinished, while Republicans waste this Congress's time on a 40th vote to repeal ObamaCare.  When we return in September, I hope Republicans will see this week's appropriations debacle as their own appropriations chairman has--and abandon their reckless support for the sequester.  Let us focus now on seeking bipartisan compromise and the big, balanced solution that will restore fiscal sanity and give American families and businesses the certainty they deserve.  