 I would suggest that the amendments put forward do in fact express policy, which of course is what the budget does. Those policies are pretty straightforward in terms of not raising taxes on the middle class, on making sure that students don't have to pay higher interest for their loans, and making sure that we do in fact proceed with a comprehensive agreement not only to replace the sequester, but to, in a bipartisan way, get us on a road to fiscal sustainability.  Regrettably--as I think the gentleman probably knows--most budgets are usually partisan documents, whether they're offered by Democrats or Republicans. I understand that. Rarely have we been in the position that we now find ourselves in, however. Rarely have I experienced, in the 32 years I've been here--if ever--the fiscal crises that occur on such a regular basis here. The public, I think the economy, and I think the business community, and indeed the international community, is hoping that we get on a solid path.  The gentleman mentioned that the budget was a complex document. I think that's a fair statement. But, unfortunately, the budget that has been proposed--which the gentleman is very pleased to say balances within 10 years--unfortunately doesn't tell us how it's going to do so. It is in fact filled with conclusions, but not with policies to get us to that end.  In fact, Dana Milbank of The Washington Post--I think you probably read this--said there are so many blanks in the Ryan budget that it could be a Mad Libs exercise, which I understand is a children's book that sort of has a couple of sentences and the rest is fill in the blanks.  This, of course, is not a game; it's black budgeting, in my opinion, an expression of lofty aims--that is, that we balance within 12 years, which I think, frankly is--if there were no Democrats in the Congress of the United States, I tell my friend with all due respect, if there were no Democrats in the Congress of the United States, in my view you could not implement the Ryan budget. You couldn't get appropriation bills passed, and you could not pass a Ways and Means tax provision that would meet the requirements of the Ryan budget.  In addition to that, Mr. Leader, you and I both know we voted over 30 times to repeal the Affordable Care Act. It's not going to happen. If we want to do something in a bipartisan fashion, if we want to get to an end here, we ought to stop pretending that we're going to repeal the Affordable Care Act. We had an election about that. We won. The President won. Very frankly, even in the House there were more people who voted for Democrats than voted for Republicans for the House of Representatives.  Having said that, you're in charge. That's the law, and you won fair and square. But having said that, we're going to need to get to an agreement. I would hope that as we deal with the budget--and I will oppose the Ryan budget. I think the Ryan budget is unrealistic. I think the Ryan budget will not possibly be able to balance within 10 years. I wish we could. But if we do that, we're going to badly damage the economy that the gentleman talks about. We're going to undermine the creation of jobs. I don't say that; CBO says that. CBO says the sequester itself is going to cost us 750,000 to 1 million jobs. The Ryan budget, if adopted, would cost us over 2 million jobs.  So I'm hopeful that as we consider the budget--and my expectation is your budget will probably pass this House, but my hope is, and urging, Mr. Leader, is that we deal with this budget--and I don't know whether the Murray budget is going to pass or not through the Senate. I hope they pass some alternative, not because the budget-for-pay bill passed--which I think was a terrible bill to put on this floor and a terrible bill to pass. I think it sets a terrible precedent about you've got to pass something or you don't get paid. That's not what our democracy is about. People voting their conscience is what our democracy ought to be about, not about whether they get paid.  But in any event, Mr. Leader, I'm hopeful that in fact we can get to, in some form or fashion of another, a budget and appropriation bills and a Ways and Means bill that can be signed by the President, passed by the Senate, passed by this House so we can put our country on a fiscally sustainable path.  I yield to my friend.  