 Madam Speaker, today we are considering a measure to fund government only if the Democratic Senate and Democratic President will agree to dismantle the health care reform law that will help millions of Americans access quality, affordable care.  That isn't going to happen, and it is a blatant act of hostage-taking.  This Republican CR also lays the groundwork for a default on our debt--an unthinkable act--by instituting a ``pay China first'' provision, and it fully embraces the dangerous and irrational policy of sequester. This bill enshrines and confirms the descent into an economy-destroying, national security-undermining, and ineffective rendering of the government that our country and our people need.  The majority party, with its destructive obsession with the repeal of the Affordable Care Act and its unrestrained hostility towards government, has offered this bill notwithstanding Republicans' hollow claims of the irrationality of the sequester policy their party adopts. The majority does so notwithstanding their chairman's accurate description of their policy of sequester as ``unrealistic and ill-conceived''--his words, not mine--a policy which Chairman Rogers, himself, says ``must be brought to an end.'' His words, not mine.  Chairman Rogers' vote today and the votes of his colleagues will, I expect, do just the opposite. They will vote to continue a policy that will inevitably lead to an American decline and retreat.  I will not be party to the disinvestment in America's greatness.  Today's bill undermines the education of our children, the security of our seniors, the present and future health of our people, the strength, training, and readiness of our Armed Forces, the growth of our economy and the creation of jobs, the quality and viability of our infrastructure, the health of our environment, the proper compensation and respect for those who labor in the public sector, and most certainly, the honoring of America's debts and obligations.  Today's bill undermines all of those priorities and more. I will not support it, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it. It continues us on the path so aptly described by Chairman Rogers--again, his words, not mine--as ``this lurching path from fiscal crisis to fiscal crisis.''  I urge my colleagues, with wisdom and courage on your side of the aisle, to oppose this bill.  