 Mr. Speaker, the majority leader says that his side is against the Affordable Care Act. He's said that regularly since it was first considered. He's said they're against revenues. Mr. Speaker, he's said that repeatedly, and the majority party has said that repeatedly. Of course, pursuant to the Republican tax bill of '01 and '03, rates went up on January 1. They went up substantially.  You could look at it half full or half empty, and the gentleman looks at it, as we increase $600 billion in taxes--actually, taxes would have proposed $4 trillion had the tax law that was in effect at that time stayed in effect. The gentleman knows that, so you can look at it as a tax increase or a tax decrease, ensuring that middle class taxpayers didn't get an increase.  The American people, of course, 80 percent of them say what we did is the right thing. Now, we had an election, and the gentleman's position did not prevail in that election. But we are still hoist on the petard of saying, We disagree; do it our way or the highway.  The gentleman mentions the SKILLS Act. I wish we'd had an opportunity. We need to make the programs more focused and more effective, and the gentleman is absolutely right on that. Unfortunately, the majority gave no ability to have bipartisan input into that bill, and so its prospects for passage are almost minimal, maybe nil, so that the gentleman's party continues to, in my view, keep us in this gridlock. We understand your position. You understand our position. We've both got to come off our positions.  The American public elected a House of Representatives that's led by Republicans and a Senate run by Democrats. The only way democracy is going to work is if we come to an agreement. And simply restating what I know to be your position or my restating what I know my position is, we've already come, I think, a pretty far way towards your position in trying to reduce spending, about $1 trillion worth, which, by the way, your budget takes credit for.  We have a baseline that's been reduced because of the revenues that are in the Affordable Care Act, which you take credit for. You take credit for the $715 billion in your budget while repealing the Affordable Care Act, but you take credit for the $750 billion that reduced the baseline. So that on the one hand, you want to say, I'm against this; on the other hand, you want to use the revenue that it produced or the baseline that it reduced.  We have this same debate every week. It doesn't get us anywhere. The American public is pretty upset with all of us. They ought to be. I tell the press that 10 percent of the people think we're doing okay. They're wrong. We're not doing okay, and our country, as a result, is not having the kind of success in growing jobs that it ought to have.  Now, let me ask you, because I don't think you're going to change my mind or I'm going to change yours right now----  