 It doesn't get--we've been here 59 days, in this Congress. Not a single bill has been brought to this floor which will deal with the sequester, not one. As a matter of fact, we've only met 17 of the 59 days this year. So my friend laments the fact that the sequester is going into effect and he talks about bills that, as he didn't deny, they're dead and gone. The Senate can't take them up.  So many folks want us to read the Constitution of the United States. I'm for doing that. It's Article I that gives to the House, as the leader, I'm sure, knows, the responsibility to raise revenues and to pass appropriation bills. It's the House that needs to initiate legislation, and we guard that pretty jealously. We guarded it--we just passed VAWA. There was a lot of discussion about VAWA having--in the last Congress, that passed overwhelmingly, was delayed because, very frankly, they had some money effect in that bill. We said that was subject, therefore, to objections on our side.  We haven't met very often, and when we do meet, the only real bills we pass are passed in a bipartisan fashion, as happened today.  And when we talk about balance--and I get very frustrated. Take somebody else's money. Did you want to take it out of your pocket? Was the Constitution of the United States, which formed a more perfect Union, designed to take the Chinese money or European money and fund our education, our health care research, our highways, our national security? Of course not.  It is our money. Each one of us individually works hard, and we apportion a part of our earnings to the common good, to the common defense, to the common investment in our future, in education, in innovation, in infrastructure. Yes, we do that.  And I will tell my friend, and he well knows this, I get somewhat frustrated when I hear this. When I served in this Congress from 2001 to 2008, when the economic policy that was in effect was all your party's economic policy, and you cut revenues substantially and you increased spending substantially and we went from surplus to deep deficit, we need to solve that. I agree with the gentleman. We need to solve it, but we need to do it on a bipartisan basis.  That's why I point out the only bills of substance that have been signed by the President, that weren't suspension bills on which we all agree, were bipartisan bills that had an average 124 Republicans voting for them and an average 168 Democrats voting for them. Both parties joined together to solve problems. That's what needs to happen.  And I will tell the gentleman, he can talk about confidence all he wants, talk about why the rating agencies downgraded us. There were a number of reasons. But the greatest reason was--and they articulated it, Standard & Poor's articulated it--they weren't confident that we could solve problems, and we're not doing that.  The gentleman continues to not want a balanced program. Every group, every group that I've seen or read about or talked to people about has said, you cannot get from where we are in the deep debt that was created in the last decade to where we need to be, a balanced fiscal and sustainable plan for America for the years to come, without addressing both the spending side and the revenue side.  The example I use is, we are selling a product, Mr. Leader, that many of us have voted for it, and you want to accommodate on the defense side, which costs $23, and we are pricing it at $15. No business in America or in the world could survive with that imbalance. We need to bring that in balance. And you're not going to get to the 15 percent of revenues that we're collecting, or now maybe 16 or 17 percent, simply by savaging either defense or non-defense spending or entitlements.  And so I would certainly hope, Mr. Leader, that we would come together. You and I have talked about this a lot. Every Member goes home and says how bipartisan we're going to be.  On our side, I will tell you, we are prepared. We understand there are going to be things that we have to do that we won't like. On your side there will be things to do that you won't like. That will be a compromise. That's the definition of a compromise. Our country needs it. Americans want it.  I would hope that we could, in the coming days, not only address the sequester, but address the need, over the next 10 years, to get this country back to balance where we were in 2000, where we had a balanced budget, the debt was coming down, and, in fact, some people were concerned that it was coming down too fast.  