 President, a lot has been said tonight. Let me express what did happen.  In 1996, the State of California passed a deregulation law. Republicans and Democrats voted for that law. A Republican Governor signed the law. The law was badly flawed. It essentially deregulated the wholesale end of power and kept regulated the retail end. That was a mistake.  Additionally, it provided that 95 percent of the power of California would have to be bought on the spot or day-ahead market. It prevented the bilateral, long-term contracts which are a key part of the solution for California. And the flawed deregulation plan said that California had to buy power through something called a power exchange, which actually guaranteed a higher price for power. And the plan said that the utilities which had generation facilities would have to divest themselves of those generation facilities.  The law was a gamble. It gambled that spot power would be cheaper to buy than the price of bilateral contracts. In fact, that was not the case. There was not enough power supply to meet the demand, so the spot power prices rose dramatically.  I am one who strongly believes that you have to fix the marketplace; that you cannot deregulate on the wholesale end and not also deregulate on the retail end. Possible solutions include establishing a baseline rate, or realtime pricing, or tiered pricing, or something else. These possibilities would create an incentive for conservation and, in the long term, corrects the flawed power market.  The remedies before the State are slightly different than the way I would have gone. It does not mean it is better or worse, but it is a different way. Up to this point, the State has spent $3.9 billion in buying power. The State of California is willing to authorize funds to buy the transmission lines to enable the utilities to then secure their debt.  It is very easy to point fingers. It is very easy to castigate. It is very easy to call the State a lot of names. Nonetheless, I think the State should have the opportunity to work this situation out.  There is the rub. This amendment does not basically allow that because either advertently or inadvertently, itcreates a situation to which others will respond by driving the utility companies to bankruptcy.  Let there be no doubt--in my mind there is no doubt--that others will respond to this situation by pushing these companies into bankruptcy. If they have to go into bankruptcy, they are not going to go into 11 or 13 to repay the debt. They are going to go into 7 to dissolve the debt and simply get out of the business of power distribution. So I am afraid that Senator Wyden, Senator Smith, and even my colleague from the State of California, Senator Boxer--I am afraid this is going to be counterproductive and it is going to produce something which can be devastating to everyone.  If it were just me alone who said that, I would be too timid to stand up here and say that. I am joined by virtually all of the debtor and creditor community in saying it. I am even joined by some of the public utilities that Senator Wyden seeks to protect. The largest city in the State, Los Angeles, which produces its own power, does not support this because the city is worried about the same thing I am worried about.  I say give the State the time. Senator Wyden and I do appreciate this--says, all right, we will work with you to create a time. I would like an opportunity to see if that is possible without launching the assault on bankruptcy that I am afraid will come out of the passage of the Wyden-Smith amendment.  I represent the sixth largest economic power on Earth. If these utilities go into bankruptcy, as Senator Murkowski pointed out, it impacts hundreds of thousands of investors who have invested in the utilities, public retirement funds, other companies as well. It creates a situation which I think will have a major negative economic impact throughout the rest of the United States.  If the State were not assiduously trying to work out this problem, I wouldn't feel so strongly. If there was nothing being done to solve the problem, I wouldn't feel so strongly. But two utilities have agreed with the State on terms to purchase the transmission lines. Therefore, when the remainder of that purchase is completed, there will be the money available to pay Bonneville, to pay the Western Power Association, to pay the cogenerators, to pay other generators, to pay the natural gas suppliers. And I hope in the securitization of the back debt, the banks, the large New York banks will also feel that the arrangements are in place to see that they will get paid back. Bankruptcy, I do not believe, will solve this problem.  The degree to which this amendment would push these companies into bankruptcy, I think, is a gamble that is very unwise to take at this time.  