 President, I rise in support of the Kohl-Feinstein amendment to cap the homestead exemption at $125,000 for all States, and to eliminate from our bankruptcy laws a loophole so large that you could fit a $50 million mansion right through it.  This amendment will correct a longstanding discrepancy between the States, a discrepancy that on the one hand forces most debtors to struggle to pay back every dime they owe, but on the other hand allows many of the most ``wealthy'' debtors declaring bankruptcy to shield their assets in multi-million dollar homes.  The discrepancy I speak of occurs because in five States, Florida, Texas, South Dakota, Iowa and Kansas, where debtors are allowed to keep their homes no matter what they owe, or to whom they owe it, and no matter how much the home is worth.  The ``homestead'' laws in these five States differ radically from the other 45:  Many States have virtually no homestead exemption at all. In Michigan, for instance, the cap is $3,500; in Pennsylvania, just $300.  Other States, recognizing a benefit in allowing debtors some ability to remain in their homes as they dig out of bankruptcy, place slightly higher caps on their homestead exemptions and allow debtors to keep $15,000, $30,000, $60,000, or even $75,000 equity in their homes.  My own State of California has a sliding scale cap, ranging from $75,000 for most debtors to $125,000 for seniors.  Massachusetts and Minnesota have relatively high caps of $200,000, and Minnesota's cap even goes to $500,000 for farms, the highest cap of all the States that have at least some restriction on how much equity can be protected.  A vast majority of the 50 States have homestead caps of under $125,000, and this bill would do nothing to affect those States.  The glaring exceptions are those five cases where a State has chosen to allow debtors to hide assets in luxury homesteads and essentially avoid their obligations under Federal bankruptcy law.  What does this mean? This means that wealthy debtors facing bankruptcy can take their remaining assets, buy a home in one of those five States, and tell their creditors to get lost. Their assets are protected permanently.  Let me give an example of homestead abuse that has been highlighted in the press and even on ``Sixty Minutes.''  When this Wall Street financier and convicted felon finally declared bankruptcy, he listed more than $140 million in debts and only $15,805 in assets.  But one particular asset was not itemized, and the financier was not obligated to itemize it. That asset was his 37,000 square foot Florida mansion, worth an estimated five to $6 million.  This ``house'' has ten bedrooms, two libraries, a business center, a double gourmet kitchen, an indoor squash andracquetball court, an indoor basketball court complete with electronic scoreboard, a private movie theater, full weight and exercise rooms, a swimming pool, a spa, an outdoor entertainment area, game rooms, a nine-car garage, a lakefront gazebo, an elevator, 21 bathrooms, and a 6,000 square foot quest house.  The quest house alone has been described as a mansion in and of itself.  But in Florida, the entire home, 21 bathrooms and all, as well as the property on which it sits, is completely exempt from the bankruptcy laws. The ``bankrupt'' financier owes millions, but through careful planning he can continue to live like a king.  Meanwhile, his creditors can only stand outside the gates of the home and look with awe upon the home they paid for--$140 million in debts, and nothing his creditors can do.  And this case is not all that unique. Actors, Wall Street financiers, participants in felonious savings and loan scandals, and others, all have taken advantage of the homestead exemption loophole.  Essentially, these five States act as heavens for the most determined avoiders of debt, an escape of last resort for wealthy individuals who play fast and loose with their money.  A General Accounting Office study of bankrupt debtors who take advantage of the homestead loophole in Florida and Texas alone found that each year more than 400 wealthy debtors are able to protect more than $100,000 in equity in their home, at a cost to creditors of $120 million.  The bankruptcy reform bill as a whole attempts to increase personal responsibility by forcing more people to repay more of their debts. This goal is a good one, but the bill as drafted sends mixed signals.  To poor debtors struggling to climb out of bankruptcy and to simply put a roof over the heads of their family, the bill takes a stern view, debts must be paid back, assets must be sold, and you'll face some hard years ahead.  To more sophisticated debtors, many of whom had every advantage before making the bad, or even criminal, decisions that led to bankruptcy, the bill says that with a little planning, you can get away scot free.  This is just plain wrong.  This bankruptcy bill forces lower- and middle-class families to give up the family computer in many instances.  The bill takes your second television set and even family heirlooms.  The bill requires most debtors to enter strict payment plans to pay back even extraordinary medical or other debts incurred due to circumstances beyond their control.  Yet the homestead exemption allows sophisticated debtors to avoid repayment entirely.  This must be changed.  That is why Senator Kohl and I are proposing a cap of $125,000. For States that already have a cap of or below that $125,000 level, and this is almost every State in the Union, this amendment will do nothing to change current bankruptcy proceedings.  For those few States that have chosen to provide a safe haven for debtors fleeing from their creditors, this amendment will create a new, national cap that must be followed.  The last time the Senate considered a homestead cap, an even lower $100,000, we approved of the cap by an overwhelming margin.  The provision was watered down during a shadow conference so that in the end, the conference report and now this bill do virtually nothing to prevent debtors from shielding millions of dollars in luxurious mansions.  Some will argue that the current bill does provide a ``compromise'' homestead exemption cap.  As drafted, that cap only applies if a debtor purchases a home within two years of bankruptcy. Any good bankruptcy attorney will tell you that this provision can be easily avoided. In fact, dozens of professors and attorneys have told us just that. I ask unanimous consent that their letter be printed in the Record after my remarks.  