  As most of my colleagues know, I have had a longstanding interest in cancer. For me this fight is a personal one.  I lost my father and my husband to cancer. My current husband, Richard, lost both his parents to cancer. And I have lost a host of dear friends to this terrible disease.  With cancer, you're never the same after experiencing this with a loved one. You're determined to do something about it.  This is the major reason I was extremely disappointed when the current administration, soon after taking office, postponed the implementation of Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) new drinking water standard for arsenic earlier this year.  Arsenic has long been know as a carcinogen, a substance that produces cancer, and yet the current administration shelved the new rule in 58 days flat.  Administration officials explained that the reason for this postponement was to allow for additional scientific review. I find this position difficult to comprehend when one considers how much scientific review has gone into this ruling.  The Federal Government has studied arsenic for almost 40 years.  In fact, few government environmental decisions have been more thoroughly researched, over so many years, than the EPA's move to lower the allowable level of arsenic in drinking water from 50 parts per billion (ppb) to 10 ppb.  This standard was first proposed by the U.S. Public Health Service back in 1962. Over the next three decades, regulators weighed dozens of studies on the issue as they struggled to balance the health risks, which mostly include increased risk of cancer, with the costs of extracting the metal from drinking water.  We should take note of a recent report by the National Academy of Sciences. In this report the Academy concluded that the arsenic standard for drinking water of 50 ppb, set in 1942 before arsenic was known to cause cancer, ``does not achieve EPA's goal for public health protection and, therefore, requires downward revision as promptly as possible.''  In fact, the Academy reported that drinking water at the current EPA standard of 50 ppb ``could easily'' result in a total fatal cancer risk of 1 in 100 about 10,000 times higher than the cancer risk EPA allows for carcinogens in food.  And we should remember that children's increased exposures to environmental carcinogens, such as arsenic, are potentially even more serious.  Children's higher risk results from the fact that they breath more air, drink more water and eat more food per pound than do adults; for example, a child in the first six months of life consumes seven times as much water per pound of body weight as does the average American adult.  Therefore, a carcinogen has a much more significant impact on a child.  There are over 70,000 chemicals in common use today in the United States and several dozen known carcinogens, according to the Environmental Protection Agency.  Rachel Carson warned us in 1962, ``For the first time in the history of the world, every human being is now subjected to contact with dangerous chemicals, from the moment of conception until death.''  For those dangerous chemicals which we have the ability to limit from human exposure, such as arsenic in drinking water, we should absolutely take the necessary steps to do so.  