 President, I join in the tribute to Senator Coverdell. As a Senator from California, I found him to be a remarkable man. He was a humble man. In a way, he was a prototype of the Southern gentleman. He was a determined man; he was a skilled legislative craftsman. I was really delighted to have the pleasure to work with him.  Paul had a profound interest in improving the education of our young people. I worked with him closely as an original cosponsor of his Educational Savings and School Excellence Act, and during that time, I found him to be energetic. He was determined and,most importantly, I found him to be very easy to work beside. He was also very much above political correctness, and he strived to do what he thought was really doable, practical, and would help people.  Another common interest we shared was in reducing the amount of illegal drugs on the streets of America. In fact, we worked together on several antinarcotics efforts. We debated together in this Chamber the issue of certification. I was his Democratic cosponsor of the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act. This law made it easier to crack down on leaders of the major drug cartels operating in Latin America. I believe these efforts are paying dividends today because U.S. law enforcement is more able to close in on some of the cartel leadership.  Paul Coverdell knew these were important debates, and I will never forget because the Republican Party was in the leadership, and every time he called me, he asked if he could come to my office to talk with me. It was a very interesting effort on his part because the fact that he was willing to come to my office and sit down to have a discussion on an issue that we would work on together made me even more dedicated to the success of that effort.  I had a wonderful across-the-aisle relationship with Paul Coverdell. The Narcotics Kingpin Act, the educational savings account, and Excellence in Schools Act are a few specific tangible pieces of legislation on which he put his leadership stamp.  All I can say is: Paul Coverdell is missed in the Senate of the United States. I truly wish all of God's blessings on him. He was a wonderful man.  I thank the Chair.  