 President, I rise in support of final passage of the bankruptcy bill.  The Senate has worked on this legislation for over four years. The Judiciary Committee, on which I sit, has debated this issue again and again, and we have even sent a bill to the President although that bill was fatally flawed and was vetoed as a result.  This bill is by no means perfect. However, the bill now before us is better than the Conference Report we were faced with at the end of last year, and it is better and more balanced than the bill presented to us in the Judiciary Committee just a few weeks ago.  I believe that the modifications to the legislation made in Committee and on the Floor merit a ``Yes'' vote on final passage.  Since the bill's introduction, I have consistently supported its underlying goal of promoting personal responsibility--as, I think, has every member of this Senate. Debtors who can pay back what they owe, should pay what they owe or at least part of it.  Moreover, the bankruptcy code should not be a haven for irresponsible individuals who have recklessly accumulated debts by spending freely without regard to the consequences. After all, bankruptcy has a societal cost.  And although much has been made of the big credit card companies and banks, not every creditor is a big business. Many harmed by bankruptcy filings are small businessmen and women dry cleaners, home repair workers, and others.  An empirical review of bankruptcy filings indicates that reform is needed. Despite a recent drop, bankruptcy filings continue to remain at unacceptably high levels.  In 1980, individuals filed 287,000 bankruptcies.  In 1999, more than 1.3 million Americans filed for bankruptcy--an increase of 358 percent over 20 years. Bankruptcy has become so commonplace that more than one in a hundred households will file for bankruptcy this year.  The bill we are voting on today appropriately readjusts our bankruptcy laws so that bankruptcy filers must repay a portion of their debts, if they can do so. At the same time, the bill protects debtors below the median income who are truly in need of a fresh start.  This bill assists single parents with children in collecting child support debt from the bankruptcy estate. Philip Strauss, Principal Attorney of the San Francisco Department of Child Support Services, testified on this issue at a February 8, Judiciary Committee hearing, noting that the Bankruptcy Act of 2001 ``will enhance substantially the enforcement of child support obligations against debtors in bankruptcy.''  Specifically, the Bankruptcy Act of 2001 gives child support the highest priority of unsecured claims in a bankruptcy estate. Moreover, the bill prevents a debtor from confirming a bankruptcy plan if the debtor does not make full payment of any child support becoming due after the petition date.  This bill is significantly improved from the Conference Report I voted against in December. While I voted for the Senate-passed bankruptcy bill in the 106th Congress, I voted against the Conference Report because the shadow conference deleted key Senate-passed amendments and did not strike a fair enough balance between creditors and debtors.  For example, last year, the Conference Report deleted a Senate passed amendment that would prevent anti-abortion extremists from using bankruptcy laws to avoid paying civil judgements against them under the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act.  The FACE Act has led to successful criminal and civil judgements against groups that use intimidation and outright violence to prevent people from obtaining or providing reproductive health services. This amendment is crucial to protecting a woman's safe access to reproductive services.  This year, however, I am pleased that the Bankruptcy Act of 2001 has incorporated a modified version of the FACE amendment, and now makes ``non-dischargeable'' all debts incurred for harassing, obstructing, or other threatening violence against a person seeking any lawful goods and services, including access to reproductive health clinics. I appreciate the efforts of Senators Schumer and Hatch in coming to this agreement.  Additionally, this bill includes the Kohl-Feinstein homestead amendment, which places a nationwide $125,000 cap on the amount of money a bankruptcy filer can shield from creditors simply by buying a home. This amendment closes a loophole in bankruptcy code that permits wealthy bankruptcy filers to hide their assets in multimillion dollar estates.  This bill contains my amendment to curb abuses by bankruptcy mills. These operations, generally under the control of a non-attorney bankruptcy petition preparer, are often linked with price gouging of debtors, incompetent service, and remain a significant source of fraud in the bankruptcy system. California, in particular, has suffered from the abuses of these mill operators.  Bankruptcy courts will now have the authority to fine these mill operators $500 per violation, with triple fines if the mill operator does not tell debtor she was filing for bankruptcy or advises the debtor to hide assets. The amendment empowers the U.S. Trustee to take enforcement actions against the mills, sets maximum fees for petition preparers, and victims can sue for increased damages.  In addition, the Senate bill includes a compromise amendment I forged with Senator Sessions and Senator Feingold to balance the needs of landlords and tenants, when a tenant files bankruptcy.  Finally, this legislation contains my amendment directing the Federal Reserve Board to investigate the practice of issuing credit cards indiscriminately, without taking steps to ensure that consumers are capable of repaying their debt, or in a manner that encourages consumers to accumulate additional debt.  The amendment allows the Federal Reserve Board to issue regulations that would require additional disclosures to consumers, and to take any other actions, consistent with its statutory authority, that the Board finds necessary to ensure responsible industry-wide practices and to prevent resulting consumer debt and insolvency.  It was my hope that we could improve this bill even more--with limits on how credit card companies provide products to minors, and with disclosure and other requirements to give consumers the tools to handle the burdens of credit card debt. I also believe bankruptcy judges should have some discretion in applying the means test. Unfortunately, several such amendments failed.  So I do have concerns about this bill, and I know that I will make some people in my State unhappy by voting for it. I understand their point of view, and by voting for this legislation I am not turning my back on those concerns. I do think we should try this approach. If it turns out that this bill does not appropriately solve the current problems with our nation's bankruptcy laws, I will be on the front lines of the fight to reopen this debate and to fix the glitches.  Nevertheless, this bill is a necessary, reasoned approach to solving some real problems with our bankruptcy laws. Abuses are rampant. For many, bankruptcy has become a financial planning tool, rather than its intended use as an option of last resort. Something must be done, and I will vote for this bill.  