 President, there is also a consumer organization, one that I am familiar with because while I was Mayor of San Francisco I had occasion to work with them. This group is The Utility Reform Network. In their letter they state:       We are afraid this kind of legislation will harmfully      impact whatever negotiations are happening at the State level      to strike a balance that would cause all players to make some      sort of sacrifice so we can all move forward.  I have offered the testimony of the Governor of the State of California, who states that, yes, Senator Wyden's amendment would interfere with the negotiations that are going on today. The letter goes on to say:       Let the bankruptcy laws remain status quo ante, in order to      allow the settlement of all claims going forward. The Senate      should not modify laws that were in place during this period,      in order to choose winners or losers in California's energy      debacle. Either there will be a settlement at the State level      or the utilities will be forced to bankruptcy.  That is certainly correct.       If bankruptcy is the eventual solution, let the Federal      bankruptcy judge, applying the laws that were in place during      the crisis, resolve the equities.  I could not agree more, Mr. President.  I mentioned that right now the State of California is working diligently to ensure the utilities can make their payments. The State is negotiating to purchase the transmission assets of both of the investor-owned utilities in the State. This will provide an infusion of revenue into the ailing utilities that will enable them to begin to repay their creditors. If this amendment should trigger a run on the bank and generators or banks or other creditors find the only way they can protect their rights is to force a bankruptcy, the State of California will not be able to complete its plan to buy these transmission assets and have the utilities pay their debts.  I am very hopeful this situation will be resolved in short order. The State has already come to preliminary agreements, and these agreements will likely be finalized within the next few months. California's creditors are also hopeful that this process will improve the chances that they will ultimately be repaid for all the debt they have incurred.  I believe the public entities will be repaid. However, let me just say that some in the Northwest have charged that Bonneville Power Administration (BPA) has been forced to drain Federal reservoirs to supply power to California. I want to correct the record because those charges are mistaken.  In December 2000, when the Secretary of Energy, Bill Richardson, issued the emergency order to Western utilities to sell power to California, BPA helped, but it helped in a way that also benefits the Northwest. It was an energy capacity exchange. In other words, they helped California meet their peak loads. And California, by that agreement, sent twice the energy back, using their excess capacity at night. So that helped BPA keep more water in the reservoirs when BPA has stated they really needed it.  I am not critical of Senators Wyden and Smith for trying to protect their State. But what I am saying is, I have read almost a dozen letters from debtors and creditors intimately involved in the negotiations, all of whom oppose this. They do so because they believe it may well trigger a bankruptcy.  I have read from the utilities involved--Southern California Edison, Pacific Gas and Electric--who also say, wouldn't it be ironic if the Federal Government were inadvertently to trigger a bankruptcy?  I say to you that to move an amendment such as this at the time of critical negotiations is a huge mistake. I, for one, do not want to be responsible should it truly trigger both of these large investor-owned utilities to go into bankruptcy.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  