 President, let me begin quickly by going over current law, McCain-Feingold, the Thompson amendment, and the Feinstein-Cochran-Schumer amendment.  Under current law, candidates in hard money are limited to $1,000 per election or $2,000 a cycle. PACs are limited to $5,000 a calendar year, State and local parties to $5,000, national parties to $20,000, and the aggregate limit that any individual can contribute to all of the above is $25,000 a year. That is present law.  McCain-Feingold keeps the $1,000 limit, keeps the limit on PACs at $5,000. State and local parties are doubled to $10,000 per calendar year. National parties remain the same at $20,000 per calendar year. And the aggregate limit that an individual can contribute to all of the above is $30,000 a calendar year, or $60,000 a cycle.  The Thompson amendment changes that. The limit on an individual contribution goes to $2,500 an election or $5,000 a cycle. PACs go to $7,500 per calendar year. State and local parties stay the same as McCain-Feingold at $10,000. National parties double to $40,000 a calendar year or $80,000 a cycle. The aggregate limit is a substantial change. It goes from $50,000 per calendar year to $100,000 a cycle.  What Senators Cochran, Schumer, and I propose is as follows: that a candidate limit go to $2,000. That is a doubling of the $1,000 limit of current law. The PACs remain the same as McCain-Feingold and as present law at $5,000 a calendar year. The State and local parties remain the same as McCain-Feingold, and the national party's contributions remain the same as McCain-Feingold.  We differ with McCain-Feingold, and I will make clear why. We raise the aggregate per cycle, which is $60,000, under McCain-Feingold, to $65,000 a cycle. So we are just $5,000 more than McCain-Feingold. What we do in this cycle to allow for flexibility and also to allow for party building, we say of that $65,000, it is split as follows: $30,000 per election cycle can go to candidates, and $35,000 per election cycle to party committees and PACs. We also say the $2,000 cap on individual contributions would be indexed for inflation.  So the substantial differences between McCain-Feingold and Feinstein-Cochran-Schumer are on the candidate cap, which is doubled, which is from $60,000 to $65,000 with a split to encourage both giving to candidates as well as to parties, and indexing per election to inflation, which I happen to believe is extraordinarily important.  Right now, individuals may contribute $1,000 to a House or Senate candidate for the primary and another $1,000 for the general. As I said, we double that. We believe our amendment is necessary for the simple reason the $1,000 limit was established in 1974. It hasn't been changed since then. That was 27 years ago. Ordinary inflation has reduced the value of a $1,000 contribution to about one-third of what it was in 1974. The costs of campaigning have risen much faster than inflation.  In 1996, the Congressional Research Service cites figures to the effect that $4 billion was spent on elections in 1996, up from $540 million in 1976. So that is an eightfold increase in spending; an 800-percent increase in spending between 1976 and 1996.  Let me give some examples of how the cost of campaigning has soared since that thousand dollar limit was established three decades ago. The bulk mailing permit rate in 1974 was 6 cents per piece. Today it is 25 cents per piece. If you send out mail, that is a substantial increase in cost. In 1990, when I ran a gubernatorial campaign in California, a 30-second television spot run in the Los Angeles media market at 6 o'clock at night cost $1,800, one spot. Last year, when I ran for reelection to the Senate, the same spot cost $3,000. That is a 67-percent increase in the cost of one television spot in 10 years.  In 1990, a 30-second spot run in the Los Angeles media market during prime time cost about $12,000; by 2000, it cost $22,000. That is an 83-percent increase. So bulk mail has gone up dramatically, television advertising has gone up dramatically. If you come from a large State, you cannot run a campaign without television advertising and without some bulk mail.  The hard money contribution limits have been frozen now for 27 years. What has been the result? Is that result good or bad? Candidates, incumbents, and challengers have had to spend more and more time just raising money. What gets squeezed out in the process? Time with constituents or, in the case of challengers, prospective constituents. I don't think that is good for our democracy.  Personally, in just this past election alone we have had to have over 100 fundraisers, and that took a lot of time--time to call, time to attend, time to travel, time to say thanks. That was time I could not spend doing what I was elected to do.  So the task of raising hard money in small contributions, unadjusted for inflation, is indeed increasingly daunting. Particularly in the larger States, it is not uncommon for Senators to begin fundraising for the next election right after the present one, as they often find themselves dialing for dollars instead of attending to other duties. In my book, that is bad.  I think that presents us with a problem. Let's be honest with each other and the American people. Campaigning for office will continue to get more and more expensive because television spots are getting more and more expensive. Meanwhile, one of the effects of McCain-Feingold is that as we ban soft money, which I am all for, the field is skewed because one has to say: Can you still give soft money? Some would say no. That is wrong. The answer is: Yes, you can still give soft money. But that soft money then goes toward the independent campaign; into so-called issue advocacy. I think it is a very dangerous skewing of the field.  Spending on issue advocacy, according to CRS, rose from $135 million just 5 years ago, 1996, to as much as $340 million in 1998. Then it rose again to $509 million in the year 2000. So there has been almost a 400-percent increase in unregulated, undisclosed soft money-type dollars going into independent issue advocacy campaigns. That is the danger I see.  Remember, these figures are only estimates and are probably very conservative, since issue advocacy groups do not have to disclose their spending. It is likely that spending on so-called issue advocacy, most of which is thinlydisguised electioneering, probably is going to surpass all hard money spending, and very soon. It has already passed soft money spending. If we do not raise the limit on hard money contributions to individual campaigns, the pressure on the candidate and the party will grow exponentially.  Between 1992 and 2000, soft money jumped from $84 million to $487 million. In just 8 years, soft money increased sixfold.  Hard money has not. Clearly, that indicates the skewing of the playing field that I am trying to make the case against. Clearly, what that indicates is more and more people are turning to the undisclosed, unregulated, independent campaign which, increasingly, has become attack oriented.  There are some who do not want to increase hard dollars at all. To them I say if you do not increase hard dollars, you put every candidate in jeopardy. You put political parties in jeopardy.  What we have tried to do in this amendment is create an incentive for contributions to political parties for party building in the aggregate limit, for contributions to the individual within the aggregate limit, and also to give the candidates the opportunity to better use their time, to increase the hard cap, the contribution limit from $1,000 to $2,000.  Additionally, what the Feinstein-Cochran-Schumer amendment will do is move campaign contributions from under the table to over the table. Our amendment will make it easier to staunch the millions of unregulated dollars that currently flow into the coffers of our national political committees and replace a modest portion of that money with contributions fully regulated, fully disclosed under the existing provisions of the Federal Election Campaign Act. That is the value of this split, the raising from $60,000 per cycle provided for in McCain-Feingold to $65,000, providing that $30,000 per election would go to candidates and $35,000 for PACs and party committees.  McCain-Feingold is meaningful reform. I have voted for versions of it at every opportunity over the past several years. I commend both Senators McCain and Feingold. I support the soft money ban in S. 27. I support the Snowe-Jeffords provision in S. 27. I support the bill's ban on foreign contributions and the ban on soliciting or receiving contributions on Federal property.  Doubling the hard money contribution limit to individual candidates and creating these two new aggregate limits that are just $5,000 more than what is already in McCain-Feingold per election cycle will help level the playing field and better enable candidates to run for election with dollars that are all disclosed and regulated.  On March 20, on the floor of the Senate, Senator Feingold remarked:       We used to think that [$10,000] was a lot of money.      Unfortunately, given this insane soft money system, it is      starting to look as if it is spare change.  To an extent that is what has happened to the $1,000 limit.  It is very likely that candidates and their campaigns are going to have to live with what we do today for more than likely another 30 years, and costs are not going to drop in the next three decades.  Therefore, some ability to account for inflation, we believe, is both necessary and achievable.  Additionally, we believe that increasing the limit on individual contributions to Federal candidates would also reduce the need for political action committee--or PAC--funding by reducing the disparity between individual contributions and the maximum allowable PAC contribution of $5,000.  The concern about PACs almost seems unimportant now compared with the problem that soft money, independent expenditures, and issue advocacy presents. But we shouldn't dismiss the fact that PACs retain considerable influence in our system.  Again, from 1974 to 1988, PACs grew in number from 608 to a high of 4,268, and PAC contributions to House and Senate candidates from $12.5 million to $148.8 million--that is a 400-percent rise in constant dollars--and in relation to other sources, from 15.7 percent for a congressional campaign committee to 33 percent.  So, today, one-third of all congressional campaigns are fueled by PACs.  The amendment Senators Cochran, Schumer, and I are offering would also diminish the influence of PACs.  The underlying Thompson amendment would increase the PACs. And that takes us back to where we were a few years ago, which is a mistake.  The Feinstein-Cochran-Schumer amendment would reinvigorate individual giving. It would reduce the incessant need for fundraising. I believe it compliments McCain-Feingold.  Let me conclude.  As I pointed out last Monday when I spoke in support of the Domenici amendment, I just finished my 12th political campaign. For the fourth time in 10 years, I ran statewide in California, which has more people than 21 other States. These campaigns are expensive. I have had to raise more than $55 million in those four campaigns. And I can tell you from my personal experience that I am committed to campaign reform. And I am heartened to see that we are considering this bill, and I believe we will pass it on Thursday.  I believe this amendment will make that bill stronger. I believe it will help to level the playing field.  I believe if we pass a campaign spending bill without adding additional dollars of hard money to political parties and increasing the individual campaign limits, we skew the playing field so dramatically that the issue of advocacy and the independent campaign has an opportunity with unregulated large soft dollars to occupy the arena entirely.  That is a very deep concern to me.  With this amendment, a candidate has an opportunity to respond to an attack ad. With party building, a candidate has an opportunity to tell their political party they need help, that they are being attacked by the X, Y, or Z group that is putting in $5 million in attack ads against them, that they need the party's help. Individuals can respond through the party on an increasing basis with flexibility because the limit is for the election cycle and not the individual calendar year.  That gives an opportunity for parties to raise disclosed regulated hard dollars.  Without this--again, as one who has done a lot of campaigns now--the playing field becomes so skewed that the independent campaign and the attack issue advocacy effort has an opportunity to dominate the political arena.  Mr. President, I would like to yield the floor and hope that you will recognize my cosponsor, the distinguished senior Senator from the State of Mississippi.  