 President, I rise today to express my support for the resolution to approve the bilateral trade agreement signed by the United States and Vietnam on July 13, 2000. I believe this agreement is in the best interests of the United States and Vietnam and will do much to foster the political and economic ties between the two countries.  Under the terms of the agreement, the United States agrees to extend most-favored nation status to Vietnam, which would significantly reduce U.S. tariffs on most imports from Vietnam. In return, Vietnam will undertake a wide range of market-liberalization measures, including extending MFN treatment to U.S. exports, reducing tariffs, easing barriers to U.S. services, such as banking and telecommunications, committing to protect certain intellectual property rights, and providing additional inducements and protections for inward foreign direct investment.  These steps will significantly benefit U.S. companies and workers by opening a new and expanding market for increased exports and investment. Just as important for the United States, this agreement will promote economic and political freedom in Vietnam by bringing Vietnam into the global market economy, tying it to the rule of law, and increasing the wealth and prosperity of all Vietnamese.  I share the concerns many have expressed about the human rights situation in Vietnam. No doubt, there is a great deal of room for improvement. Nevertheless, I am a firm believer in the idea that as you increase trade, as you increase communication, as you increase exposure to western and democratic ideals, you increase political pluralism and respect for human rights. The more you isolate, the greater the chance for human rights abuses.  I believe the United States will continue to address this issue and use the closer ties that will come from an expanded economic and political relationship to press for significant improvement of Vietnam's human rights record. We owe the people of Vietnam no less. In addition, as I have stated above, I believe that this agreement will promote economic opportunity and the rule of law in Vietnam which will have a positive effect on that country's respect for human rights.  Mr. President, this agreement is another step in the normalization of relations between the United States and Vietnam that began with the lifting of the economic embargo in 1994 and the establishment of diplomatic relations the following year. Let us not take a step backwards. We have the opportunity today to ensure that this process continues and the political and economic ties will grow to the benefit of all Americans and all Vietnamese. I urge my colleagues to support the resolution to approve the United States-Vietnam trade agreement.  