 President, I am pleased today, along with Senator Sessions of Alabama, to reintroduce the James Guelff Body Armor Act for the fourth consecutive Congress.  This bill closes a glaring gap in our criminal law that permits individuals with even the grimmest history of criminal violence to use body armor. It is unquestionable that criminals with violent intentions are more dangerous when they are wearing body armor, and are more difficult for police to disarm and disable.  This bill is named in memory of San Francisco Police Officer James Guelff. On November 13, 1994, Officer Guelff was shot to death in a fire-fight by aheavily armed gunman wearing a bullet-proof vest and kevlar helmet on a major street corner in San Francisco. Because of his protective gear, the assailant was subsequently able to hold off over a hundred police officers.  California is not the only state where heavily armored criminals have assaulted police officers and the community.  In 1999, Officer James Snedigar of the Chandler, Arizona Police department was shot and killed by a gunman firing an AK-47 who was also protected by a kevlar vest.  In March of 2000, Deputy Ricky Kinchen of Atlanta, Georgia, was killed in a shootout with a gunman who wore a bulletproof vest.  On July 15, 2000, Sergeant Todd Stamper of the Crandon, Wisconsin police department, was killed in a gun fight by a heavily armed man wearing a kevlar helmet and body armor.  Lee Guelff, James Guelff's brother, wrote to me about the need to revise the laws relating to body armor. His words eloquently explain the need for the legislation:       It's bad enough when officers have to face gunmen in      possession of superior firepower. * * * But to have to      confront suspects shielded by equal or better defensive      protection as well goes beyond the bounds of acceptable risk      for officers and citizens alike. No officer should have to      face the same set of deadly circumstances again.  Our laws need to recognize that body armor in the possession of a criminal is an offensive weapon. Police officers serving on the streets should have ready access to body armor, and hardened-criminals need to be deterred from using it.  The James Guelff Body Armor Act of 2001 has three key provisions. First, it directs the United States Sentencing Commission to develop a penalty enhancement for criminals who commit violent crimes while wearing body armor. Second, it prohibits violent felons from purchasing, using, or possessing body armor. Third, this bill enables Federal law enforcement agencies to directly donate surplus body armor to local police. I will address each of these three provisions.  I. Enhanced criminal penalties for wearing body armor during violent crimes.--Criminals who wear body armor while engaged in violent crimes deserve enhanced penalties because they pose an enhanced threat to police and civilians alike. Assailants shielded by body armor can shoot at the police and civilians with less fear than individuals not so well protected.  The James Guelff Body Armor Act directs the United States Sentencing Commission to develop an appropriate sentence enhancement for wearing body armor during a violent crime. The bill also expresses the Sense of the Senate that any enhancement should be at least two levels.  II. Prohibiting violent felons from wearing body armor.--This section makes it a crime (up to three years in jail) for individuals with a violent criminal record to wear, possess, or own body armor. It is unconscionable that criminals can obtain and wear body armor without restriction when so many of our police lack comparable protection.  To account for those rare circumstances when a felon may need body armor as part of a lawful occupation, the section provides an affirmative defense against prosecution if the felon wore armor after obtaining permission from employer, and possession of armor was necessary for safe performance of lawful business activity.  III. Direct donation of body armor.--The James Guelff Body Armor Act of 2001 also empowers Federal agencies to expedite the donation of body armor to local police departments.  Far too many local police officers do not have access to bullet-proof vests. The United States Department of Justice estimates that 25% of State, local, and tribal law enforcement officers, approximately 150,000 officers, are not issued body armor.  Supplying local police officers with more body armor will save lives. According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, greater than 30% of the approximately 1,300 officers killed by guns in the line of duty since 1980 could have been saved by body armor, and the risk of dying from gunfire is 14 times higher for an officer without a bulletproof vest. Body armor saves an estimated 150 police officers' lives each year.  The James Guelff Body Armor Act is backed by law enforcement officers all across America. Organizations representing over 500,000 police officers have endorsed the legislation. These organizations include the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Sheriff's Association, the National Association of Black Law Enforcement Executives, the National Troopers Coalition, the International Brotherhood of Police Officers, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the Police Executive Research Forum, the National Association of Police Organizations, and the International Association of Police Chiefs.  I look forward to working with my colleagues to enact this legislation.  