 President, I am encouraged that the Senate is poised to pass legislation bolstering security at our Nation's 361 seaports. I thank the members of the Senate Commerce Committee for their hard work on this bill.  While often out of the public eye, ports and harbors across the United States are America's economic gateways. Every year, U.S. ports handle over 800 million tons of cargo, valued at approximately $600 billion. If you exclude border commerce with Mexico and Canada, our ports handle 95 percent of U.S. trade. Two of the busiest ports of the nation are in California, at Long Beach and Oakland.  Yet, just 1 or 2 percent of the 11 million shipping containers reaching our ports are inspected each year. The Federal Government has taken steps to beef up security along our northern and southern borders. And we are addressing aviation security. But just about everything that arrives by ship is waved through.  This bill will strengthen law enforcement at our ports by establishing a federal port security task force and providing more funding for local efforts to boost port security. It is crucial that we increase cargo surveillance and inspections. And it is crucial that we provide our Customs agents and other port security forces with the equipment needed to detect chemical, biological, and nuclear weapons of mass destruction, WMD.  Osama bin Laden has stated that he considers it his ``religious duty'' to obtain such weapons.  Earlier this month, the director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency warned, ``The willingness of terrorists to commit suicide to achieve their evil aims makes the nuclear terrorism threat far more likely than it was before September 11th.'' According to the Agency, there have been 175 cases of trafficking in nuclear material since 1993 and 201 cases of trafficking in medical and industrial radioactive material. Sadly, it is no longer beyond the pale to imagine that bin Laden and his associates might try to smuggle a nuclear device or so-called ``dirty bomb'' onto a cargo ship entering one of our busy seaports and then detonate it.  I was prepared to offer an amendment to make it quite clear that references in the bill to chemical, biological, or other weapons of mass destruction include nuclear devices.  