 President, I rise to join my colleagues. Very frankly, my heart is filled with a great deal of mixed emotions. On the one hand, I want this country to smash back. On the other, I want us to be sure that we are on firm ground, that we know what we are doing, and that we are successful in our mission.  Yesterday was one of the darkest days I can remember. Many have speculated that the loss of life may well only be exceeded by the battle, 1-day battle at Antietam during the civil war. It will certainly be more than the loss at Pearl Harbor.  One of the things that I have recognized, and what should be abundantly clear, I think to all of us, is that there are those out there without a heart who are willing to carry out this kind of attack, and to do it with malevolence and cunning that defies conscience and humanity. That is really what we are up against.  I really consider what happened in New York and at the Pentagon to be adeclaration of war against the United States. I believe we must respond accordingly in a well-considered military way.  I join the President, the congressional leadership, and particularly Secretary of State Colin Powell, whose remarks this morning share that same determination.  Let there be no mistake. This attack was deliberately planned. It was planned to have the largest possible impact and to maximize the loss of innocent human life.  The terrorists deliberately selected the largest planes with the greatest fuel loads to create the biggest explosion, to kill the most people, and to do it at a time of day when that would happen.  They deliberately selected important symbols--one, the military headquarters of the United States, and the other a major center of American economic entrepreneurism.  What is now emerging is genuine acts of heroism aboard our planes. Heroism aboard UAL Flight 93, which left Dulles International Airport, may well have prevented Flight 93 from striking the White House or the United States Capitol.  Californians were aboard that plane. One Californian, Thomas Burnett of San Ramone, phoned his wife. He told her the flight was doomed but that he and two other passengers were determined to do something about it. ``I love you honey'' were Burnett's last words to his wife. He said, ``I know we are all going to die, but there are three of us who are going to do something about it.'' He worked for a company called Thoratec. He leaves three children. You might say he and others made the ultimate sacrifice.  Yesterday firmly establishes in my mind that the major threat and No. 1 national security problem facing the United States is the asymmetrical attack, the unconventional and unpredictable horrific act of terrorism.  I don't believe America can be a paper tiger in response. I think the United States should spare no effort to uncover, to ferret out, and to destroy those who commit acts of terrorism, those who provide the training camps, who shelter, who finance, and who support terrorists. Whether that enemy is a state or an organization, those who harbor them, who arm them, who train them, and permit them must, in my view, be destroyed.  It is interesting to note that 3 weeks ago the British press carried articles which said that the bin Laden operation was prepared to launch--and this a quote--``an unprecedented attack against the United States.'' We know that the organization is wanted as well for two prior major terrorist attacks against the United States.  It seems to me that there is a good indication we will shortly find who is responsible for this act of war against our country. And then we must strike back against them hard.  It is also critical that America lead an international effort that makes clear to all nations that countenance terrorism, that harbor terrorists, that aid and abet their actions, that that country is an enemy of the United States.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have a couple additional minutes.  