 President, this amendment directs that Title I funds be used only for academic instruction. It is true that for the most part title I funds are used for academic instruction. It is also true, though, that money often goes for other purposes, and this amendment would clarify the purposes for which Title I funds can be used by school districts.  The amendment states that the funds be used to improve academic achievement, to help students meet State achievement standards. Permitted uses would include corrective actions to improve student achievement, extending academic instruction beyond the normal school day and school year, including summer school, employing teachers and instructional personnel, providing instructional services to pre-kindergarten children to help them transition to kindergarten, purchasing instructional resources, conducting or obtaining professional development, and developing curriculum, for example.  What is explicitly not permitted is the purchasing or leasing of facilities or vehicles with Title I funds, purchasing or providing facilities maintenance, janitorial, gardening, or landscaping services, paying for utilities, constructing facilities, acquiring real properties, buying food or refreshments, or travel to and attendances at conferences except for travel and attendance necessary for professional development.  The purpose of this amendment is to take these critical funds and see that they go where they should go, which is toward the core curriculum and the teaching of and learning by youngsters. I believe the amendment will be accepted.  Current law on Title I is much too vague.  It says,       A State or local educational agency shall use funds      received under this part only to supplement the amount of      funds that would, in the absence of such Federal funds, be      made available from non-Federal sources for the education of      pupils participating in programs assisted under this part,      and not to supplant such funds.  Basically, it says that Title I funds are to be used for the ``education of pupils.'' That is just too nebulous.  The U.S. Department of Education has given states a guidance document that explains how Title I funds can be used. Permitted uses are for the following: instructional practices; counseling; mentoring; developing curricula; salaries; employee benefits; renting privately-owned facilities; janitorial services; utilities; mobile vans; training and professional development; equipment; interest on lease purchase agreements; travel and conferences; food and refreshments; insurance for vehicles; and parent involvement activities.  Under this guidance document, only two uses are specifically prohibited: construction or acquisition of real property; and payment to parents to attend a meeting or training session or to reimburse a parent for salary lost due to attendance at ``parental involvement'' meeting.  I believe we should give the Department, states and districts clearer guidance in law. My reason for introducing this amendment is this: Our students are not learning; our schools are failing our children. We must use our limited federal dollars for the fundamental purpose of education: to help students learn.  A January 2001 study by Education Weekly, titled ``Quality Counts 2001: A Better Balance,'' brought more bad news about California's students. Here's what the report found:  In fourth grade reading, 20 percent of students are proficient and 52 percent are below the basic standard.  In eighth grade reading, 22 percent of students are proficient and 36 percent are below the basic standard.  Comparing California to other states, in how well fourth grade students read, California ranks 36 out of 39 states. In eighth grade reading, California ranks 32 out of 36 states.  Nationally, the news is similarly distressing:  U.S. eighth graders are out-performed by their counterparts in math and science from Japan, Korea, Hong Kong and Singapore, Australia, and Canada.  American twelfth graders performed in mathematics better than student inonly two countries, Cyprus and South Africa.  In writing, 75 percent of U.S. school children cannot compose a well-organized, coherent essay, according to the National Assessment for Education Progress in September 1999.  We have to put a stop to this bad news. Fortunately, the bill before us takes some strong steps and with this amendment, it will take even more.  While it is difficult to ascertain how Title I funds are always being used, we do know of a few examples that raise questions in my mind:  In Alabama, according to the Citizens' Commission on Civil Rights, ``dipped into Title 1 to pay the electric bill and for janitorial services.''  While most of Title I's $8 billion appear to be spent on instruction, the Los Angeles Times, in a March 12, 2000 editorial, said, ``About half that amount is wasted on unskilled though well-meaning teacher aides, who are often more babysitter than instructor.''  Title I has been used ``to pay for everything from playground supervisors and field trips to more time for nurses and counselors,'' according to the San Diego Union-Tribune, March 16, 2000.  California school officials have told my staff that Title I has been used for pay for clerical assistants in school administrative offices, payroll staff, truant officers, schoolyard duty personnel, school bus loading assistants, ``curriculum coordinators,'' ``compliance,'' attending conferences, and home visits.  By offering this amendment, I am not suggesting that Title I funds are being wasted across the board.  In fact, an August 2000 report by the Department of Education says, ``Most--77 percent--of Title I funds were used for instructional resources,'' for example, to hire teachers and to provide instructional materials. That is good.  But that report also says, that 12 percent of funds or $835 million in 1998, were used for ``program administration.'' Since this report does not provide more specificity, it is difficult to tell exactly what these funds were used for, but I do think we have to question whether we want $835 million spent on administration of this program.  Another report, a draft by the Citizen Commission on Civil Rights, found that in the Fresco, California, school districts, ``15 percent [of Title I funds remains in the district office.'' It goes on to say that funds are also used for ``supplies, two case workers, Saturday schools, and breakfast and lunch programs for about 800 homeless students.'' This is just one example and while these uses probably most certainly contribute to a child's education, it is my view that Title I cannot do everything.  That is why I am trying to better focus Title I funds on academic instruction, teaching the fundamentals and helping disadvantaged children achieve.  Federal funding is only seven percent of total funding for elementary and secondary education and Title I is even a smaller percentage of total support for public schools. We must get the most that we can educationally for our limited dollars. It is time to better direct Title I funds to the true goal of education: to help students learn. This is one step toward that goals.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  I yield the floor.  