 President, I rise in support of Senate passage of the James Guelff and Chris McCurley Body Armor Act. This bill is named after two police officers who were killed in the line of duty by criminal assailants wearing body armor.  I thank Senator Sessions, Senator Hatch, and Senator Leahy, among others, for working so diligently with me to craft and pass this bipartisan legislation.  I would also like to recognize Lee Guelff, brother of James Guelff, as well as the many other individuals who worked tirelessly on behalf of this legislation.  I introduced this legislation almost six years ago in response to the death of San Francisco police officer James Guelff. on November 13, 1994, Officer Guelff responded to a distress call. Upon reaching the crime scene, he was fired upon by a heavily armed suspect who was shielded by a kevlar vest and bulletproof helmet. Officer Guelff died in the ensuing gunfight.  The James Guelff and Chris McCurley Body Armor Act is designed to deter criminals from wearing body armor, and to distribute excess Federal body armor to local police.  Lee Guelff, brother of Officer James Guelff, wrote to me about the need to revise the laws relating to body armor. He wrote:       It's bad enough when officers have to face gunmen in      possession of superior firepower . . . But to have to      confront suspects shielded by equal or better defensive      protection as well goes beyond the bounds of acceptable risk      for officers and citizens alike. No officer should have to      face the same set of deadly circumstances again.  I strongly agree with Lee.  The legislation has three key provisions. First, it directs the U.S. Sentencing Commission to provide an appropriate sentencing enhancement for any crime of violence or drug trafficking crime in which the defendant used body armor.  Second, it makes it unlawful for a person who has been convicted of a violent felony to purchase, own, or posses body armor.  It is unconscionable that current laws permit felons to obtain and wear body armor without restriction when so many of our police lack comparable protection.  Finally, the bill enables Federal law enforcement agencies to donate surplus body armor (approximately 10,000 vests) directly to local and state police departments;  Far too many of our local police officers do not have access to body armor. The United States Department of Justice estimates that 25% of State, local, and tribal law enforcement officers, approximately 150,000 officers, are not issued body armor.  Getting our police officers more body armor will save lives.  According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, more than 30% of the 1,200 officers killed by guns in the line of duty since 1980 could have survived if they wore body armor.  This bill has the support of organizations representing 500,000 law enforcement personnel nationwide including: Fraternal Order of Police; National Association of Police Organizations; National Sheriff's Association; National Troopers Coalition; International Association of Police Chiefs; Federal Law Enforcement Officers Assn; Police Executive Research Forum; International Brotherhood of Police Officers; Major city Chiefs; and National Assn. Black Law Enforcement Executives.  Once again, I commend the Senate for passing this important and long overdue legislation.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  