 President, I regret that I have to strongly oppose the amendment of the distinguished Senator from Alaska. I recall both in the committee and in the Senate Chamber hearing the distinguished Senator from Alaska talk about supply, particularly in view of the electricity and natural gas portion of the energy crisis that faces this Nation.  One of the things we in California have learned is that the electricity crisis is a forerunner of what is going to happen with water.  California has 35 million people. It is the largest high-tech State and the largest agricultural producing State. It has a need for high-quality water for high-tech, and it does not have enough water.  Just last week, this Senate debated the Klamath with an endangered species issue involving both the coho salmon and the suckerfish. The Bureau of Reclamation had to cut off water for farmers, and 1,500 farmers on both sides of the Oregon-California border essentially could not plant.  This is not going to be an isolated incident. We are going to see this happen up and down the Central Valley if we do not act smart, if we do not work smart, if we do not move to improve the water supply, to work smarter on the big pumps on the California Water project, if we are not able to recharge our ground water and, respectfully, if we are not able to take from the wet years and store that water to use in the dry years.  The Senator is precisely going after this money so that we cannot build the storage we need. The three projects that he mentioned: Raising Shasta Dam--that is a dam that is already there--raising the Los Vaqueros Reservoir, which is for reasons of water quality. There is a need for water quality both for the people in the area as well as what is supplied to the high-tech industry. That is Los Vaqueros. And the third is a delta wetlands project to provide water for the Central Valley water community.  He mentioned that there is no authorization. CALFED was authorized, he is correct. The authorization has expired. Tomorrow we have a hearing in the committee on a bill he mentioned which I have authored to provide the necessary authorization. There are three bills in the House.  I believe we are going to authorize this project. Not to do so would be a terrible mistake.  I must correct the Senator on one point. He mentioned $8 billion in the authorization. This is not correct. Although the bill says ``such sums as may be available,'' the fact is the Federal share would be $3 billion and the State share $5 billion.  The point of what I am trying to do in the authorization bill is have all segments of the project--the ecosystem restoration, which is necessary for fish, the environmental water account, which is there to avoid an additional takings issue, as well as the storage and the water quality improvements--moved together concurrently so there is a balanced plan to move on the California water issue prior to the time it becomes a real crisis and the fifth largest economy on Earth is put out of business.  I plead with the Senator from Alaska not to take these dollars, particularly from the storage project. Unless we can take water from the dry years and save that water and use it for the wet years, California has no chance of solving its problem. We have 34 million people, projected to be 50 million people, and we have the same basic water infrastructure we had when we were 16 million people. That is why this isn't going to work.  The chairman of the committee, the distinguished Senator from Nevada, has worked very hard to be helpful. I am enormously grateful to him. He has worked in a prudent way to meet the need, I think knowing we are going to be able to produce an acceptable authorization vehicle in this session.  Once again, I am willing to work with the Senator from Alaska. I am willing, as an appropriator, to try to help find other funds. His project is worthy. His offset is not.  I yield the floor.  