 President, I rise today in support of the Export Administration Act of 2001 and urge its passage.  Congress has not reauthorized the Export Administration Act on a permanent basis since 1990, and for close to a decade the export of dual-use goods--items with both civilian and possible military applications--have been governed in an ad hoc way by the President using Executive orders under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act and without a comprehensive regime in place to monitor exports.  Such an approach creates obvious problems in trying to assure that the proper balance is struck between the need of U.S. businesses to be competitive in the international economy and the need to prevent sensitive technologies that have military applications from falling into the wrong hands.  The Export Administration Act will allow the U.S. government to effectively focus attention and exert control over sensitive technologies that have military implications, improve the export control process, and enhance national security.  The major provisions of the Export Administration Act of 2001 will:  Give the President the power to establish and conduct export control policy, and direct the Secretary of Commerce to establish and maintain the Commerce Control List of items that could jeopardize U.S. national security and to oversee the licensing process for items on the Control list.  Authorize the President to impose national security controls to restrict items that would contribute to the military potential of countries in a manner detrimental to U.S. national security, directing the Secretary of Commerce, with the concurrence of the national security agencies and departments, to identify items to be included on a National Security Control List. This strengthens the hand of the national security agencies in the export licensing process by giving them for the first time a formal procedure by which to be involved in this process.  Provide specific control authority based on the end-use or end-user for any item that could contribute to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.  Authorize the President to set aside ``foreign availability'' or ``mass-market'' determinations in the interests of national security, and establish an Office of Technology Evaluation to gather, coordinate and analyze information necessary to make to these determinations.  Establish procedures for the referral and processing of export license applications, and establish an interagency dispute resolution process to review all export license applications that are the subject of disagreement.  Declare it U.S. policy to seek and participate in existing multilateral export control regimes that support U.S. national security interests, and to seek to negotiate and enter into additional multilateral agreements. Given the wide availability of some of these dual-use items, multilateral agreements are critical to assure that they do not fall into the wrong hands.  Establish new criminal and civil penalties for knowing and willful violations of the export procedures.  By streamlining and bringing transparency to the licensing process this legislation, then, strikes a good balance between assuring that the export licensing process is good for trade, the U.S. economy, and jobs, and national security concerns.  This legislation is supported by the President and has been endorsed by the Secretary of Defense, by the Secretary of State, and by the President's National Security Adviser. It also has the support, I believe, of the majority of my colleagues.  Mr. President, I urge the Senate to move forward with passage of the Export Administration Act.  