 President, I am very concerned about unsafe Mexican trucks entering the United States and endangering American motorists. I have no doubts that there will be accidents and lives will be lost.  I very strongly believe that the U.S. Senate must stand firm and do everything in our power to make sure trucks are not allowed to travel throughout the U.S. unless they comply with all U.S. safety rules and regulations. This includes making sure Mexican drivers hold valid drivers licenses, retain adequate American insurance, and abide by U.S. hours of service limits.  Right now on our border, even if a Mexican truck crossing into the United States is inspected, the safety inspector has no idea how long the Mexican driver has been driving. I believe we should not let a driver who has been driving 20 hours into the United States because doing so would endanger American lives.  I have spoken with the Mexican Ambassador on this issue, and we both agreed that Mexican trucks should meet all U.S. laws. I don't want to discriminate against Mexican trucks, but we need to have the proper procedures in place before these trucks expand their travel throughout the United States. There are clearly not enough inspections at the border right now because only 1 or 2 percent of the trucks crossing the border are given safety inspections.  I believe strongly in this issue, and I raised these concerns with Senator Murray, the Chairman of the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee, and I think she has done an excellent job to include provisions to address safety while still ensuring the language is NAFTA compliant.  The Murray-Shelby provisions will keep our highways safe, while meeting our obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement.  I strongly believe that we must make safety the highest priority and that is exactly what the Murray-Shelby provisions do.  Last year, more than 5,300 Americans died in accidents involving commercial trucks. As the Department of Transportation's Inspector General said last Wednesday, 5,300 fatalities would mean an airline crash every two weeks.  Now just think about that. If there were a catastrophic transportation incident every 2 weeks, would we want to do something to worsen the danger and increase fatalities? I hope we wouldn't, but that is exactly what we are doing if we allow the Bush Administration to proceed and open up the entire U.S. highway system to Mexican trucks.  Mexican trucks pose significant safety threats when out on the roads. U.S. safety inspectors have found that, on average, 36 percent of the Mexican trucks inspected have significant safety defects. This means over one-third of all Mexican trucks have serious safety violations, such as defective breaks, inoperative steering, and bald tires. Truck drivers might also not have a valid drivers license, lawful insurance, or logbooks to document how many hours they have been driving without sleep.  True, U.S. trucks have an ``out-of-service'' rate of over 20 percent, but the rate for Mexican trucks at 36 percent is still well above the U.S. average.  More importantly, safety inspectors can only evaluate 1 or 2 percent of the 4.5 million trucks that cross the U.S.-Mexican border each year.  I believe that until our Nation has the people and the infrastructure at the border necessary to inspect Mexican trucks sufficiently, they must be contained in the 20-mile commercial zone where they now operate.  There are three different approaches to address how to keep our roads safe:  First, the House has said, ``no matter what, keep the trucks out.'' On June 26 the House passed an unconditional ban on Mexican trucks, and that is one option.  Second, the administration and Senators working with the administrationon this issue have said, ``open the border as soon as possible.'' Now, they do call for some safety requirements and some enforcement to be in place, but this is not an issue where we should provide a half-loaf solution.  And third, there is the option that I support--the option chosen unanimously by the members of the Appropriations Committee--to put safety first and not open the border until specific safety requirements are in place.  The Senate Appropriations Committee has provided $103.2 million not approved by the House to pay for more resources at the border. The bill includes $13.9 million for additional safety inspectors, $18 million for grants to border states, and $71.3 million for facilities along the U.S.-Mexican border.  Even with the steps being taken, the Department of Transportation's Inspector General has said that ``additional actions are needed to reasonably ensure the safety of commercial vehicles and drivers as they enter at the southern border, operate within the commercial zone, and traverse the United States.''  To address these concerns, the Appropriations Committee included comprehensive safety provisions in this bill. Most importantly, Mexican trucks will stay within the commercial zone and off all other U.S. highways until they meet the safety standards demanded by American motorists.  Specifically, under the bipartisan Murray-Shelby provisions, Mexican carriers will be given full safety reviews before they will be allowed to operate in the United States and the Department of Transportation will keep a watchful eye on how they operate once they are found to be safe carriers through a follow-up safety audit.  In addition, the following steps must be taken by the Department of Transportation and the 190 Mexican carriers that are awaiting permits to send their trucks throughout the United States:  The Department of Transportation must:  Certify that all border crossings have complete coverage by trained inspectors during all operating hours;  Certify all 80 new border inspectors as ``safety specialists'';  Provide adequate facilities to conduct inspections and place unsafe trucks out of service;  Conduct a sufficient number of inspections to maintain safe roads; and  Certify that there is an accurate system to verify Mexican drivers licenses, vehicle registrations, and insurance certificates on the border.  Mexican carriers must:  Comply with U.S. hours-of-service rules so that U.S. inspectors know how long a trucker has been driving when they arrive at the border; and  Provide proof of valid insurance granted by a U.S. firm.  It is essential to recognize that the Murray-Shelby provisions don't open the border until safety standards are met, but the Bush administration wants to open the border as soon as possible and monitor safety while trucks are operating throughout the United States.  Should we not err on the side of caution and have our inspectors and infrastructure in place before Mexican trucks are allowed north?  As I mentioned, I have met with the Mexican Ambassador, Juan Jose Bremer, on this issue and we both agree that Mexican trucks should meet U.S. safety standards.  Because--at this stage--Mexican trucks present a greater danger than other trucks on our roads, we must protect American motorists.  I am encouraged by the steps Mexico has taken to work with the United States--not just on this issue, but on others as well. Yet, I am a strong supporter of the provisions authored by Senator Murray because I believe some more steps need to be taken on both sides to address safety before Mexican trucks travel throughout the United States.  