 President, I thank my distinguished colleague from Arizona for those comments. He is very hard working, and it has been a great pleasure for me to be able to work with him. He and I hope to sit down with Senators Kennedy and Brownback next week. I think all four of us believe that if it is possible to have one bill, we would like to have one bill. We have taken on the technology aspect of our bill. But bottom line, the Senator from Arizona is correct, our Nation has essentially been laid back when it comes to matters of really scrupulously trying to set up a system that can provide a measure of protection for our national security.  It has become very clear now, post September 11, that we must take steps to do so. Otherwise, we are derelict in our duty to protect American citizens. This bill does it.  Because the student visa part of it has been somewhat controversial, this morning I was visited by the chancellor of the California State University system. This is the largest system in the United States, with about 380,000 students. He came in to indicate his support for our bill, for the acknowledgment that he knows that schools across America also have to assume more responsibility to see that there is a system where there is some regulation.Right now, a student can apply to a number of schools, get accepted to a number, and show up at none. And there is no reporting.  We would change this. The university association will be supportive of these changes.  I am very optimistic that we have an opportunity, in meeting with Senators Kennedy and Brownback, to put together one bill that could provide some reform to a porous visa entry system.  As I said, I sit as the chair of the Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Technology, Terrorism and Government Information. Last month, we held a hearing into the need for new technologies to assist our government agencies in keeping terrorists out of the United States.  The testimony at that hearing was very illuminating. We were given a picture of an immigration system in chaos, and a border control system that acts like a sieve. Agencies don't communicate with each other. Computers are incompatible. And even in instances where technological leaps have been made--like the issuance of more than 4.5 million ``smart'' border crossing cards with biometric data--the technology is not even used.  Let me give some specific examples of the testimony we heard before our subcommittee:  There are 29 countries that now participate in a ``visa waiver'' program that invites 23 million visitors a year to our country. Travelers from these countries do not have to get a visa before entering the United States, so nobody knows when they arrive, and nobody knows whether they leave. Passports don't have to be machine-readable or tamper-proof, and the result is millions of people coming and going with no accountability, and no way to find them if they choose to stay and do mischief.  We also heard in our subcommittee that the student visa program is unregulated and subject to abuse and fraud. Schools don't keep track of students, the INS does not find out when the students leave or whether they even show up for classes, and many students overstay their visas by years. Furthermore, students who apply to many schools can receive multiple documents--called ``I-20'' forms--giving them the right to entry. Because they only need one of these forms, the possibility for fraud is enormous. Additional forms are sold, and many enter the country with no real plans to go to school here at all.  In our hearing, Mary Ryan, the Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs, said that the lack of information sharing is a ``colossal intelligence failure'' and that the State Department ``had no information on the terrorists from law enforcement.'' Personally, I am amazed that a person can apply for a visa, be granted a visa, and that there is no mechanism by which the FBI or CIA can enter a code into the system to raise a red flag on individuals known to have links to terrorist groups and pose a national threat. In the wake of September 11th, it is hard for me to fathom how a terrorist might be permitted to enter the U.S. because our government agencies aren't sharing information.  This was one, sobering hearing. It made it clear to all who were present that our borders act only as a sieve, essentially allowing easy access to all who would do us harm. Something must be done, and something must be done now.  When I arrived in the Senate in 1992, I brought with me the concerns of millions of Californians about the porous nature of the Southwest border. When I tried to address the problems there, I met with the same response over and over again--``nothing can be done.''  But something was done, and our Southwest border is now far more difficult to transit.  Here, too, I am now told that ``nothing can be done'' to keep terrorists from entering the country on student visas, or through the visa waiver program, or through some other program. I am told that commerce and trade are too important. Or that the technology simply does not exist. Or that the agencies involved are incapable of cooperating in a way that would keep our country safe from those who try to enter.  Well, I did not accept those arguments then, and I do not accept them now. There are things we can do to solve some of these problems, and this issue is too important to wait.  Let me talk about how this legislation would address these problems.  First, the most important piece of this solution is the creation of one, central database containing all the information our government has about foreign nationals who cross the border into the United States. Private industry can help in this effort--in fact, I recently met with Larry Ellison, Chairman of Oracle, who wrote me a letter offering the services of his company, free of charge, in the creation of the necessary software.  Right now, our government agencies use different systems, with different information, in different formats. And they often refuse to share that information with other agencies within our own government. This is not acceptable.  When a terrorist presents himself at a consular office asking for a visa, or at a border crossing with a passport, we need to make sure that his name and identifying information is checked against an accurate, up-to-date, and comprehensive database. Period.  My legislation will require the creation of this central database, and will require the cooperation of all U.S. government agencies in providing accurate and compatible information to that system.  Incidentally, this legislation also contains strict privacy provisions, limiting access to this database to authorized federal officials. And the bill contains severe penalties for wrongful access or misuse of information contained in the database.  Second, the legislation I will introduce will include concrete steps to restore the integrity to the immigration and visa process, including the following:  First, the legislation requires all foreign nationals to be fingerprinted, and, when appropriate, submit other biometric data, to the State Department when applying for a visa. This provision should help eliminate fraud, as well as identify potential threats to the country before they gain access.  Second, we include reforms of the visa waiver program, so that any country wishing to participate in that program must quickly provide its citizens with tamper-proof, machine-readable passports, eventually with biometric data to help verify identity at ports of entry.  Third, we establish a robust ``SmartVisa'' program. Newly issued visas must contain biometric data and other identifying information--like more than 4 million already do on the Southwest border--and, just as importantly, our own officials at the border and other ports of entry must have the equipment necessary to read those new smart cards.  Next, we worked closely with the university community in crafting new, strict requirements for the student visa program, to crack down on fraud, make sure that students really are attending classes, and give the government the ability to track any foreign national who arrives on a student visa but fails to enroll in school.  The legislation prohibits the issuance of a student visa to any citizen of a country identified by the State Department as a terrorist-supporting nation. There is a waiver provision to this prohibition, however, allowing the State Department to allow students even from these countries after review and evaluation.  We require that airlines, cruiselines, buslines, and other transportation services provide passenger and crew manifests to law enforcement before arrival, so that any potential terrorists or other wrongdoers can be singled out before they arrive in this country and disappear into the general populace.  The bill contains a number of other related provisions as well, but the gist of this legislation is this:  Where we can provide law enforcement more information about potentially dangerous foreign nationals, we do so;  Where we can reform our border-crossing system to weed out or deter terrorists or others who would do us harm, we do so;  And where we can update technology to meet the demands of the modern war against terror, we do that as well.  As we prepare to modify our immigration system, we must be sure to enact changes that are realistic andfeasible. We must also provide the necessary tools to implement them.  Our Nation will be no more secure tomorrow if we create new top of the line databases and no not see to it that government agencies share critical information.  We will be no safer tomorrow if we do not create a workable entry-exit tracking system to ensure that terrorists do not enter the U.S. and blend into our communities without detection.  And we will be no safer if we simply authorize new programs and information sharing, but do not provide the resources necessary to put the new technology at the border, train agents appropriately, and require our various government agencies to cooperate in this effort.  We have a lot to do and I am confident that we will move swiftly and with great care to address these important issues. The legislation I introduce today is an important, and strong, first step. But this is only the beginning of a long, difficult process.  I urge my colleagues to support us on this legislation. I yield the floor.  