 President, I rise in support of the amendment offered by my colleagues Senators Bayh and Snowe to create a ``trigger mechanism'' to make sure that the tax cuts we are considering here today will not endanger the projected surpluses or undo the hard work and hard choices of the past decade which have allowed us to eliminate deficits and pay down the debt.  The Congressional Budget Office has projected a unified budget surplus over the next 10 years of some $5.6 trillion, with a $3.1 trillion on-budget surplus. These projected surpluses provide the basis for the consideration of the tax bill before us today.  Indeed, the unprecedented economic expansion of the past decade and our current and projected budget surpluses have provided an unparalleled opportunity for the Congress and the administration to take action to provide all working Americans with a reduction in their taxes, pay down the debt, and meet urgent domestic priorities such as health care, education, and the environment, and to do so in a fiscally responsible way.  And although there are many elements of the reconciliation bill as reported out of committee which I support--marriage penalty relief, for example--one of my concerns with this tax bill is that there is little margin for error if the surpluses not materialize.  In January 2000 the CBO baseline surplus estimate was $3.2 trillion. In January 2001 the estimate was $5.6 trillion, a $2.4 trillion change. There is no guarantee that these projections will not swing back in the other direction and, in fact, there is $4 trillion difference in surplus projections between the CBO baseline and the CBO ``pessimistic'' scenario.  Now, I am not saying that the pessimistic scenario is likely. But I do believe that we have to be cautious.  When I first came to the Senate in 1993 we were facing mounting deficits and an ocean of red ink. It took a lot of hard work and a lot of tough decisions to get spending under control. I am proud of what we accomplished, and don't want to go back to a situation where instead of paying down the Federal debt as we are now we are once again incurring more and more debt.  That is why I support this amendment, which creates a trigger mechanism that would make the implementation of the tax cuts--or any new large spending increases--dependent on the surplus projections actually materializing and continued success in meeting debt reduction targets.  The amendment creates a review mechanism for Congress to make sure that as we proceed with implementing the elements of the tax cuts in this legislation that the surpluses have actually materialized and that phasing-in new elements of the tax package would not set us back down the road to deficits and growing debt. Should the surplus drop, and we do not meet debt reduction targets, the tax cuts scheduled to phase-in the following year would be delayed by one year.  The advantage of this approach is that it makes tax cuts dependent on fiscal discipline and provides a brake against runaway spending. It is a safety valve against a return to deficits. In fact, Federal Reserve Chairman Greenspan endorsed this approach in testimony before the Senate earlier this year.  We have a great opportunity to provide tax cuts to the American people. We need to take advantage of this opportunity, but we must do so in a way that is fiscally responsible. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan trigger amendment.  