  In its original form, Section 128 repealed language from last year's Omnibus Indian Advancement Act, language that circumvented the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act's commonsense protections and regulatory safeguards against the inappropriate siting of Class III, Nevada-style casinos.  Late last year, a one-paragraph provision was attached to the Omnibus Indian Advancement Act granting land in trust to a single Indian tribe, the Lytton band, and permitting them to move forward on plans to establish a Nevada-style gaming establishment in San Pablo, CA, on a site that is not part of and is not adjacent to land traditionally held by the Lytton band of Indians. In fact, this site is in a major urban area just outside of San Francisco, neither in nor near the Lytton band's reservation. This was done without regard to Federal laws currently in place to regulate the siting of such a casino. Now, language that would have originally repealed that granting of land in trust merely states that the Lytton band must follow the Code of Federal Regulations for Class III gaming, which they would have had to follow anyway.  I have serious reservations about the expansion of Class III gaming in urban areas, and I am particularly against off-reservation gambling. These off-reservation casinos cause counties additional costs in public and local services, often intrude in residential areas, and are increasingly causing local concerns ranging from traffic congestion to additional crime.  Currently, California has 109 separate and independent tribal governments, of which 46 have operational casinos. Three more casinos are currently under construction. Additionally, 20 tribes have compacts with the state and are proposing casinos, and 10 more are in negotiations with the Governor for a tribal state compact for Class III gaming. Finally, 54 more tribes are petitioning or involved in congressional acts to be federally recognized to promote a casino.  Circumventing the processes for Federal recognition of tribal governments and for granting land into trust presents a variety of serious and critical multi-jurisdictional issues--issues which can negatively affect the lives of ordinary citizens and deprive local government of their political power to protect those whom they govern. The Indian Gaming Regulatory Act has provided this Nation with a fair and balanced approach to Indian casinos by facilitating tribal plans for economic recovery without compromising a multitude of factors that should be taken into account when deciding on the siting of such a large, Nevada-style casino. IGRA works. It is a fair process that should be followed.  