 President, a month ago I voted in support of the budget resolution which passed the Senate and which contained $688 billion in discretionary spending for fiscal year 2002 and $1.18 trillion in tax cuts.  I continue to support the elements of the tax package that made for half of the budget agreement. I support providing broad-based tax relief, eliminating the marriage penalty, and providing significant estate tax reform. And I believe that a stimulus package will be important in assuring that the economy does not slip into a recession.  But it was the allocation of resources in the Senate budget resolution--particularly funding for education programs--that made it possible for me and many of my colleagues to support the tax cuts.  Without the allocation of adequate spending to allow us to meet pressing domestic needs, especially in education, it seems to me that the other half of the understanding that made my support of the budget resolution is now missing.  As I understand it, the conference report currently before the Senate, provides discretionary budget authority of $661.3 billion ion 2002, $27 billion below the amount agreed on by the Senate, and even below the amount that the CBO estimates is needed to keep pace with inflation.  In fact, overall funding for all non-defense discretionary spending is $5.5 billion less than last year's level, adjusted for inflation.  And on education, the bottom line appears to be that although the President's budget included an increase in education spending, the conference report which is currently before the Senate does not.  There is no new funding for education in the conference report, and, in fact, the discretionary education totals in the budget resolution are nearly $1 billion less than the increases provided in the President's budget.  There is no new funding provided for Head Start, and only minimal increases for Title I and the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, IDEA. This is not an approach which is calibrated to ``leave no child behind.''  And while it is true that this conference report provides up to $6.2 billion in additional unallocated discretionary budget authority for funding domestic priorities beyond the President's budget request, which some have argued can all be used on education, discretionary education funding is only one of the priorities that this money will be needed for. This $6.2 billion is all that is available for all domestic priorities, not just education.  I supported the Senate budget resolution because I thought that it represented a good balance at a time of unprecedented surpluses, providing both significant tax relief and making significant investments in our children and in our nation's future.  This conference report, unfortunately, no longer contains that balance, and I find that I cannot, in good conscience, support it.  