 I believe that this legislation is one essential component in a series of steps that Congress has taken, and will continue to take, to address the tragic and horrific attacks of September 11, 2001.  So far, Congress has taken considerable action in the wake of the unprecedented events last Tuesday. Congress condemned the violence in a joint resolution, Congress authorized the President to use ``all necessary and appropriate force'' to retaliate for the acts of war against our Nation, and Congress approved $40 billion to rebuild from the rubble and prevent further acts of terrorism during this time of great peril.  These are the steps Congress has taken so far, but they are not the last of what we will do, or what we need to do to mitigate the damage and destruction.  The next step we must take is to pass this financial relief package. Once this is passed, Congress will need to consider legislative solutions on other matters stemming from the September 11 attacks. For example: What long-term changes do we need to make to our aviation security system? How can we establish stricter guidelines on issuing visas? How do we build up our homeland defense against more deadly terrorist attacks in the future? What can we do to stimulate more consumer spending, more job creation, and more investment in this time of uncertainty?  The events of September 11 demand that Congress and the President work together to remedy the devastation the attacks have inflicted upon our safety, our economy, and our livelihood. The legislation before us today is part of the comprehensive action Congress must take to help our Nation reclaim unprecedented growth of which we know our economy is capable.  The terrorist attacks of September 11 have dealt a crippling blow to the airline industry. This package of assistance is essential to keep the airlines up and running because they are an important component to our Nation's economy. Airlines are the very backbone of our transportation infrastructure enabling people and goods to flow freely and quickly across our Nation.  Airline travel and air cargo shipments interconnect our global economy and contribute a significant amount of jobs to the U.S. Economy. Consider the following: Approximately 1.2 million people work for the airlines in this country. Last year about 670 million passengers traveled on commercial airlines and the industry provided over 25 billion ton miles of freight delivery. The U.S. commercial aviation industry contributes over 10 percent of the Nation's GDP.  Yesterday, David Walker, Comptroller General of the United States, testified before the Commerce Committee. According to Mr. Walker, ``The continuation of a strong, vibrant, and competitive commercial air transportation system is in the national interest. A financially strong air transportation system is critical not only for the basic movement of people and goods, but also because of the broader effects this sector exerts throughout the economy.''  The contributions airlines make to our economy are clear, yet the industry estimates that the overall impact of the terrorist attacks will cost $24 billion and companies may be forced to lay off over 140,000 employees. Airline stocks plummeted when the market reopened Monday and they have continued to fall this week.  Secretary Mineta has indicated that the industry has been losing $300 million a day in lost revenue since Tuesday, September 11. Some financial analysts predict the airline industry will lose $6.5 billion this year, triple the $2.2 billion loss that was expected.  The ripple effect of the terrorist attacks is clear. Once people stop flying, airlines cut back on flights. Lighter flight schedules mean airplanes lie idle and companies' employees lose their jobs. Fewer flights mean airlines do not need as many new planes or airplane parts. So it comes as no surprise that this week, Boeing announced 30,000 employees would lose their jobs.  I have received many letters asking me to support this plan before the Senate, and I believe it is important to point out that the vast majority of these letters are not from airline employees, but rather, from workers whose jobs are indirectly dependent on airlines.  One such letter is from G. Hardy Acree, the director of Sacramento County's airports. Mr. Acree wrote, ``Quality air service is critical to our community. Without it, Sacramento County's economic development and tourism industry will suffer, and the growth we've worked so hard to sustain will be lost. This is an issue whose impact goes well beyond the airline sector.''  The same could be said for all of California's 58 counties and, in fact, for every one of the 3,142 counties across the Nation.  The economic impact is spreading beyond U.S. borders. London-based Virgin Atlantic Airways said it must trim its operations by 20 percent and lay off 1,200 employees, the first ever layoffs for the company in its 18 years of existence.  Just as the problems are not confined to one region, they are not confined to one industry. The president of the American Society of Travel Agents, Richard Copland, wrote to tell me of the tremendous losses suffered by the travel agencies across the U.S. According to Mr. Copland, ``There are many other groups of firms that are normally thought of as separate `industries' but that in fundamental reality are an integral part of what airlines do. Travel agencies are among those.''  Travel agencies, hotels, cruises, and many other industries directly depend on the airline industry. And there is almost no business that does not indirectly depend on the airlines. How else do employees meet with clients? How else do goods ship overnight?  As Jonathan Tisch, chairman of the Travel Business Roundtable, wrote, ``The link that airlines provide to the travel and tourism industry cannot be underscored enough. Airlines are the conduit for so many industry activities, bringing travelers to hotels, resorts, restaurants and shopping in cities and towns around the country.''  I want to acknowledge Mr. Tisch's point, the collective ripple effect airlines have on the entire economy is immense. I would like to ask my colleagues and constituents to think of this legislation, not as a bailout plan, but as a relief package. It is just compensation for the direct damage inflicted on the airline industry and the U.S. economy as a whole.  One more point I would like to make is that since my husband is on the board of an airline company, the easiest thing for me to do would be not to vote on this legislation. The SenateEthics Committee, however, has assured me that voting on this bill is not a conflict of interest for me because there will be a wide range of beneficiaries from this legislation.  Furthermore, at this time, the economic ramifications are as such that I am compelled to vote on this bill because I strongly believe it is in the national interest to do so.  We have allocated billions to rebuild in New York and Virginia. Let us also allocate billions to rebuild our Nation's economy.  