 President, today in New York the United Nations convened the conference on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All its Aspects, the first effort by the U.N. to address the pressing issue of small arms trafficking.  The mass proliferation of small arms--shoulder-mounted missiles, assault weapons, grenade launchers, high-powered sniper rifles and other tools of death--is fueling civil wars, terrorism and the international drug trade throughout the world.  The grimmest figures come from developing countries where light, cheap and easy to use small arms and light weapons, such as AK-47s and similar military assault rifles, have become the weapons of choice of narco-traffickers, terrorists and insurgents.  The problem is staggering: An estimated 500 million illicit small arms and light weapons are in circulation around the globe, and in the past decade four million people have been killed by them in civil war and bloody fighting.  Nine out of 10 of these deaths are attributed to small arms and light weapons. According to the International Committee of the Red Cross, more than 50 percent of those killed are believed to be civilians.  Starting today, the United Nations will host a conference on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All its Aspects. At this conference, the U.N., for the first time, will seek to devise international standards and procedures for curtailing small arms trafficking. It is an issue of extreme importance to the United States. Not only because of the violence and devastation itself, but because of the threat these weapons pose to our political, economic and security interests.  The volume of weaponry has fueled cycles of violence and been a major factor in the devastation witnessed in recent conflicts in Africa, the Balkans, and South Asia, among other places. These conflicts undermine regional stability and endanger the spread of democracy and free-markets around the world. Here are a few examples.  In Mexico a lethal flow of guns south from the United States has fed that nation's drug war. Hundreds of thousands of weapons over the last decade have flooded into Mexico from the United States. Authorities recently traced a sale of 80 Chinese assault weapons from a San Diego gunshop to a Tijuana weapons dealer for $27,000. Many of these ended up in the hands of the Arellano Felix drug cartel and are believed responsible for at least 21 deaths, including two infants, six children and a pregnant 17- year-old girl shot and killed during a mass murder at Rancho el Rodeo in September 1998.  In Albania more than 650,000 weapons and 20,000 tons of explosives disappeared from government depots in the three years leading up to the outbreak of violence in the Balkans, according to the U.N. The continued presence of the weapons poses a very real threat to NATO and U.S. peacekeepers in the region.  And in Colombia, the continued instability is in part due to the torrential flow of rifles and pistols to rebel groups and drug gangs who have used the imported weapons to murder judges, journalists, police officers, as well as innocent passers-by.  The increased access by terrorists, guerrilla groups, criminals, and others to small arms and light weapons puts in jeopardy U.S. law enforcement efforts, business people based or traveling overseas, and even U.S. tourists.  In approaching the United Nations Conference, it is critical that the U.S. government negotiate and support making the trafficking of small arms traceable and eliminate the secrecy that permits thousands of weapons to fuel crime and war without anyone's knowledge of their source.  It is my hope the United Nations will move to create international procedures to control the proliferation of small arms and light weapons. The United States has some of the strongest arms export controls in the world, and it is in the U.S. interest to see that those standards are equaled by the world community.  In addition, the United States has a moral responsibility to push for the development of measures that stop weapons from winding up in the hands of abusive government forces, terrorists and drug-traffickers.  Specifically, the U.S. Government should champion a conference program of action that mandates countries' early negotiations on legally binding procedures: a Framework Convention on International Arms Transfers that sets out export criteria based on countries' current obligations under international law; and an International Agreement on Marking and Tracing that develops systems for adequate and reliable marking of arms at manufacture and import and record-keeping on arms production, possession and transfer.  The Program of Action must also include the establishment of regional and international transparency mechanisms and concrete steps to achieve improved implementation and enforcement of arms embargoes.  United States leadership should ensure that the conference is the first step, not the last, in the international community's efforts to control the spread of small arms and light weapons.  