 President, last week I reported that C Sugar, the only sugar refinery on the west coast, that had employed 1,000 people, closed its doors for 5 days. Its cost of steam went from $450,000 a month to $2 million a month. I would like to update that report. That company is now looking for a special bridge loan. If it is unable to find that loan, the only sugar refinery on the west coast will have to permanently close its doors.  These complaints are all centered on natural gas prices. People have not yet been hit with the 40-percent increases planned for the average ratepayer in electricity this month. This does not even address gasoline prices which some are predicting may reach $3 a gallon in California this summer. Sothings are going to get a lot worse before they get better.  The California Independent System Operator has said that the State will be 2,000 to 5,000 megawatts short in meeting its energy needs. In other words, millions of homes and businesses are at risk of being blacked out, maybe every day. This affects traffic lights, ATMs, farmers, assembly lines. It affects vineyards; it affects small hospitals--and the list goes on and on.  Since January, the State Department of Water Resources has been purchasing all of California's power needs because of the poor financial condition of the State's utilities. Last week, I updated my colleagues in the Senate on the amount the State has spent so far to keep the lights on. At that time, it was $5.2 billion. In the last week, that number has gone up by $1 billion, to $6.2 billion. And the State continues to buy power at the rate of $73 million a day.  The implications of these high power prices are devastating to the State. In fact, State budget officials are already making deep cuts in California's $105 billion budget that the Governor will sign into law in late June. Last week, the California State Senate Budget Committee chairman called on the Budget Committee to come up with a list of cuts totaling $2 to $4 billion to compensate for higher energy costs so far.  I would like to put the costs in perspective. California, as I said, is spending $73 million a day on power. How much is that? It is enough to fund the annual budget of the Santa Ana Police Department. It is one-fourth of the cost to run California's entire judicial system for 1 year. It would provide health coverage for almost 300,000 working families in the State. And it is gone in 1 day.  As I have said before, the major problem was a flawed deregulation bill passed in 1996 called AB 1890. However, the State is doing today all it can to increase supply and reduce demand. The State will have an additional 3,572 megawatts on line by the end of the summer and an additional 6,923 megawatts on line before the end of 2003, and by 2004 the State expects to add 20,000 more megawatts. That is enough power for 20 million additional homes.  The problem is in the interim. The problem is the absence of price stability. The State spent $7 billion in 1999 for energy--total--$32 billion in the year 2000, and it is estimated to spend $65 billion in 2001. Simply stated, this is the result of price gouging. Simply stated, it is a Federal responsibility to provide a period of reliability and stability in price before we bankrupt every industry in the State of California and close businesses from Eureka to San Diego. The Pacific Northwest is in the same crisis, and the Midwest and other regions will be as well, unless the FERC takes action.  Yesterday, the Commission ordered the Williams Company to refund $8 million for withholding power. This is the first action of its kind. The Commission found that this generator improperly shut down plants with the implicit understanding that withholding power from the market would drive up prices. Even to the most conservative Member in this body, this is evidence of manipulation of the market in California to drive up energy prices. The FERC found it, and the agreement was that Williams will pay $8 million in a refund.  This firm has admitted no wrongdoing in the settlement. However, it should be clear that what was alleged was that they took key generating units in Long Beach and Huntington Beach offline in April and May of last year. Williams said it settled to end the matter and that they would have been exonerated had FERC pursued the case. Initially, FERC had sought a refund of about $10.8 million but settled for the $8 million in the compromise agreement.  Today, Pacific Gas and Electric, a very large investor-owned utility, is in bankruptcy in chapter 11. Southern California Edison, the distributor of power to 11 million people, is very close to bankruptcy. Should the agreement forged by the Governor not go through, that utility will be in bankruptcy.  Yesterday, a divided State senate appropriations committee approved a bill that would impose a windfall profits tax on electricity sellers who gouge California consumers. Revenue from the tax would flow back to Californians in the form of a credit on their State income tax, starting next April 15. On a 7-3 vote, Democrats on the committee voted for the bill, Republicans lined up against it. The measure moved to the Senate floor, where it will require a simple majority of 21 votes and is expected to pass. The Governor has said he is open to signing a windfall profits bill, but he has not publicly lobbied for the passage of the bill.  Yesterday, the Vice President made an energy speech. I would like to say a few things about it.  In his first extensive remarks about the energy recommendations his Cabinet-level task force will make to the President by the end of May, the Vice President blamed current shortages on shortsighted decisions in the past. The Vice President said that conservation, while perhaps ``a sign of personal virtue,'' does not make for sound or comprehensive policy. The Vice President promised ``a mix of new legislation, some executive action as well as private initiatives'' to cope with rising energy prices and growing demand. He definitely rejected turning to price controls, tapping the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, or creating new bureaucracies.  Over the next two decades, it will take between 1,300 and 1,900 new power plants--or one every week for 20 years--just to meet projected increases in nationwide demand, Mr. Cheney said. And he said, ``Without a clear, coherent energy strategy for the nation, all Americans could one day go through what Californians are experiencing now, or even worse.''  I have been really disappointed and surprised with this administration's attention to the energy crisis. I have written to the President three times now asking to meet with him and explain the situation. So far, he has not yet agreed to meet with me.  The Vice President and the Energy Secretary through this Presidential Task Force are talking about how the Federal Government is going to help. However, adding 1,600 new power plants over the next 20 years is not the answer we need. Nobody questions that we need more supply in the long term. But we have a situation where prices have been spiking for almost a year in California and about 6 months in other parts of the Northwest, where the Northwest is experiencing the driest hydro year on record. This is where we need the help.  This is where the Federal Government has a duty to help. California and the Northwest badly need a period of stability and reliability, and this is where the Federal Government can help. I argue that this is where the Federal Government has a duty to step in and protect consumers from being gouged. As I said, California is adding 20,000 new megawatts itself which is the equivalent of forty new average-sized plants, without any Federal prompting.  Lastly, I am also quite surprised that the Vice President, in his remarks yesterday, essentially said that wind, solar, geothermal and other renewable energy sources are still too far into the future and the future is all fossil fuels.  Even if that were true, the truth of the matter is that nuclear power, for instance, takes years and years to cite and there is nothing this administration can do to help with the supply we need this summer and next summer.  I, again, urge my colleagues to support Senator Gordon Smith and I and force FERC to take action and address the problem. The alternative may be an economic disaster for the entire country this summer.  