 President, the point I am trying to make is that there is no environmental law that is holding up either the approval or the functioning of any generation facility in the State of California. Also, I have written the CEOs of all of the energy generators that sell power to California and I have confirmation of this. I have not heard of one single example that contradicts Secretary Hickox's statement. So I believe that California is really doing all it can right now to maximize energy supply, to reduce its demand, but it is still not likely to be enough for the summer.  Now, this summer we are projected to have a shortfall on a warm day, with all plants operating, of 2,000 megawatts. On a hot day, with some plants down, the shortfall is estimated to be 10,000 megawatts. That could well be a serious disaster. Because hydropower in the Northwest is also low, there will also be shortages in other Western States as well. Our State has already experienced several days of rolling blackouts, and when a blackout hits, it means traffic lights go out, elevators stop, fuel pumps are down, food begins to rot, and production stops. The economic losses are measured in billions, and there well could be loss of life.  Let me put price on the table. This chart shows that in 1999 the total cost for energy in the State of California was $7 billion. In the year 2000, those costs became $32 billion. The cost predicted for energy to the State of California in 2001 is $65 billion.  Look at this cost jump in 3 years. This is the problem--this deregulated wholesale market has run amok, and there are no controls. If the FERC has found these prices to be unjust and unreasonable and refuses to regulate, what happens this year with these prices and no regulation? So the situation we are in is inordinately serious.  I want to make a couple of points about natural gas. Natural gas stocks are low everywhere, and the price for natural gas for most of the country is averaging about 3 times more than the historic average. However, in Southern California, the prices are 8 to 9 times higher. CN Sugar, a refiner in Crockett, CA, generally pays about $450,000 a month for its steam generated through natural gas.  During the peaks of this past year, $450,000 a month has risen to $2 million a month. That plant can employ 1,000 to 1,200 people. That plant cannot continue to operate under these conditions.  There is a real problem in the transportation costs of natural gas because they are not transparent and because profits are hidden. The transportation of natural gas, the cost of moving gas from, let's say, San Juan, New Mexico, to San Diego has always been regulated. When it was, that cost was about 70 cents per decatherm.  If natural gas is selling for $5 in San Juan and it costs 70 cents to transport it to southern California, when it gets to southern California it should be selling for no more than $5.70.  The price of natural gas today in San Juan, NM, is $4.80. However, the price in southern California today is $14.71. In northern California it is $9.59. Something is clearly wrong. This price need be no more than $6 per decatherm, not $14.71.  In February of 2000, the FERC decided to experiment, and it removed the cap on the transportation of natural gas for 2\1/2\ years, believing the market would actually drive down the price. Clearly, the opposite happened. The absence of transparency allowed companies to withhold parts of that natural gas transportation pipeline just for the purpose of increasing prices, and prices have risen.  Senator Gordon Smith and I, along with Senator Bingaman, Senator Cantwell, Senator Murray, and Senator Lieberman, introduced legislation yesterday directing FERC to do its job. The legislation says that since you, FERC, have found the prices to be unjust and unreasonable, you must now do your job and you must set either cost-based rates on a temporary basis or a rate cap on a temporary basis for the western grid within 60 days.  It requires that those costs must be passed on to the consumer in a manner that the State believes just. The cost can be staggered over years and passed on through real-time pricing, tiered pricing, or by setting a baseline, but it must be passed on, again, to create a functioning marketplace.  The bill also requires that all future orders to sell natural gas or electricity to an affected State must include a reasonable assurance of payment.  We believe this is a bill that must be passed by this body. The Energy Committee has had two hearings on the subject, and I am hopeful this body will pass this bill in a timely manner. The inability or failure to do so I think is going to create a human and an economic disaster in the Western States come summer because these costs, not only of natural gas but electricity, in the hot months are going to be serious and extraordinarily high.  I thank the Chair for the opportunity to give this status report. I end by particularly thanking Senator Smith of Oregon. He has worked with me in a bipartisan way. He has gone with me to see members of the committees on the House side. He has stood very solid and steady in support of this legislation. I am very proud to have him as a major cosponsor. I also thank the Senators from the great State of Washington and the Senator from Connecticut who also recognize what this problem is and are determined to do something about it.  I yield the floor.  