 President, I said that California families under the Senate bill will pay 40 cents more per gallon of milk. That is according to the California Department of Food and Agriculture. That represents a net cost to the industry of $1.5 billion over the 9 years of this bill.  Do we really want to make it more expensive for parents to provide calcium to their children? Do we want to deprive the elderly of nutrition that strengthens bones, fights cancers, stops osteoporosis? Do we want to make families cross milk off their grocery list because it costs too much? I don't think so.  For Californians, the legislation is a double-edged sword. Not only will a mother in Los Angeles be paying more every week at the grocery store, but a father who runs a dairy farm in Modesto will see his income slashed, if this bill becomes law. For one co-op, this represents a loss of $71,000 per dairy farm.  The payment formula may be complicated and crafty, but the winners and losers are clear. California is targeted by this bill to be a loser.  Like other goods, a higher price established for fluid milk by law--not the market--will cause families to buy less, as I said, and cause suppliers to get an improper price signal to produce more. If there is too much drinking milk in the marketplace, it spills over to compete against milk used to produce cheese, butter, milk powder, and other dairy products.  Prices for milk are based on how the milk is used, which is referred to as ``ultimate utilization.'' Since over 80 percent of the milk in California is used to produce these dairy products, any excess milk will drive down the prices received by California dairy producers. Other States with small dairies can take advantage of government subsidies no matter what the milk goes for. But States such as California are excluded under their proposal because dairy farms have large herds. The average size of the 2,100 herds in California is 656 cows.  Again, this is an attempt to take money from California to give it to other States.  Dairy producers estimate they are going to lose $1.5 billion over the next 9 years if the provisions in the Senate farm bill are enacted into law.  Let me read a couple of letters from California's dairyland.       Jim Tillison, Chief Operating Officer of The Alliance of      Western Milk Producers, writes that the dairy program in the      Farm Bill ``is bad for California's consumers and it is bad      for California's dairy farm families.'' He estimates, ``the      net loss of revenue from manufactured milk will decrease      California dairy farm family income by $1.5 billion over the      next 9 years.'' The Alliance of Western Milk Producers is a      trade association that represents California dairy      cooperatives. Together, Alliance member cooperatives market      approximately 50 percent of the milk produced in California      both as raw milk and as processed dairy products.  Rachel Kaldor, Executive Director of the Dairy Institute of California, a state trade association representing the manufacturers of over 70 percent of the fluid, frozen, and cultured dairy products in California, writes, ``any legislation which creates federal price floors, production limits and income redistribution--national pooling--is bad news for California.''  In another letter, Gary Korsmeier, Chief Executive Officer of California Dairies Incorporated reports, ``the milk prices for California farm milk used in cheese, butter, nonfat milk powder and other dairy products, would drop by $2.9 billion dollars.'' Korsmeier predicts the average dairy farmer in the cooperative would lose $71,000 per year. California Dairies Incorporated is a member of the Alliance of Western Milk Producers. Formed from the merger last year of three California dairy cooperatives, California Dairies' 700 members account for about 40 percent of California's milk production.  I could go on and on. I can talk about lower milk consumption, increased milk production, and dramatically increased government expenditures on the dairy program. I can talk about another layer of bureaucracy and exacerbation of regional disparities. I can talk about providing another chance to pit big producers against small producers and reduction in the percentage of producer income that is derived from the market. I can talk about contradicting congressional intent for the current program, setting up regional supply management boards, and increases in assessments on dairy producers.  The dairy program is a bad part of this farm bill.  I would like to read into the Record the agricultural groups that oppose the dairy provisions currently in this bill: California Farm Bureau Federation, Alliance of Western Milk Producers, Western United Dairymen, California Dairies Incorporated, Milk Producers Council of California, Montana Dairy Association, Dairy Producers of New Mexico, Idaho Dairymen's Association, Oregon Dairy Farmers Association, Texas Association of Dairymen, Utah Dairymen's Association, and the Washington State Dairy Federation.  It is not only California, it is a number of Western States that would be seriously impacted by the dairy provisions of this bill.  Let me say in conclusion that a national dairy policy that strikes at the heart of California's dairy industry and other Western State dairy farmers is not an option. I cannot support a farm bill that harms California. I hope the negotiations going on to try to come up with another formula to meet this concern are successful.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I appreciate the unanimous consent agreement to recognize the Senator from North Dakota. But I also notice that he is not present at this time. I ask that the unanimous consent agreement be rescinded.  