 President, I rise to join with the distinguished Senator from Arizona, who is my ranking member on the Technology and Terrorism Subcommittee of Judiciary, to introduce a piece of legislation.  On October 12, the committee held a hearing on what could be done to technologically improve our visa entry system. It has become very clear, now that we know all 19 of the terrorists essentially had, at some time, valid visas, that our system is such that it really cannot countermand or alert our Government to any possible terrorist entering this country legally through our visa system.  We have about 7 million nonimmigrants entering the U.S. a year. About 4 million of them disappear and are unaccounted for. We have 23 million people coming in on visa waivers from 29 different countries. We have an unregulated student visa program. And we also have about 300 million people coming across borders back and forth. We have about 5 million containers a year that come in through the ports of entry, fewer than 2 percent of them searched.  The ranking member, the distinguished Senator from Arizona, and I have been very concerned about this. As a product of the hearing, we believed that the most important thing we could do was create a centralized data base, using cutting-edge technology, and also enabling that data base to interface between our intelligence agencies, our law enforcement agencies, and our State Department, to create a kind of lookout data base so that the situation that happened--whereby in Saudi Arabia 15 terrorists came in to the State Department consul's office and got visas, and we were told there was no intelligence to alert the system--would not, in fact, happen in the future. This legislation would create that kind of centralized, integrated data base.  Additionally, we provide for a biometric visa smart card. We provide that all Federal identity permit and license documents be fraud-resistant and tamper-resistant. We provide for passenger manifests of all commercial transportation vehicles to go into that data base, again, so that it can alert the proper authorities about who is about to come into the U.S. Law enforcement information, intelligence information all combine to send certain signals.  We also provide regulation and school responsibility for the student visa program. I am very pleased to indicate that Senator Kyl and I are joined by Senators Kohl, Snowe, Hatch, Thurmond, and Bond.  I would like to now defer to my colleague from Arizona, the ranking member of our Technology and Terrorism Subcommittee.  