  Madam President, I want to begin by thanking both Senators Feingold and McCain not only for this bill but also for their many forays out in the countryside where I think they have really brought home the cause of campaign spending reform to the American people.  I have had the privilege, as have you, of voting for this bill a number of times. I will vote for it again. I will vote for it without amendments, and I will probably vote for it with amendments.  This bill addresses a significant problem, and that is soft money. By eliminating soft money from federal campaigns, I think S. 27 cures the most dastardly problem with the way campaigns are currently conducted. I think the amendment that Senator Snowe and Senator Jeffords have added to the campaign reform bill makes it an even better bill. So we have a good bill before us.  Madam President, a while back, when Senator Alan Simpson was a Member of the Senate, and we had just concluded a meeting of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration--it was a Friday--I said to Senator Simpson: Are you going home?  He said: Yes, I'm going home to Wyoming to campaign.  I said: Well, you have no notice to set up an event.  And he said: Well, I just go to Cody, and I go and have lunch at the grill, and I see everyone in Cody. So that is the way I campaign.  It brought home to me how different campaigns are across this great land. In California, a State with more people than 21 other States combined, you cannot just go home and, without making plans, go into the corner drugstore and campaign.  Campaigns are, indeed, very costly. I have been involved in four statewide campaigns in the last decade. I have raised well over $50 million: $23 million in 1990, in a race for Governor; $8 million in 1992, in my first race for the Senate; and 2 years later, $14 million in the 1994 election. My opponent in that election spent $30 million of his personal wealth in his attempt to defeat me. In this past race, just concluded, I raised $9 million.  Now, whereas I support McCain-Feingold as it is, I must also comment that the Domenici amendment we are now considering has a good deal to recommend in it.  Let me talk about my own experience, from the 1994 election I just mentioned. It was February. It was raining outside. I turned on the television to watch the Olympics, and what did I see? I saw a full spot--in February--by my opponent--a minute spot in the middle of the Olympics. My heart dropped into my heels, and I knew at that instant that I was in for a grueling campaign.  In fact, my opponent was able to have what we call a maximum buy on television for all but 2 weeks of the remaining part of the year because he was able, quite simply, to write a check to pay for that advertising.  You don't have to hire a certified public accountant. You don't have to hire fundraisers. You don't have to spend tens of thousands of dollars on computers and so on and so forth. It is a very different campaign if a person has extraordinary private wealth. That is where the Domenici amendment becomes important in all of this because it aims to level the playing field.  In that 1994 campaign, I saw how important trying to level the playing field is. The fundraising demands I faced were extraordinary. I am a pretty good fundraiser. As it turned out, I simply couldn't keep up with my opponent's spending. I couldn't keep up with $30 million of personal wealth. I could raise about $14.5 million. And to do that, I had to put some of my own money into that race.  What Senator Domenici is trying to do with his amendment is to say that the person who is going to put his or her own wealth into a race must say so up front. If the amount the candidate intends to spend is going to exceed $500,000, then the opponent of the self-financing candidate can have the hard money contribution caps raised threefold. If the wealthy candidate spends between $500,000 and $1.0 million, then the hard money contribution limits increase fivefold. Over $1.0 million, and the new hard money limits stay in place, and limits are lifted on direct party contributions and coordinated expenditures. The Domenici amendment doesn't prohibit wealthy candidates from spending their own money to run for the House or Senate, but it is an attempt to level the playing field for their opponents if they do.  Increasingly, I see that only wealthy candidates are going to run in some of these big races unless we do something to level that playing field. I understand Senator DeWine may well put forward an amendment to modify the new caps set forth in the Domenici amendment. I would prefer to see the caps modified. As I understand the procedure, at the end of the 3 hours of debate, there will be a motion to table Domenici amendment. I certainly will vote not to table this amendment. It is important that we try to level the playing field.  I also will mention one other amendment I will either make myself or support, if it is offered by others. That is an amendment to increase the hard money cap per candidate per election. In the early 1970s, nearly 30 years ago, $1,000 was set as the hard money cap per election: $1,000 for the primary and $1,000 for the general. That was really fine in those days. You could have a lot of volunteer help. There was not an in-kind requirement. You could raise money more easily.  Since that time, we have had something called inflation. Senator McCain pointed this out the other day. Thirty years ago, a car cost $2,700. Now it costs $22,000. The cost of campaigning has risen even more dramatically. I can tell the Senate, television spots have increased. The price of stamps has increased. The price of campaign stationery has increased. The price of direct mail has increased. The price of telemarketing has increased. Virtually every aspect of campaigning, from the salaries for consultants to the paper on which you write--all of it is much more expensive today.  Frankly, we should increase the hard money contribution cap, either to $3,000 per election, which would keep pace with inflation, or at least to $2,000. As I said, I can certainly vote for the McCain-Feingold bill as it is. But if candidates are going to have any chance to keep up with these independent campaigns, with these independent interest groups that operate without contribution limits or disclosure requirements, we should look at raising the hard money contribution limit. At the appropriate time, I will offer an amendment to do just that.  For my purposes right now, I indicate my support for the Domenici amendment.  I ask unanimous consent that my time be charged to the sponsor of the amendment, Senator Domenici. I also ask unanimous consent that Senator Jeffords follow me.  