 President, I am pleased to join Senators Kennedy, Brownback, and Kyl in introducing the Enhanced Border Security and Visa Entry Reform Act of 2001. We submit this legislation with 16 sponsors.  This legislation represents a consensus, drawing upon the strengths of both the Visa entry Reform Act of 2001, which I introduced with my colleague from Arizona, Senator Kyl, and the Enhanced border Security Act of 2001, which Senators Kennedy and Brownback introduced.  I believe the legislation we are introducing today will garner widespread support from our colleagues on both sides of the aisle.  September 11 clearly pointed out the shortcomings of the immigration and visa system. For example: All 19 terrorist hijackers entered the U.S. legally with valid visas. Three of the hijackers had remained in the U.S. after their visas had expired. One entered on a foreign student visa. Another, Mohammed Atta had filed an application to change status to M-1, which was granted in July. However, Mr. Atta sought admission and was admitted to the United States based on his then current B-1 visitor visa.  Most people don't realize how many people come into our country; how little we know about them; and whether they leave when required.  Consider the following: The Visa Waiver Program: 23 million people from 29 different countries; no visas; little scrutiny; no knowledge where they go in the U.S. or whether they leave once their visas expire. The INS estimates that over 100,000 blank passports have been stolen from government offices in participating countries in recent years.  Abuse of the VISA Waiver Program poses threats to U.S. national security and increases illegal immigration. For example, one of the co-conspirators in the World Trade Center bombing of 1993 deliberately chose to use a fraudulent Swedish passport to attempt entry into the U.S. because of Sweden's participation in the Visa Waiver Program.  Foreign Student Visa Program: more than 500,000 foreign nationals entering each year; within the last 10 years, 16,000 came from such terrorist supporting states as Iran, Iraq, Sudan, Libya, and Syria.  The foreign student visa system is one of the most under-regulated systems we have today. We've seen bribes, bureaucracy, and other problems with this system that leave it wide open to abuse by terrorists and other criminals.  For example, in the early 1990s, five officials at four California colleges, were convicted of taking bribes, providing counterfeit education documents, and fraudulently applying for more than 100 foreign student visas.  It is unclear what steps the INS took to find and deport the foreign nationals involved in this scheme.  Each year, we have 300 million border crossings. For the most part, these individuals are legitimate visitors to our country. We currently have no way of tracking all of these visitors.  Mohamed Atta, the suspected ringleader of the attack, was admitted as a non-immigrant visitor in July 2001. He traveled freely to and from the U.S. during the past 2 years and was, according to the INS, in ``legal status'' the day of the attack. Other hijackers also traveled with ease throughout the country.  It has become all too clear that without an adequate tracking system, our country becomes a sieve, creating ample opportunities for terrorists to enter and establish their operations without detection.  I sit as the Chair of the Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Technology, Terrorism and Government Information. Last month, we held a hearing on the need for new technologies to assist our government agencies in keeping terrorists out of the United States.  The testimony at that hearing was very illuminating. We were given a picture of an immigration system in chaos, and a border control system rife with vulnerabilities. Agency officials don't communicate with each other. Computers are incompatible. And even in instances here technological leaps have been made, like the issuance of more than 4.5 million ``smart'' border crossing cards with biometric data, the technology is not even used.  Personally, I am astonished that a person can apply for a visa and granted a visa by the State Department, and that there is no mechanism by which the FBI or CIA can raise a red flag with regard to the individual if he or she is known to have links to terrorist groups or otherwise pose a threat to national security.  In the wake of September 11, it is unconscionable that a terrorist might be permitted to enter the U.S. simply because our government agencies don't share information.  Indeed, what we have discovered in the aftermath of the September 11 terrorist attacks was that the perpetrators of these attacks had a certain confidence that our immigration laws could be circumvented where necessary.  The terrorists did not have to steal into the country as stowaways on sea vessels, or a border-jumpers evading federal authorities. Most, if not all, appeared to have come in with temporary visas, which are routinely granted to tourists, students, and other short-term visitors to the U.S.  Let me talk about the legislation that I cosponsored with Senators Kennedy, Brownback, and Kyl.  First, a key component of this solution is the creation of an interoperable data system that allows the Department of State, the INS, and other relevant Federal agencies to obtain critical information about foreign nationals who seek entry into or who have entered the United States.  Right now, our government agencies use different systems, with different information, in different formats. And they often refuse to share that information with other agencies within our own government. This is not acceptable.  When a terrorist presents himself at a consular office asking for a visa, or at a border crossing with a passport, we need to make sure that his name and identifying information is checked against an accurate, up-to-date, and comprehensive database. Period.  The Enhanced Border Security and Visa Entry Reform Act would require the creation of this interoperable data system, and will require the cooperation of all U.S. government agencies in providing accurate and compatible information to that system.  In addition, the interoperable data system would include sophisticated, linguistically-based, name-matching algorithms so that the computers can recognize that ``Muhamad Usam Abdel Raqeeb'' and ``Haj Mohd Othman Abdul Rajeeb,'' are transliterations of the same name. In other words, this provision would require agencies to ensure that names can be matched even when they are stored in different sets of fields in different databases.  Incidentally, this legislation also contains strict privacy provisions, limiting access to this database to authorized Federal officials. And the bill contains severe penalties for wrongful access or misuse of information contained in the database.  Second, this legislation includes concrete steps to restore integrity to the immigration and visa process. including the following: The legislation would require all foreign nationals to be fingerprinted and, when appropriate, submit other biometric data, to the State Department when applying for visa. This provision should help eliminate fraud, as well as identify potential threats to the country before they gain access.  We include reforms of the visa waiver program, so that any country wishing to participate in that program must begin to provide its citizens with tamper-proof, machine-readable passports. The passports must contain biometric data by October 26, 2003, to help verify identity at U.S. ports of entry.  Prior to admitting a foreign visitor from a visa waiver country, the INS inspector must first determine that the individual does not appear in any ``lookout'' databases.  In addition, the INS would be required to enter stolen passport numbers in the interoperable data system within 72 hours after receiving notification of the loss or theft of a passport.  We would establish a robust biometric visa program. By October 26, 2003, newly issued visas must contain biometric data and other identifying information, like more than 4 million already do on the Southwest border, and, just as importantly, our own officials at the border and other ports of entry must have the equipment necessary to read the new biometric cards.  We worked closely with the university community in crafting new, strict requirements for the student visa program to crack down on fraud, make sure that students really are attending classes, and give the government the ability to track any foreign national who arrives on a student visa but fails to enroll in school.  The legislation prohibits the issuance of a student visa to any citizen of a country identified by the State Department as a terrorist-supporting nation. There is a waiver provision to this prohibition, however, allowing the State Department to allow students even from these countries in special cases.  We require that airlines and cruiseliners provide passenger and crew manifests to immigration officials before arrival, so that any potential terrorists or other wrongdoers can be singled out before they arrive in this country and disappear among the general populace.  The bill contains a number of other related provisions as well, but the gist of the legislation is this: Where we can provide law enforcement more information about potentially dangerous foreign nationals, we do so. Where we can reform our border-crossing system to weed out or deter terrorists or otherswho would do us harm, we do so. And where we can update technology to meet the demands of the modern war against terror, we do that as well.  As we prepare to modify our immigration system, we must be sure to enact changes that are realistic and feasible. We must also provide the necessary tools to implement them.  Our Nation will be no more secure tomorrow if we create new top-of-the line databases and do not see to it that government agencies use them to share and receive critical information.  We will be no safer tomorrow if we do not create a workable entry-exit tracking system to ensure that terrorists do not enter the U.S. and blend into our communities without detection.  And we will be no safer if we simply authorize new programs and information sharing, but do not provide the resources necessary to put the new technology at the border, train agents appropriately, and require our various government agencies to cooperate in this effort.  We have a lot to do but I am confident that we will move swiftly to address these important issues. The legislation Senators Kennedy, Brownback, Kyl, and I introduce today is an important, and strong, first step. But this is only the beginning of a long, difficult process.  In closing, I would like to respond to concerns that this bill is ``anti-immigrant.'' We are a nation of immigrants. Indeed, the overwhelming percentage of the people who come to live in this country do so to enjoy the blessings of liberty, equality, and opportunity. The overwhelming percentage of the people who visa this country mean us no harm.  But there are several thousand innocent people, including foreign nationals, who were killed on September 11 in part because a network of fanatics determined to wreak death, destruction, and terror exploited weaknesses in our immigration system to come here, to stay here, to study here, and to kill here.  We learned at Oklahoma City that not all terrorists are foreign nationals. But the world is a dangerous place, and there are peopled and regimes that would destroy us if they had the chance.  We are all casualties of September 11. Our society has necessarily changed as our perception of the threats we face has changed. The scales have fallen from our eyes.  It is unfortunate that we need to address the vulnerabilities in our immigration system that September 11 painfully revealed. The changes we need to make in that system will inconvenience people. We can ``thank'' the terrorists for that.  Once implemented, however, those changes will make it easier for law-abiding foreign to visit or study here, and for law-abiding immigrants who want to live here. More important, once they are here, their safety, and ours, will be greatly enhanced.  We must do everything we can to deter the terrorists, here and abroad, who would do us harm from Oklahoma City to downtown Manhattan, we have learned just how high the stakes are. It would dishonor the innocent victims of September 11 and the brave men and women of our armed forces who are defending our liberty at this very instant, if we flag or fail in this effort.  I urge my colleagues to support us on this legislation.  