  Mr. McCONNELL. It is my time, the Senator will be pleased to know.  Regretfully, the problem with the Feinstein amendment is it just doesn't go very far. It is certainly headed in the right direction. I don't know enough about the exact annual inflation increase over the years to know what going from $1,000 to $2,000 gets us up to. My guess is it probably gets us up to the mid-1980s in terms of purchasing power. I know my friend from California may even be in the minority on her side that want to raise the limit at all.  I have heard it said by a number of our colleagues that not many people can contribute this amount of money. That is certainly true. The fact that not many people can contribute this amount of money does not mean that no one should be able to. The cold, hard reality is that most people are not terribly interested in politics, and most people don't contribute to it. The best example of that that we talked about yesterday is the Presidential checkoff on the tax return where a taxpayer gets to check off $3 they already owe--it doesn't add to their tax bill, just $3 they already owe--into a Presidential campaign fund. Only 12 percent of Americans do that even when it doesn't cost them anything.  The real message is, people are just not terribly interested in politics and not terribly interested in contributing. I wish they were. It would certainly be great if large numbers of Americans had an interest and were willing to contribute. I wish we could get back to the $100 tax deduction we had before 1986 that at least made some effort, through the Tax Code, to encourage people to contribute. But the cold, hard reality is, a rather small number of people are going to contribute to politics.  The question is, Are the parties going to still be viable? Regretfully, it seems to me, the amendment of the Senator from California creates an incentive for contributions to the party committees for party building, she said, but how can this happen if we reduce the amount national parties can receive? With the aggregate limit to parties, the $20,000 limit, under current law, it is actually reduced to $17,500 by the amendment. I think by, in effect, pushing the $20,000 limit backward because of the aggregate provision the Senator has, we really move the party contributions back to the 1960s, not even leaving them at 1974.  I have sort of a mixed feeling about the Senator's amendment. It is great that she is moving in the right direction as far as candidates are concerned, but she has not addressed the needs of political parties, which are getting whacked by the underlying bill in a major way.  Mr. President, how much time do I have remaining?  