 President, I am very pleased to join with my ranking member, Senator Hutchison of Texas, to bring before the Senate the 2002 military construction appropriations bill and report. I point out that it is a bipartisan bill, it is carefully thought out, it is carefully balanced, and it is timely.  The bill provides $10.5 billion in new budget authority. This represents a 17.5-percent increase over the fiscal year 2001 funding level and a 5.3-percent increase over the President's budget request. The bill, as reported from the committee, meets the budgetary authority and outlay limits established in the subcommittee's 302(b) allocation.  This is a robust bill, but it is a carefully considered and carefully balanced bill. Our goal from the outset has been to address the highest priority military construction requirements, both at home and abroad. The final product is the balanced mix of readiness projects, barracks and family housing projects, quality-of-life programs, such as child development centers, and an array of Reserve component initiatives.  It is the military construction bill that funds the installations--the home ports and the home bases--of our troops and ships and aircraft. It is the military construction bill that builds the piers and hangars and maintenance shops and operational centers that ready our troops and equipment for deployment. It is this bill that builds the barracks and family housing and childcare centers and medical facilities that serve America's military troops and their families. This bill funds the infrastructure that provides the foundation for training and preparing our military to fight, and for housing their families when they are away.  Given the events of the past few weeks, and the events that we expect to unfold over the coming weeks and months, this bill could not be more timely. The bill was reported out of the full Appropriations Committee onlyyesterday. We moved it to the floor today in acknowledgement of the pressures under which we are currently operating. Our men and women in uniform cannot afford any delay in getting these projects underway.  Although the bill exceeds the President's budget request, it barely scratches the surface of the enormous need for infrastructure improvements at our military installations throughout the world. It is not overstating the case to say that many of our men and women in uniform work in deplorable conditions at their installations and often have no choice but to live in houses and neighborhoods that are substandard and unsafe. We have a duty to provide better for the members of our military and their families, especially at a time when the President has ordered them to ``be ready'' for war.  Briefly, I wish to outline some of the pertinent statistics.  The bill provides $4.7 billion for military construction for active duty components and nearly $800 million for the Reserve components.  Total military construction funded in this bill represents a 30-percent increase over the fiscal year 2001 enacted level, and a 5.8-percent increase over the President's request.  A large part of this increase is due to the acceleration of our efforts to upgrade barracks for our troops. The military construction total includes $1.2 billion for barracks construction, a 72-percent increase over the amount appropriated in fiscal year 2001.  The bill also includes $4.1 billion for family housing, a 12.9-percent increase over fiscal year 2001. As you can see from these figures, barracks and family housing projects are among the highest priorities of the subcommittee, reflecting the importance of improving living conditions for our men and women in uniform.  I point out that all the projects the ranking member and I and the subcommittee and the committee recommended were thoroughly screened and vetted with the services. They meet the rigid criteria imposed by law and by the Senate Armed Services Committee. They are good projects and they are needed projects.  The money added in this bill for BRAC environmental cleanup will help the services to meet their most urgent requirements. But I wish to point out that it is going to take far more money and far more realistic budgeting--and I stress that because there has not been realistic budgeting in some of the services for cleanup of closed BRAC bases--to meet the long-range requirements imposed by the BRAC environmental remediation process.  Before I yield the floor, I once again thank the ranking member, my friend from Texas, Senator Hutchison. She and her staff on the Republican side have been extraordinarily cooperative. I wish to acknowledge that and express my delight in the way in which we have been able to work together.  I also thank the Appropriations Committee staff for their work on this bill. They have worked very hard, and I can certainly testify that Christina Evans and B.G. Wright of the majority staff, and Sid Ashworth and John Kem of the minority staff, and Matt Miller of my staff have just been tremendous.  I am very grateful for the cooperation that will make this unanimous vote possible. This is an important bill for our Nation and our military forces. I now defer to the distinguished ranking member from Texas.  