 I rise today with Senators Chafee, Snowe, Schumer, Collins, Bingaman, Specter, Clinton, Jeffords, Graham, Harkin, and Corzine to introduce the Family Planning State Empowerment Act of 2001.  The Family Planning State Empowerment Act of 2001 would give States the option to provide family planning services to low-income women who do not qualify for Medicaid.  Each year, approximately 3 million pregnancies, or about half of all pregnancies, are unintended. Increasing access to family planning services could help avert these 3 million unintended pregnancies and all the decisions and costs associated with either continuing or terminating a pregnancy.  Family planning services give women the necessary tools to space the births of their children, which improves women's health and reduces rates of infant mortality.  Medicaid family planning is also cost effective. For every $1 invested in family planning, $3 are saved in pregnancy and health care-related costs.  The Federal Government currently reimburses States for 90 percent of their expenditures for family planning services under Medicaid.  If States want to provide Medicaid family planning services to populations of low-income women, other than low-income pregnant women or low-income women with children, they must apply to the Federal Government for a waiver.  Presently, 14 States, including California, have obtained Medicaid waivers from the Federal Government to provide family planning services to over 1.3 million women annually. Another eight States have applied for waivers.  The waiver process is extremely cumbersome and time consuming, often taking up to three years to receive approval from the Federal Government.  This is legislation is timely because once again the door is being closed by the Administration on women's reproductive health. This time, the losers will be low-income women.  Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson announced last month that he will not approve any new waiver requests nor grant any renewals for single service waivers, which includes this Medicaid family planning waiver.  And if the Administration gets its way, California will lose $100 million a year, and over 900,000 low-income Californians will have to look elsewhere for family planning and reproductive health services.  Family planning and reproductive health services are much more than just accessing contraceptives. Services provided include screening and treatment for sexually transmitted diseases and HIV, basic infertility services and pregnancy testing and counseling. Women can receive pap smears and breast exams, which are crucial to detecting cervical and breast cancer.  It is estimated that this waiver will save California $900 million over the 5-year waiver period in public expenditures for medical care and social services.  It is ironic that an Administration that is seeking to reduce the number of abortions would try to halt the very family planning services that could avoid unintended pregnancies.  In effect, the Administration is asking the clinics in our States, which provide services to some of our Nation's sickest and most vulnerable populations, to either turn away low-income women that need family planning services at the door or to provide them with services without the necessary funds.  I am pleased to join my colleagues in saying enough is enough. Low income women deserve access to family planning and reproductive health services. And States should not have to ask the federal government for permission to use Medicaid funds to provide these essential services.  It is time that this Administration walk-the-walk and talk-the-talk. We cannot afford to shut the door on those who cannot otherwise afford family planning and reproductive health services.  I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation.  