 Mr. President, I associate myself with the comments made by the ranking member, the distinguished Senator from New Mexico, Mr. Bingaman. My assessment of this nominee is approximately the same. I will vote for her, and I want to take a few moments to explain to this honorable body why I will vote for her.  I am a new member of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. As such, I had an opportunity to hear her answers to questions presented firsthand, and I also had an opportunity to talk with her in my office. I talked with her about specific California issues. The first was something called CALFED; second, the Colorado River decision; third, oil drilling off the coast of California; fourth, the land and water conservation fund.  I think virtually all Members of this body know about the energy or electricity crisis in California, but I think what perhaps many Members of this body might not understand is that water is close behind.  Beginning in 1993, I asked Interior Secretary Babbitt if he would sit down and meet with the so-called water constituencies in California--the agricultural farmers, the environmentalists, the urban water users, a group called stakeholders in California's water future. As often said, whiskey is for drinking but water is for fighting. Lawsuit after lawsuit had characterized the situation with respect to water.  The basic fact is that California has a water infrastructure for 16 million people. That is when it was built, when Pat Brown was Governor of the State. Today the State has 34 million people, and it will be 50 million people within 20 years--with the same water infrastructure. That is not good for the ecosystem, not good for the largest agricultural State in the Nation, and it is certainly not good for clean drinking water for the people of California.  To make a long story short, this CALFED venture culminated last year in an agreement between the Governor of the State and the Secretary of the Interior called ``A Plan For Action.'' That plan for action involved the State water project, which is the California water project, and the federally run,built, and operated project, the Central Valley Project. It is to be a $7 billion shared program over the next 7 years with some 700 individual projects. That program needs both an authorization this year and an appropriation this year as well. There was an attempt last year and it failed. So to have a Secretary of the Interior who would be willing, one, to put an appropriation, which is a substantial one, in her budget to send up to the Office of Management and Budget this year is important to me. Secondly, to have a Secretary of the Interior who is willing to designate a high-level member of her Department, just as Secretary Babbitt designated the Under Secretary to oversee the development of this State-Federal program, is important to me as well.  Ms. Norton has agreed to do both. She has agreed to take a good look--I know she has called the Office of Management and Budget and advocated for the CALFED program because we were called by OMB and they said that she had done so. Secondly, she has assured us that she will appoint a high-level official to oversee the various meetings with the stakeholders.  So for me, my No. 1 environmental priority this year is the authorization and the appropriation of the first year of a new CALFED program. I believe she has an open mind. I think she understands the importance of water. I think she understands the outdated nature of the water infrastructure, the struggle to keep the salmon running, to keep high-quality water for people to drink, and enough water to be able to produce what is in excess of a $25 billion agricultural industry.  I also discussed with her the recent 15-year Colorado River agreement, which has been now agreed to by seven States, which will ensure that California will receive no more than its annual allowance of 4.4 million acre feet of water from the Colorado River.  The fact is, because of this water shortage, California has been overdrawing the Colorado River allotment by some 800,000 acre feet a year. Southern California, which uses water from the Colorado, has employed all sorts of additional water conservation methodology, water recycling and water transfer measures, to ensure that there will be enough water for the other States.  I am a strong supporter of this agreement. I would like to see it go forward. I believe this Secretary will do her due diligence on the agreement and also agree that it is a major and positive step forward for the seven affected States.  She has also categorically assured me that there will be no offshore oil drilling off the coast of California. That is something the people of California have very strong opposition to, and I believe she will keep her word.  We also spoke about the importance of the land and water conservation fund. I happen to believe it can be the most important environmental program. I think there is an accumulation of $13 billion in offshore oil revenues that can go for appropriation into the land and water conservation fund.  I supported a bill Senator Murkowski and Senator Landrieu had put together, plus my own bill, which would assure the appropriation of some of this money on a regular basis--approximately $900 million of that money.  I see the chairman of the Appropriations Committee on which I am a lowly member, and I know appropriators don't necessarily like being told how to appropriate. However, I can say this: I think the Land & Water Conservation Fund offers this Senate and the House of Representatives an opportunity for major improvements in our environmental legacy. I am hopeful that issue might be settled. I know there has been some significant opposition to Gale Norton. As a former Colorado attorney general, she has taken some positions with which I disagree. However, she had every right to do so.  I, for example, was troubled by her 1997 op-ed when she said there was no consensus on global warming. And quite categorically, to our committee, she stated that times have changed--and indeed they have--and that she has had an opportunity to reconsider her point of view and does in fact believe that global warming is real. I think what came through to me the most clearly when I had an opportunity to talk with her was that this is a very talented woman. She has strong skills. She is flexible. She is trying very hard to maintain an open mind, and I think it is very possible that she is going to do an excellent job as Secretary of the Interior.  At the very least, she has convinced me that she is willing to work on issues in a bipartisan fashion. She is willing to address the difficult issues which will confront her, as I believe she is open minded and I feel as though I can pick up the phone and call her and that she will, A, either return that call, or, B, listen to my concerns and try to work them out. As a Senator from the largest State in the Nation, that means a great deal to me.  I want to say one thing. I returned last night from Switzerland where I attended the World Economic Forum. I cannot tell you how deeply troubled other nations are by the fact that, as they see it, the United States is unwilling to put forward a major environmental presence. They express concern that the United States, with 4 percent of the world's population, uses 25 percent of the energy. They are concerned about global warming--particularly nations that are low lying that see the sea rising and have the possibility, within decades, of some of their coastal cities being wiped out. They are concerned about deforestation of the rain forest and the loss of wetlands, and they are concerned about clean air and clean water. I share their concerns. I believe this new Secretary of the Interior will also share these concerns as the chief steward of land managed by the National Park Service, the Bureau of Land Management, the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the U.S. Geological Service.  In California alone, this includes the Mojave National Preserve, Yosemite, Joshua Tree, and Death Valley National Parks.  She has a tremendous responsibility.  I end my remarks by saying, once again, that she is a talented woman. She is flexible. She is committed, I believe, and she has the opportunity to be a very positive Secretary of the Interior. I will be very happy to cast my vote for Gale Norton.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Voinovich). The Senator from Alaska.  