  Mr. President, I begin by indicating my support for this bill and thanking the chairman of the committee and the ranking member for their work on the bill.  There is an issue relevant to natural gas, and it is electricity. I want to use my time to outline what I believe has happened in California and to set to rest a couple of myths that have arisen during the course of the debate.  The problem in California essentially was set into motion by a bill passed in the middle of the last decade, 1996. This was a deregulation bill. It is my understanding that at the time, virtually everyone came together--Republicans, Democrats, utilities, generators, and consumers--to produce a bill which deregulated electricity. The bill was approved quickly. It was signed at the end of the session by then-Governor Pete Wilson, a former Member of this body.  The bill created what, in essence, was a flawed market structure. It deregulated wholesale power, but it left regulated the retail side. It also demanded that 95 percent of California's power had to be purchased on the day-ahead or spot market. That was fine when the supply of power was plentiful, but as the supply of power shortened, spot prices rose to unprecedented levels, and those costs could not be passed on to the consumer. The result was that California's large investor-owned utilities are now on the brink of bankruptcy, and the reason is that they have been forced to purchase power that averages $300 per megawatt hour or 30 cents per kilowatt hour, while they can only pass it on to the consumer at $75 a megawatt hour or 7\1/2\ cents a kilowatt hour.  Today, they have accumulated a debt of anywhere from $10 billion to $12.5 billion. They have severe difficulty in obtaining the credit they need today to make forward purchases. Therefore, they stand on the brink of bankruptcy.  California's current mix of regulated retail rates and unregulated wholesale rates is clearly, in my view, not a long-term workable scenario.  As I have already mentioned, generators are charging exorbitant rates for power, which has led some to suspect that they are gaming the market. When Sempra Energy in San Diego tells me they are buying spot power at 3 a.m. in the morning at 500 times the normal price, something is wrong with the market.  Supporting that suspicion, economist Paul Joskow and Edward Hahn of MIT released a report this past January 15. Let me read from that report:       The high wholesale electricity prices observed in the      summer of 2000 cannot fully be explained as the natural      outcome of market fundamentals in a competitive market since      there is a very significant gap between actual market prices      and competitive benchmark prices that take into account these      market fundamentals.       Moreover, there is considerable empirical evidence to      support a presumption that the high prices experienced in the      summer of 2000 reflect the withholding of supplies of the      market by suppliers.  For this reason, I believe the most critical and immediate step that can be taken to address this crisis is to fix the market, which is terribly broken.  I would like to outline for a moment some of the steps California is taking to fix the problem.  First, California has conducted an online energy auction to solicit bids for long-term bilateral contracts. Remember, this contracting was prohibited by the 1996 legislation. The State is now negotiating contracts which cover up to one-third of the State's energy demand for the winter. The contracts range from 3 to 10 years and average $70 per megawatt hour. It is my understanding they hope to contract for up to 5,000 megawatts. That is enough for 5 million households.  Second, the State is now going into the power business in a major way. It has exercised its authority to purchase power on the spot market and has distributed this power at cost to the utilities. By February 15, it is estimated that the State will have spent $1 billion to buy this power. And it is buying power at the rate of about $50 million a day. All told, the State has provided an authorization for the California Department of Water Resources to finance up to $10 billion to buy power--again, to pass that power along, at cost, to the utilities.  Third, California has taken action to speed up the construction and siting of new energy plants. The State has already approved 9 out of 25 additional powerplants, which will generate enough energy to power 6 million households. That is about 6,278 megawatts. But the rub is that these first nine plants will not be on line before the end of 2002. So you can see that there is a short-term period. I am going to speak more about that short-term period of excess volatility in a moment.  Fourth, part of AB 1890 required California's investor-owned utilities to sell their generating facilities. I think that was a huge mistake. The State has reversed this.  Fifth, the State has restructured the California ISO--or Independent System Operator--and essentially eliminated the Power Exchange, which was a trading floor for California used to purchase energy hourly. The fatal flaw of the Power Exchange was that it ensured that all bidders into the exchange received the highest clearing price for electricity. The Power Exchange was intended to encourage bidders to use the floor, but instead it became too easy to manipulate, driving up prices.  Sixth, the Governor recently announced an $800 million energy conservation program to reduce California's peak load demand by more than 3,700 megawatts. As I said, the legislature approved a baseline conservation rate, which the PUC should begin to put in place soon and will protect the cost of basic necessary electricity but charge premiums for use above that cost.  This is really the first consequential effort to begin to fix the regulated retail end of the market. Frankly, whether it will be enough or not, I do not know at this stage.  What is the Federal role in all of this? And why is legislation that Senator Boxer, I, and others have submitted so important?  The most significant thing the Federal Government can do, through the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, is to provide a period of interim price stability, preventing price volatility or gouging, until this market is able to straighten itself out.  Let me show you why that is so crucial because what is anticipated to happen in the summer is, despite everything the State is doing today, there will still be an absence of sufficient electricity to serve the State.  The Independent System Operator has prepared this chart that shows what the shortfall will be in the summer: In May, despite everything, 3,030 megawatts; in June, 6,815 megawatts; in July, 4,685 megawatts; in August, 5,297 megawatts; in September, 1,475 megawatts.  So the worst time to come for California--and it has spread for other States--is going to be the summer, if this shortfall happens as has been predicted by the ISO. That is when price volatility, for that power that is not already under bilateral negotiated contracts, comes into play in a serious way. That is why Senator Boxer and I have said we need a period of short-term interim price stability, really, to get through these summer months. Therefore, we have submitted S. 26.  What S. 26 would do is say, if, during this short-term period, the FERC finds that prices are unjust and unreasonable, the FERC--the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission--has two options: The first option would be to set cost-of-service rates themselves--cost-of-service rates take into consideration the cost of providing the electricity plus margin of profit--or, second, provide an interim or temporary wholesaleprice cap across the 12 Western States from which any Governor can opt out if that Governor does not want their State to participate. That is one way of looking at this.  The FERC has clearly found that prices charged in the year 2000 for electricity are unjust and unreasonable. But the FERC refuses to do anything about it, saying let the market prevail. The market is broken, and until the State can adequately increase supply, the market is going to remain broken.  So the responsible Federal posture isn't, as some have said, that the Federal Government should be an ostrich, sticking its head in the sand: Let anything happen that may happen to California; we do not care. That is not the responsible role. It is to provide an absence of volatility. The reason is that this volatility will also impact other States--and is beginning to do just that right now.  The impact of the crisis on our State has been tremendous. California has spent more than $600 million over the past month purchasing electricity. The State is suffering from lost productivity. A recent study by the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corporation has concluded that California's few rolling blackouts and interrupted service have taken a $1.7 billion toll in direct and indirect costs on the economy. As I have said, we want to increase the supply.  Here is where there is a big myth. People say: California has an increased supply; right? Wrong. This past decade, California has actually added 2,670 megawatts of additional capacity--not enough because the demand has gone up by 14 percent. But, believe it or not, California has added more generation in the past decade than any other State in the western region. At the same time, demand in these 10 States has grown by a greater percentage than it has in California.  People don't realize this, but this is what an examination of the record will reflect.  It is critical for California now to do the following: Expedite its powerplant siting and construction process. I have been told by generaters that it has taken them up to 6 years to get a permit. That clearly cannot continue. California has to assume its power to expedite siting and construction.  Two, improve the transmission capacity in the State. Currently, you can't now transmit power from the south to the north.  Three, reduce any bona fide environmental obstacles. I am aware of none that have stopped power production at the present time, but if there are, let's take a look at them. Let us do what we must.  Four, ensure that all large buildings, hospitals, and hotels with emergency generators or that have additional generation capacity use these facilities in the interim. I am told there is about 2,000 megawatts in generating capacity that buildings have but that are not in regular use.  To reduce demand for energy, I have written to the Secretary of Energy asking him to look at the feasibility of significantly reducing energy consumption by Federal Government offices in California, I hope, by 10 to 15 percent. I have also called upon the Bush administration to fully implement new energy efficienct rules for air-conditioners or other appliances so they can get in place as soon as possible.  Last week, Senator Bob Smith, Republican of New Hampshire, and I and five of our colleagues introduced legislation to provide tax incentives for energy-efficient homes, buildings, and schools, to encourage people to do what they must in that area. I am also introducing legislation to provide tax incentives for the development of wind, solar, geothermal, and biomass energy, something that can be developed in a major way, certainly in California.  It is clear to me the State is going to have to increase rates at some point, as painful as that is, but do it in a way that gives Californians advanced warning and that phases in these costs over a period of time so as to protect consumers as much as possible, with a lifeline rate for the basic electricity use of consumers.  The big question I have is whether a hybrid system can work. That is what California has, a hybrid system. You cannot deregulate on the wholesale side and keep retail rates regulated. The dilemma facing the State, in my view, is going to be either move to a completely deregulated market and do so in a structured, commonsense way, or begin to reregulate. Thus far, the moves California has made show me, by beginning to buy power, by legislation that would buy the utility's transmission lines and then lease them back, that California is slowly beginning a path to reregulation.  I make no value judgment. My value judgment at this stage is, we can't have both worlds. We can't deregulate the wholesale end and regulate the retail end because it breaks the market. California has been a victim of that broken market into which generaters have charged the highest possible rates. Long-term contracts obviously play a major role. The 1996 legislation prohibited those contracts.  If I may, I will send, on behalf of Senator Boxer and I, an alternative piece of legislation to committee. I ask unanimous consent to be able to send that legislation to the desk at this time.  