 President, I think virtually every Member of this body has been to an overcrowded school. I personally have been in schools where I have seen children learning in closets because the population of the school was so large, for example, elementary schools with over 1,000 students, many schools with many different languages. Yet it is very difficult for local jurisdictions to buildsmaller schools because of the pressures of growing population.  The amendment I have sent to the desk allows funds under title V, part B, subpart 4, the Innovative Education Program Strategies, to be used to reduce the size of schools. The amendment authorizes the U.S. Department of Education to award grants as a permissible use of these funds to reduce the size of schools, in other words, to build small schools. The grants would be equally matched by the State, the local jurisdiction, or the school district. This amendment does not add additional dollars but permits use of funds under Title V that may be available.  I am introducing the amendment because I strongly believe children learn better and teachers teach better in smaller schools. Many of our schools are just too big. In fact, half of all American high school students go to schools with 1,500 or more students. Half of all American high school students are in huge high schools. Studies have shown again and again and again that student achievement improves when school and class size are reduced.  The U.S. Department of Education indicates these are some of the benefits of small schools: Students have a greater sense of belonging; fewer discipline problems occur; crime, violence, and gang activity go down; alcohol and tobacco use declines; dropout rates fall; graduation rates rise; and student attendance increases.  The ideal high school, according to education experts, is between 600 and 900 students. The National Association of Elementary School Principals recommends an elementary school size of no more than 400 for grades kindergarten to grade 5. That is the way it was when I went to public school, and that is one of the reasons I was able to learn.  Studies show that students in small schools have higher academic achievement, fewer discipline problems, lower dropout rates, higher levels of student participation, and higher graduation rates. A Tennessee study called project STAR placed 6,500 kindergartners in 330 classes of different sizes. The test scores and the behavior of students in smaller classes were better than those in larger classes.  We know that small class size benefits. We also know that in a society as diverse as ours, when some schools have as many as 40 different languages, smaller schools benefit students and teachers as well.  Under this amendment, schools receiving grants that would be equally matched would have to meet the following size requirements: For kindergarten through fifth grade, not more than 500 students; for grades 6 through 8, not more than 750 students; for grades 9 through 12, not more than 1,500 students.  This amendment will provide a new funding source for school districts or States to build new schools with the explicit goal of reducing school size. We need to build 6,000 new schools in this Nation just to meet enrollment growth projections. That is not going to happen if there isn't some Federal help. By amending title V and making this a permitted use--grants for small schools--I hope school districts will have an incentive to build small.  Let me give examples of large schools. In Mapleton, UT, 832 students in an elementary school; Narragansett Elementary School, in Rhode Island, 710 students; Coral Gables Elementary School, FL, 748 students; Munford, AL, Ophelia Hill Elementary, 730 students; Gosnell Elementary, in Arkansas, 788 students. It isn't only the big States, it is the small States, too.  Right nearby in Herndon, Virginia, we have a middle school of 1,285 students and Rocky Run Middle School, also in Virginia, 1,350 students. A combination middle school and high school in Florida, in River Ridge Middle and High School, 3,260 students in one school.  Here are some examples of large high schools. Olympic Heights Community High School, Palm Beach, FL, 2,405 students; Camelback High School, Phoenix, AZ, 2,557 students; Georgia, in South Gwinnett High School, 2,550 students; in Lyons, IL, 3,087 students; and Waipahu High School, in Hawaii, 2,434 students.  California, as the Senator from Connecticut pointed out, has some of the largest schools in the country. Los Angeles has some of the largest classes and schools in the world. Let me give an example. In Los Angeles, Hawaiian Elementary--elementary--1,365 students; South Gate Middle School--middle school--4,442 students; Belmont High School, 4,874 students.  I have been in some of these schools.  If we can provide an incentive for local jurisdictions to build smaller schools, educational experts now say that beginning schools, elementary schools, do not have to be in a special campus. We can have a campus within a campus or have a small school as part of a commercial setting, for example.  The important thing is ``small.'' Small is better when it comes to education, particularly in the lower grades, and particularly when one has a varied socioeconomic structure, one has many different languages. Schools I have been in--and I will tell you this--have been a cacophony of sound, so many students, so much noise, everything in shifts; a shift for the lunch, everything in track; track 1, track 2; and, again, 40 different languages spoken.  I hope the Senate sees fit to pass this amendment. As I said, the amendment does not add new funds. It would simply amend title V to make as a permissible use of title V funds, grants that would be equally matched, Federal dollars with state or local dollars, to build small schools in the United States of America.  I yield the floor.  