 President, I rise in strong support of Senator Graham's bill authorizing appropriations for intelligence for fiscal year 2002.  The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, on which I serve, and which Senator Graham chairs, is a unique expression of the vital role the United States plays in the critical field of national security. Much of our proceedings are, by necessity, secret, and our committee's business is often conducted behind closed doors. That said, I am proud of the fact that in this country the activities of the intelligence services, so important to national security, but potentially so dangerous to our precious civil liberties, are authorized by the people's representatives in Congress.  The bill before us today is the result of that process. Under the able leadership of Chairman Graham and Vice Chairman Shelby, the Intelligence Committee has delved deeply into the activities of our intelligence agencies, reviewing their operational efforts, their resource needs, and the legal and regulatory structure within which they operate. This bill was crafted in the light of that inquiry, and I believe represents a well-conceived and workable plan to support the critical intelligence needs of our country.  Many have said that, after the tragic events of September 11, ``everything changed.'' That is not completely true, for an effective and well-supervised intelligence structure was essential to our national security before September 11, and remains so after the attacks. What did change, however, is the sense of urgency, and the general understanding of the importance of intelligence, particularly in the area of terrorism. This bill addresses those needs, and I am certain will provide a framework which will allow the intelligence community to work towards protecting our Nation from those who would do it harm, whether rogue nations or sub-national terrorist groups.  The bill addresses some of the difficult issues that confronted the committee during the past year with balance and firmness.  It contains language that addresses the specific, and systemic, shortcomings which led to the tragedy last spring when a civilian airplane was accidentally shot down in the course of a CIA-sponsored counterdrug operation. It accomplishes this by requiring the President to certify that appropriate safety procedures are in place, adhered to, and that the program, should it continue, is necessary to our national security.  The bill contains language directing the Department of Justice to perform a thorough review of current law concerning the unauthorized disclosure of classified information. This will allow the administration to carefully address the pernicious problem of recurring unauthorized disclosures in a measured and thoughtful manner. Should it be necessary for the Congress to revisit this issue, our efforts will be assisted by the results of the Department of Justice review.  The bill, and its classified annex, authorizes funding appropriate to the extensive, and often expensive, responsibilities we have asked the intelligence community to carry out. There has been much said publicly about the size and scope of our intelligence budget, and there remains reasonable arguments on both sides as to whether the intelligence budget should remain classified. However, I want to take this opportunity to assure my colleagues, and all Americans, that the intelligence budget is not created in a shadowy vacuum, but in a process that allows the legislative branch meaningful insight into, and final authority on, the intelligence budget.  Finally, I look forward to working with my colleagues on the committee in performing the necessary follow-on to passage of this bill--the vigorous oversight of the operational and analytic efforts that will carry out the authorized direction contained in this bill.  