 President, I want to first express my appreciation to the chairman of the Appropriations Committee for his work on the fiscal year 2001 supplemental appropriations bill. It is only through his persistence and determination that we are able to bring this bill to floor within the spending limits proposed by the President.  I want to specifically thank Chairman Byrd for his work on an issue of great importance to California. This bill includes $20 million in disaster assistance to crop growers in the Klamath Basin of northern California and southern Oregon who are faced with a total loss of income resulting from a lack of water. I am very grateful that Chairman Byrd saw the true emergency in this situation.  This year, the Klamath Basin is facing one of the worst, if not the worst drought in the Klamath River Project's 90-year history. Federal disaster declarations have been issued by the USDA for Modoc and Siskiyou Counties in California and Klamath County, OR. Economic losses to the farming communities have been estimated at up to $220 million.  Over 200,000 acres of farmland are irrigated in the Klamath River Basin. There are roughly 1500 farming families in the Klamath Irrigation Project.  The Endangered Species Act requires the Bureau of Reclamation to review its programs with consultation from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service, with the obligation to protect endangered species. In Klamath this includes two species of suckerfish, the coho salmon, and the bald eagle. In addition to the Endangered Species Act, the Bureau of Reclamation must protect tribal fishing and water rights.  What little rainfall that has occurred this year must be first applied to minimize endangered fish species losses and then to mandatory Tribal Treaty obligations. This leaves literally no water for about 85 percent of the Klamath Project-dependent farmers. And this problem is not going to go away. Based on Bureau of Reclamation estimates, there will not be enough water for all users in 7 out of the next 10 years in the Klamath Basin.  Lack of water in the Klamath Basin is a problem that requires a long term solution. I am committed to working with the administration and my colleagues here in the Senate to develop that solution.  Unfortunately, a long-term solution will not help the farmers today. That is why this assistance is so critical and so necessary. I am grateful that Chairman Byrd recognizes this need. I want to again thank the chairman for making this assistance possible.  