 President, Americans tend to be a very open people. Americans, to a great extent, have looked at Government, saying: Just leave me alone. Keep Government out of my life. At least that is the way it was before September 11. What I hear post-September 11 are people saying: What is my Government going to do to protect me?  As we look back at that massive, terrible incident on September 11, we try to ascertain whether our Government had the tools necessary to ferret out the intelligence that could have, perhaps, avoided those events. The only answer all of us could come up with, after having briefing after briefing, is we did not have those tools. This bill aims to change that. This bill is a bill whose time has come. This bill is a necessary bill. And I, as a Senator from California, am happy to support it.  This legislation brings our criminal and national security laws in line with developing technologies so that terrorists will no longer be able to stay one step ahead of law enforcement. And believe me, they can today.  Right now, for example, terrorists can evade Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act wiretaps, which are device-specific, by simply switching cell phones every few hours. This legislation fixes that and allows for roving FISA wiretaps, the same as are currently allowed for suspected criminals under the domestic law enforcement portions of the law known as title III.  And because modern communications often travel through countless jurisdictions before reaching their final destination, investigators must now get court orders from every one of those jurisdictions. They can have to get 15, 20 court orders to carry out a wiretap. This bill would change that, allowing for just one court order from the originating jurisdiction.  And the bill recognizes that voice mails and e-mails should be treated alike when law enforcement seeks access to them. Technology, as it changes, changes the ability to conduct an intelligence surveillance. This bill attempts to keep a very careful balance between the personal right to privacy and the Government's right to know, in an emergency situation, to be able to protect its citizens.  It also increases information sharing between the intelligence community and law enforcement. As a matter of fact, it mandates it. Criminal investigations often result in foreign intelligence. This information, up to this point, is not shared with the intelligence community. After this bill becomes law, it must be shared.  And it makes it easier for law enforcement to defeat those who would use the computers of others to do mischief.  For example, with the Zombie computer, I invade your computer and, by invading your computer, go into 1,000 other computers and am able to get one of them to open the floodgates of a dam. This bill prevents that.  Overall, this bill gives law enforcement and the intelligence community the tools they need to go after what is an increasingly sophisticated terrorist element.  I am very pleased this legislation also includes a number of provisions I drafted with Senator Graham well before the events on September 11--title 9 of this bill. These provisions give the Director of the CIA, as head of the intelligence community, a larger role with regard to the analysis and dissemination of foreign intelligence gathered under FISA. These mandate that law enforcement share information with the intelligence community.  And title 9 improves the existing Foreign Terrorist Asset Tracking Center which helps locate terrorist assets. It authorizes additional resources to help train local law enforcement to recognize and handle foreign intelligence.  We now have these anti-terrorist teams throughout the country. They need to be trained, and they need to learn the tools of the trade and get the security clearances so they can tap into these databases.  I agree with the 4-year sunset included for certain surveillance provisions in the bill. In committee I suggested a 5-year sunset. The House had 2 years. It is now 4 years. That is an appropriate time. It gives us the time to review whether there were any outrageous uses of these provisions or whether uses were appropriate under the basic intent of the bill.  Let me briefly touch on a related topic of great importance in the war against terrorism. As an outgrowth of the Technology, Terrorism, and Government Information Subcommittee, today Senator Jon Kyl of Arizona and I held a press conference indicating a bill we will shortly introduce to create a new, central database, a database that is a lookout database into which information from intelligence, from law enforcement, from all Federal agencies will go. That database will be for every visa holder, every person who crosses borders coming in and out of this country. The legislation will provide for ``smart visa cards'', reform the visa waiver program, reform the unregulated student program, and improve and beef up identity documents.  I passed around at the press conference a pilot's license, easily reproducible, no biometric data, no photograph, perforated around the edges showing that it had been removed from a bigger piece. This is the pilot's license that every 747 pilot carries, every private pilot carries. It is amazing to me that this can be a Federal document and be as sloppy as it is in this time.  We intend to see that identity documents are strengthened to provide not only photographs, but biometric data as well (such as fingerprints or facial recognition information). And the data system would be such that it is flexible and scalable so as biometric technology and requirements progress, the database can keep up.  Both Senator Kyl and I also met with Larry Ellison, the CEO of Oracle. Oracle has stated that they are willing to devote some 1,500 engineers to develop a national identity database. What we are proposing is different from that. He said they would devote their software free of charge.  