 President, today I am introducing an amendment to authorize school districts to use teacher training funds authorized under the bill to create master teachers.  The bill before us authorizes $3 billion for FY 2002 Title II, teacher training. Under this amendment, school districts could use some of these funds to create master teacher positions.  If, for example, $200 million were spent on master teachers, 6,600 master teacher positions could be created if each master teacher were paid $30,000 on top of the current average teacher's salary.  What is this all about? Why am I doing it? One of the things I have discovered is it is difficult to keep good teachers in the classroom. The Senator from Vermont is in the Chamber. I can't tell him how many times I have given an award to a teacher of the year, or a teacher of the month, and they accept it and say they are leaving the classroom. I ask: Why are you leaving the classroom? Because I got a better job in Silicon Valley; or I am going to become an administrator.  When you ask why they are going to become an administrator, it is because of more money. The average teacher's salary is about $40,000 a year. In California, it is $45,000 a year. So you can work 10 or 15 years for that amount of money, but you can become an administrator at $65,000 or $70,000 a year and support your family.  So the idea occurred to me, what if we were to have a master teacher program and allow teachers who have taught in the classrooms for 5 years--if they have certain credentials--to become a master teacher and receive the salary equal to that of an administrator?  What would the criteria be? Under this amendment, the teacher would be credentialed, have at least 5 years of teaching experience, and be adjudged to be an excellent teacher by administrators and teachers who are knowledgeable about this teacher's performance. The teacher would have to be currently teaching and willing to enter into a contract to teach for another 5 years.  The master teacher, then, would become a mentor teacher, would help other teachers in improving instruction and strengthening teacher skills, would mentor less-experienced teachers, help develop curriculum, and provide other professional development.  What is interesting is that 25 percent of beginning teachers do not teach more than 2 years. Nearly 40 percent leave in the first 5 years. For my State, this is a huge problem. We have 284,030 teachers currently, and in the next 10 years we have to hire an additional 300,000 teachers.  California's rate of student enrollment is three times the national average. Therefore, we have to hire 26,000 new teachers every year.  If they teach 2 years, and we lose them because they can get a better job elsewhere, or we lose a good teacher who has taught 6 or 7 or 8 or 10 years because that teacher wants to become an administrator to make a higher salary, we lose teaching skills in the classroom.  So I thought we could try to see if these excellent teachers would work in the classrooms for an additional 5 years, be willing to mentor other teachers, be credentialed teachers, and stay in the classrooms and become master teachers to help other teachers.  There are some existing mentoring programs. I worked earlier with Adam Urbanski, a teacher in Rochester, NY, who pointed out to me very clearly how mentoring programs keep teachers in the classroom. It occurred to me that master teachers could produce very good dividends.  One of the key things about all of this is that we expect so much from our teachers and we pay them so little. I think California is one of the highest cost-of-living areas in the Nation. Yet teachers earn $45,000. Their salary is limited.  I would like to say to the chairman of the committee, who is in this Chamber, it is my understanding that the amendment is acceptable on both sides. I am very pleased. I intend to follow this closely. I hope we have a whole series of master teachers one day that burgeon throughout the Nation, that lead the way in keeping good teachers in the classroom, to increase teachers' salaries, and to increase the performance of the average classroom teacher.  I thank very much the chairman of the committee for his indulgence.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Voinovich). The Senator from Vermont.  