  That is what the Wyden amendment does.  The letter goes on:       Many companies have provided power to California's      consumers and [this association] believes emphatically that      all these entities deserve to be fully and fairly      compensated.  As do I, Mr. President.       However, it is inappropriate for the Senate to try and      create winners and losers in this desperate situation. Rather      than orderly resolution, this legislation could lead to a      premature declaration of bankruptcy and the     inevitable liquidation of the California electric utilities'      assets in a legal free-for-all.  The American Gas Association, on behalf of all of the natural gas companies involved in this, also states the same thing. They go on, however, to say:       As the preferred creditors would in actuality control the      bankruptcy proceedings through their status, in effect      Chapter 11 reorganization would not be an option. Liquidation      of assets through Chapter 7 filing would result. Such action      could cause serious disruption and harm to the utility      customers, not to mention the non-preferred creditors.  So, Mr. President, you have virtually all of the electric power producers, as well as the natural gas producers, in effect, saying that if you give these Federal entities preferred status, should there be a bankruptcy, they would, in effect, have to assert their rights to force an involuntary bankruptcy, and that then would put both of the utilities into chapter 7 rather than chapters 11 or 13. This was the theme--the dominant theme--from virtually every generator, producer, and creditor.  I know of virtually no electric power producer or gas producer that believes this amendment will do anything other than trigger a bankruptcy of these two companies. Therefore, I am strongly in opposition to it.  Last evening, the proponent of this legislation, Senator Wyden, said in fact the legislation does not do this. So we went out and we contacted the bankruptcy attorney for Pacific Gas and Electric. We asked them for a letter and their interpretation of the Wyden amendment. I have that letter. I will read it into the Record.       My firm is special reorganization counsel to Southern      California Edison. In connection with the debate over the      Wyden Amendment to S. 420, it has been suggested that the      Amendment is not intended to prefer the debt covered by the      Amendment over the debts of other creditors of Southern      California Edison and the other utilities affected by the      Amendment. Please be advised that, in my view, the Amendment      would do exactly that.  This is the bankruptcy counsel for one of the utilities at risk of bankruptcy.  The letter goes on:       The purpose of the Wyden Amendment is to exclude from the      binding effect of a plan of reorganization in chapter 11      certain creditors of the utility who provided wholesale      electric power to the utility under certain conditions. It      provides that such debts are nondischargeable. As a      consequence, a utility in chapter 11 could not bind such      preferred creditors under a plan of reorganization, and such      creditors would be able to pursue the utility following      confirmation of a plan to collect in full, in cash, their      obligations while the other creditors were bound by the terms      of a confirmed plan of reorganization. Depending upon the      magnitude of such preferred claims, the utility might find it      very difficult to confirm a plan under such circumstances.      Such result would be very detrimental to not only the utility      but to its other creditors.  This is the bankruptcy counsel himself.       It is also my understanding that there has been a      suggestion in argument on behalf of the Amendment that the      magnitude of the preferred obligations would not exceed $100      million to $200 million. I am advised by Southern California      Edison that based upon the amount of power purchased during      the emergency orders of the Federal Energy Regulatory      Commission, the amount of power procured to serve Southern      California Edison's customers substantially exceeded that      amount.  