 President. I thank the Senator from Tennessee, the Senator from Wisconsin, the Senator from Arizona, the Senator from Connecticut, the senior Senator from Mississippi, as well asthe senior Senator from New York--all who participated in this negotiation.  Essentially the question was around whether we could bring enough people together to settle what is a question that has become a major problem; that is, how do we account for inflation in hard money because it is likely we will not address this issue for another 20 or 30 or 40 years. Therefore, this is a bill that has to stand the test of time.  Many of us are deeply concerned that once you restrict soft money in campaigns and in parties, you create an opportunity for this soft money to go into the issue of advocacy of independent campaigns. It is undisclosed. It is unregulated. So what we want to try to avoid as much as we can is a transfer of millions of dollars of soft money from campaigns into millions of dollars of soft money into independent campaigns.  The way we do this is by trying to find a modest vehicle by which we can come together and agree on how much an individual contribution limit should be raised. I am very pleased to say that contribution limit in the bipartisan agreement is $2,000. That $2,000 would be indexed, as will the other indexes I will speak about in a moment, for inflation from a baseline that is provided for in the statute.  We came to agreement on the PACs--that PACs should remain the same; they should not be increased in amounts; they should remain at $5,000 a calendar year.  We came to agreement on continuing State and local parties at the same amount as McCain-Feingold--$10,000. That was clear in the Thompson amendment, the Feinstein amendment, as well as the McCain-Feingold bill.  Also, where we had the major discussion--I say a difference of viewpoint--was on the aggregate limit and the national party committees.  The people who were negotiating are people who wanted to see a bill. And it was very difficult because each of our proposals was at the outer limits of our own political party. So it was very difficult to find a way to move forward.  We did, however, in the Thompson amendment, which had $50,000 per calendar year for the aggregate limit, and it was agreed that we would drop that to $37,500 per year for the aggregate limit and that we would drop out of that the split I had proposed earlier in my statement.  With respect to national parties, that would go from $20,000--just by $5,000 a year--to $25,000.  Additionally, there are four things in this bill that are indexed. Again, the indexing is not compounded. It goes to the baseline in the statute for the candidate, for the national party per year amount, and for the aggregate amount.  Also, there is a provision in Thompson we agreed to which would double the amount that national parties can give to candidates from $17,500 to $35,000. That would be indexed on the same baseline formula as the other items.  In my view, and I hope in Senator Thompson's view, this gives us an opportunity to meet the future and to see that there is a modest increase. It is not a tripling of the individual limit. It is simply increasing it from $1,000 to $2,000 and then indexing it to inflation, but that there is a the basis now, we hope, where both sides can come together and vote for this bill.  I, for one, happen to think the indexing is healthy. I think it gives us an opportunity that we don't come back again, to reopen the bill, but that we live by the bill as it is finally adopted.  I really thank the Senator from Mississippi who began this fight with me. I thank the Senator from Tennessee for our ability to sit down together and have a turkey sandwich and also come to this agreement. I think it is a very important step forward for the bill.  I thank the Senators from Wisconsin and Arizona for their persistence in moving this bill along.  I yield the floor.  May I ask if the modification is available?  