Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I first heard about this amendment about 4 hours ago.  Let me first put this in context for the Members. I believe that five Members of the Maryland delegation will rise in strong opposition to this amendment. Furthermore, while I have great respect for my colleague, we all adjoin the Chesapeake Bay, as a number of other districts adjoin parts of other waterways. We are talking about the waterways of Maryland. No particular one of us owns the waterways; they are common to all of us.  The gentleman says this has been a controversy in the 1990s and that throughout the decade of the 1990s, the Corps has been unable to justify the costs of this project. Now, the gentleman has another amendment and we will be talking about it as well; but I want to call to the attention of the House of Representatives, my colleagues, a letter dated April 30, 1996. That letter was sent to the gentlemanfrom Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster), chairman of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In it, the Maryland delegation, all eight Members, all 4 Republicans and all 4 Democrats, wrote to the committee stating: ``We write to ask your committee's favorable consideration of 3 important channel dredging projects affecting the welfare of the Port of Baltimore and the State of Maryland.''  We went on to say in the next paragraph, ``We cannot stress enough the importance of these projects in maintaining the vitality of the port. In fact, the competitive position of the port could turn, in large measure, on their implementation.''  That letter was signed by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cardin), the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella) the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Bartlett), the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Ehrlich), the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cummings), the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Wynn), myself, and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Gilchrest). Why? Because we felt this was a vital project to our State and to the economic viability of our port on which thousands of persons rely. Now, my two colleagues from Baltimore will speak, I think, more pointedly to that.  Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Gilchrest). The deepening of the C Canal is absolutely essential for the viability of Maryland's port. The Port of Baltimore operates in an increasingly competitive environment. Anybody who represents a port knows that to be the case. The C Canal is a major access route between the Port of Baltimore and the North Atlantic coast ports. Use of the canal saves shipping lines time and money, which means competitive positions. The size of ships entering North Atlantic coast ports, including Baltimore, are already outgrowing the depth of the C Canal.  That is why this study is being conducted, and this $100,000 is absolutely essential to complete this study before this project can proceed. As container vessels outgrow their ability to safely use the C Canal because of sailing draft constraints, they will be forced to sale substantially greater distances, via Cape Henry between the Port of Baltimore and North Atlantic coast ports, or use another port. That is why we wrote this letter. All eight Members of the Maryland delegation signed this letter.  The transfer of cargo jobs and taxes to other States will have an absolutely deleterious effect on the citizens of the State of Maryland. Moreover, although vessel services and cargo may be lost due to a failure to maintain competitive access channel depth, the substantial fixed costs of the port do not change for the smaller volume of remaining cargo. This will result in reduced port efficiency, increased Corps' costs of port improvements for the remaining users and, therefore, put us in an increasingly uncompetitive status.  Mr. Chairman, I would say to the gentleman from California (Mr. Packard) that I would hope that he and the ranking member would oppose this amendment. The gentleman from California (Mr. Packard) and I have talked about this amendment; the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Visclosky) and I have talked about this amendment.  I understand the gentleman's concern. The gentleman's concern is the dredging and where we put the spoil. That is a very significant issue that all of us are engaged in trying to figure out so that we do that correctly. But I would urge this body to reject this amendment, which stops the study. This does not deal with the dredging. The gentleman is correct, if we go ahead with a project, at some point in time we have to figure out where to put the spoil. I understand the gentleman's concern. Perhaps he did not have that concern in 1996 when he signed this letter.  