Speaker, timing is important, and I had the opportunity to come into the room just as the distinguished gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Traficant) was talking about my efforts on this matter.  But I would like to mention as well one additional person who sits to the chairman's right, or to the ranking member's right, chairman-in-exile, as I call him, Susan Brita, who has been an extraordinary asset to the House and, frankly, to the committee, the full Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for an awful lot of years.  She probably knows as much about these matters, about construction matters and the General Services Administration and so many other matters related to our infrastructure as any staffer on this Hill. I want to thank her for all the efforts she has made. I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Traficant), the ranking member, too, for working very closely with her so he does not make mistakes. It is always a good judgment that all of us make to have good staff.  Also, I want to thank the chairman, who is not in exile, but who is on the job, for his efforts and my colleague from Montgomery County, Mrs. Morella, for rising in support of this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, we have obviously, as the House of Representatives, responsibility for this hallowed Hill, this center of democracy in the world. It is, I think, extraordinarily appropriate that, for the last few number of years, we have made available a part of this Hill over which we have authority for an enterprise that has literally taught thousands and thousands of young people, entrepreneurial spirit, competitive spirit, family working together, because, although those young people are responsible for building their carts, they do get some advice from and counsel from dad and mom and brothers and sisters from time to time, I know.  But this is truly an American enterprise. The Soap Box Derby is something that I think all of us have known about for almost all of our lives. It is an enterprise that takes the contributions of American business, of American volunteers, and certainly of the young people and their families.  This will be the 63rd running of the greater Washington Soap Box Derby, and it will take place as my colleagues have heard, Mr. Speaker, on June 24 of this year.  This resolution authorizes the Architect of the Capitol, as is necessary, as I have said, as well as the Capitol Police Board and the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to negotiate the necessary arrangements for carrying out the running.  That obviously will not be, I think, a difficult job, although the concerns of the Capitol Police and the Architect must be met and, in fact, are met. In the past, the full House has supported this resolution, of course, unanimously.  But I do want to thank all of those in the Washington metropolitan area. This is not a partisan issue, obviously. The gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella) who has spoken, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Wynn), the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran), the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Davis), the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton), the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf), and others spoke supporting this resolution.  From 1992 to 1999, the greater Washington Soap Box Derby welcomed over 40 contestants per year which made the Washington, D.C. race one of the largest in the country. Participants, as my colleagues have been told, I am sure, range from approximately 9 years of age to 16 years of age and come from communities in Maryland, the District of Columbia, and Virginia.  The winners of this local event will represent the Washington metropolitan area in the national race which will be held, as it has been through history, in Akron, Ohio on July 22 of this year.  The derby provides our young people with an opportunity to gain valuable skills, not only in those that I mentioned, but in practical skills of engineering, aerodynamics, and other skills necessary to make that go-cart go faster than any other go-cart down that hill. Of course this is a beautiful Hill, Capitol Hill, to use as they go down on the west side of our Capitol.  Furthermore, the derby promotes teamwork, a sense of accomplishment, sportsmanship, leadership, and responsibilities. These are attributes that we should encourage our young people to carry into adulthood. That is why this enterprise, like so many others, is critically important.  I, Mr. Speaker, like so many in this Chamber, have the opportunity to bevery much involved in the Boys and Girls Clubs of America. They have a national charter from this Congress, and they report to us annually.  Like the Boys and Girls Club, this enterprise gives young people a positive focus and positive way to participate in directing their energy in ways that will result in benefits to themselves and to our community.  Mr. Speaker, I am more than honored to have been involved in this effort and thank all of the corporate sponsors, all of the volunteers, all of the parents, and, yes, certainly all of the young people who participate in this event. It is right that we give them the opportunity to do so on this historic Hill. I rise in strong support of the resolution.  