Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his explanation, and I thank him for his work on this. I certainly want to say to our friends in the Senate, Senator Jeffords and Senator Harkin and others who have worked on this legislation, that we are very pleased that it is here. We are pleased that, with the gentleman from New York, we were able to get agreement on the unanimous consent. I rise in very strong support of the passage of this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be here to discuss a landmark piece of legislation that will improve the lives of over four million individuals with developmental disabilities--The Reauthorization of the Developmental Disabilities Act.  The road to passing The Reauthorization of the Developmental Disabilities Act has been long and tortuous.  The Reauthorization of the Developmental Disabilities Act was passed originally by the Senate around the same time this month, last year. We had some problems moving it here in the House, but were finally successful in passing a House version in July during the 10th anniversary celebration of The Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA).  As the lead sponsor of the ADA 10 years ago, I was especially pleased to be able to work on another important piece of disability legislation while celebrating the passage of civil rights for people with disabilities.  Today we are here to pass a joint resolution that incorporates technical changes we made here in the House and re-pass the Senate's version.  This bill originated in the Senate, and out of respect for the hard work of Senators Jeffords, Kennedy and Harkin, we would like to send the original Senate bill to the President to sign.  The DD Act has not been substantially reauthorized since 1994, and is in need of some updating. Just as our technology and science evolves every day, so do the strategies for reaching, engaging, and assisting individuals with developmental disabilities.  Individuals with developmental disabilities often have multiple, evolving, life long needs that require interaction with agencies and organizations that offer specialized assistance as well as interaction with generic services in their communities.  The DD Act seeks to provide a voice for those with developmental disabilities, those with mental retardation, autism, cerebral palsy and epilepsy, as they navigate through the complicated system of public services, policies and organizations that we currently have in place.  The DD Act seeks to provide families with the knowledge and tools they need to help individuals with developmental disabilities become integrated and included in their communities, to foster true independence of those with developmental disabilities and protect themselves from abuse and neglect.  Mr. Chairman, as we stand here today, ready to pass the final version of the Developmental Disabilities Act, I think it is appropriate to acknowledge and remind all of my colleagues of the battle that people with disabilities have fought in order to obtain basic civil rights.  It is appropriate that the House passed the first version of this bill on the 10th anniversary of the ADA, and today as we pass this final version of the Developmental Disabilities Act, the Supreme Court is hearing a case that may significantly alter the civil rights protections granted in the ADA.  Today the court is hearing oral arguments to review whether Congress had the authority to abrogate State immunity and enforce the ADA's antidiscrimination protections against State governments.  A negative ruling from the Supreme Court could call into question altogether the constitutionality of title II of the ADA, as well as other disability rights statutes.  As someone who was there during the debates on the ADA, these questions aren't hard to answer. There was a great deal of discrimination going on at the State level--people with disabilities were segregated into institutions; children were discriminated against in public school; public transportation didn't accommodate wheelchairs; and there was a history of section 504 litigation that proved discrimination was happening at the State level. The Bush administration's own national council on disability documented the discrimination in its report to Congress.  We can't let the court turn back the clock on disability rights in the same year that we are celebrating the anniversary of these important protections.  The ADA allowed us to tear down the wall of exclusion and pour a strong foundation for the house of equality. But that house--in which Americans are judged by their ability and not their disability--is still being built.  The promise remains unfulfilled, but still is within reach.  I urge my colleagues to support the reauthorization of the Developmental Disabilities Act.  Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of objection.  