Chairman, I thank the distinguished ranking member for yielding me this time, and I congratulate him on the job that he has done.  During committee markup of this bill, the subcommittee chairman urged the members to support it despite in my opinion, which the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Wamp) has also reflected, its substantial flaws, saying at that point in time we were in the second round of a 10-round fight. In my opinion, the committee got knocked out in the third round. Having struggled to its feet, the committee now offers a somewhat better bill if the manager's amendment is adopted. But, in my opinion, this bill is still not a winner. We should knock it out again and demand even better for the people we serve.  As members recall, the committee bill was so underfunded that it drew widespread, justified criticism. It would have cut over 1,700 employees from an already pared down legislative branch. It would have denied COLAs to the employees who remained. It would have dramatically impaired our abilityto function, and not because the legislative branch is overfunded. It is not overfunded. This subcommittee has in the past under Democrats and Republicans been quite frugal. The committee's report admits that the cuts were, and I quote, ``not necessarily reductions the committee would have made if not constrained by the budget resolution.'' This is the immaculate-conception argument that has been used repeatedly with respect to our appropriation bills. Translation: these cuts were required to finance the GOP's election-year tax cuts.  The most egregious cut in the committee bill, of course, has been discussed. It would have cut 438 Capitol Police officers from the rolls, 338 by a reduction in force. Let me say something with respect to the gentleman from Florida's (Mr. Young) observations. I do not have figures yet as to uniformed personnel, but our Committee on House Administration of which I have the privilege of being the ranking member, has authorized 1,511 personnel for the Capitol Police. Why? Because unlike the cities that the gentleman from Florida mentioned, we have millions, yes, millions of visitors to this Capitol complex every year, our constituents from all over the country.  The bill as it was originally presented by the committee would pare security back below where it was 23 months ago, before our review generated by the deaths of Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson. The committee refused the Police Board's request for 100 new officers that the two postshooting reviews urged are needed to make the Capitol safe for visitors, staff and Members. Today's somewhat better bill, if the manager's amendment is adopted, funds 1,354 officers on the rolls, about 160 less than are authorized; it fills at least some of the 100 or more vacancies expected next year; and funds a class of recruits that just started training. But in my view, Mr. Chairman, it fails to provide adequate security for thousands who work in or visit the complex, including the police, themselves, on a daily basis.  Police funding is not the only problem with this bill. The committee bill would have slashed spending for the General Accounting Office, which helps us find waste, fraud and abuse in Federal spending, so deeply as to cut 707 staff. The manager's amendment somewhat solves that problem, and I congratulate the ranking member and the chairman for supporting it. But the somewhat better bill still cuts GAO by $8.7 million below this year and 230 FTEs. So it is not like we are making anybody whole here. In 1999, GAO recommendations yielded savings of $57 for every $1 we spent on the GAO. That is a good return, 57 to 1. I believe our taxpayers would think if we saved $57 by spending $1, we are ahead of the game.  The committee bill also took, in my opinion, a meat-axe to the Government Printing Office, lopping over 25 percent of its funding and 400 staff. The Senate bill increases GPO spending, only by four-tenths of a point, but increased it. The committee bill would have effectively ended the depository library program used by thousands and thousands of Americans weekly in most of our districts, eliminated entire classes of congressional printing and even printing for next January's inauguration which we know is coming.  The improved bill still cuts GPO by 7.4 percent and 176 FTEs, including RIFs for 13 people who compile the Congressional Record Index. It restores most cuts to the depository program, I am referring to the manager's amendment, but still cuts printed publications, the kind most library customers actually want to read, going into libraries by 15,000. It restores the inaugural printing, but leaves Members without publications like ``Our Flag.'' It may sound silly, but every school child in America loves that publication and learns more about the flag. It cuts ``How Our Laws Are Made'' and delays reprinting of the only official version of the U.S. Code.  The committee bill would have cut 156 staff from the Architect's office, many of them custodians and laborers who perform the basic maintenance of the Capitol. The somewhat better bill does fund the Architect staff but rejects his request for 13 FTEs to work on life safety matters, including fire safety which should be a priority for this institution.  Overall, the bill still cuts 368 FTEs legislative-branch wide, after we have under the leadership of the gentleman from North Carolina and his predecessors made substantial cuts every year over the last 5 years and indeed, as Mr. Lombard knows, even before that under Democratic control.  Mr. Chairman, I regrettably cannot support this bill even with the manager's amendment. It shortchanges Capitol security and life safety programs, depository-library patrons, oversight of Federal spending and other functions to pay for election-year tax cuts. For most accounts, the Senate figures are where we should be after conference.  