Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I have no additional requests for time. But I know that, on both sides of the aisle, if they were on the floor, all Members would want to rise in support of this resolution. Every Member would want to recognize the importance of the principle involved in the adoption of this resolution, the recognition of those who have been ignored, forgotten, hidden, in part, perhaps, because of the shame that a society shared for on the one hand saying it believed in freedom and on the other hand enslaving a people because of the color of their skin.  This resolution is important in my opinion, Mr. Speaker, not only to recognize those who participated and labored and who helped build this Capitol, but it is also important, it seems to me, because it reminds us of the contradictions between our principles and our performance.  It heightens our awareness, Mr. Speaker, of the gulf that sometimes exists between our promises and our practice. I introduced, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers). I remember standing with him on the front of this Capitol and supporting him in his leadership of the necessity to recognize the contributions made by Martin Luther King, Jr. who, in 1963, stood just some thousands of yards from where we stand right now and reminded the Nation in a compelling address that we ought to live out the dream and make reality the promises that we had made.  Our Nation responded. This Congress responded. We passed legislation to try to make reality the promises of the 13th Amendment passed 100 years before. Whether it was in employment or housing or public accommodations, we said that America was not a land in which we ought to discriminate against individuals based upon such arbitrary distinction as color of skin or national origin or religion.  In fact, we are still arguing today about artificial distinctions we make between human beings and whether they ought to be discriminated against, not on what they do to us or laws that they break, but on what they may be that is different from us.  Mr. Speaker, that is why this resolution is important, not only as the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Watts) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Lewis) have so eloquently pointed out, to recognize the contribution of the individuals who helped build this Capitol and, as the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton) has pointed out, built so many others, including the White House, Monticello, and Mount Vernon. I can go on in listing the dwellings that we know are dwellings in which democracy saw its genesis and its growth.  This resolution is significant because it also teaches us to be aware daily of the necessity of applying our principles in practice.  