Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Speaker, this is a difficult issue. It is an issue which tears Americans apart. Almost every American I know values life, values children, values those in the dawn of their life, as was said earlier.  Let me start by accepting the premises put forth by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn), the premises as to why this procedure is used. Let us accept that. But let us also accept his other proposition, that the termination of the pregnancy can be effected by three other methods. That is what the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn) just told us minutes ago.  Then let me turn to the gentleman's assertion that he could have supported and would support the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Frank). Then let me assertthat it is my position, the position of the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Greenwood), and the position of those of us who ask for this amendment, the Hoyer-Greenwood amendment to be made in order, that we are opposed to all late-term abortions because we value that viable child; because we believe, consistent with the Constitution, the State has an interest in ensuring that that child has every opportunity to live.  Yes, as the Supreme Court and the Constitution require, we adopt the premise that one must relate to the life of the mother and to the health of the mother. As an aside, let me say that most Members and clearly most of the public believe that rape and incest ought to be exceptions.  As the good doctor knows, a woman's physical health is not put at risk per se because the pregnancy results from either incest or rape. It is in fact in the combination of the physical and mental trauma from which that pregnancy results. In fact, what we ask for in this, the people's House, we send 435 Members, men and women from across the breadth of this land to try to come together and make very difficult judgments.  This rule adopts the premise that there is a simplistic approach. It is a gag rule. It is a closed rule. It allows for no alternatives but the alternative presented, not even by the committee, which did not report this bill out. It is in that sense clearly, Mr. Speaker, a political, as opposed to substantive, approach to legislating in this House.  This ought not to be on an issue of this consequence, of this seriousness. There should have been allowed by this rule the opportunity for full debate and alternatives to be considered. My bill, the bill of the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Greenwood), the amendment we sought, said we want to make it the policy of the United States of America that late-term abortions are illegal, not allowed, prevented; not just one procedure of which the gentleman from Oklahoma speaks, but including the three procedures that the gentleman from Oklahoma also referred to, by whatever procedure. We want to deal with this issue substantively.  Mr. Speaker, I ask Members to vote against this rule. Let us legislate thoughtfully, fully, on this critically important matter, and let us prevent and make illegal late-term abortions.  