Chairman, first, I would like to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Chairman Porter) for his outstanding leadership of the subcommittee and because we have the unique opportunity of having the chairman of the full committee here, I also want to thank him for his leadership of the full committee.  Mr. Chairman, this is not in the colloquy, but I want to say with great assurance there is not a fairer, more thoughtful chairman of any standing committee in the Congress of the United States than the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), who chairs the Committee on Appropriations.  It is with great affection and great respect that I rise and thank him for participating in this colloquy.  Mr. Chairman, I am concerned about the funding level for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention of childhood immunizations. The operations and infrastructure account, which provides grants to States for outreach and education on immunization, has, Mr. Chairman, as you know, decreased from $271 million in 1995 to $139 million in 2000, almost cut in half.  While this bill increases funding for the operations and infrastructure account by $15 million this year, it is my hope that this funding would increase by an additional $60 million for a total of $75 million.  Mr. Chairman, I am also concerned about the vaccine purchase account within the Childhood Immunization Program at CDC. The President requested, as you know, an increase of $10 million this year and funding has remained level. I would like to see funding in this account increased by the $10 million President Clinton requested, plus an additional $10 million on top of that.  I would like to thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) for his hard work on this bill, and I would like to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Porter), in his absence, for his hard work on this bill.  Given the constraints of the budget resolution, the gentleman from Illinois and the gentleman from Florida have done an outstanding job of writing what has proved to be a difficult bill for Members on both sides of the budget debate.  It is my hope, Mr. Chairman, that we may work together on this account in conference.  