Chairman, I rise in opposition to this Boehlert amendment. I have the greatest respect for both of the sponsors of this amendment; but as my friend from Texas said, I believe this effectively guts the underlying bill. Indeed, I think that is its intent.  The fifth amendment of the Constitution prohibits the Government from taking private property without just compensation. This prohibition is applicable to local governments, of course, as all of us know through the 14th amendment.  I think that many of us are in agreement that a problem exists in the way that takings cases are adjudicated.  Let me say that for the most part I have opposed the efforts on the other side of the aisle to gut environmental protections. I support substantively those provisions in local, State and Federal law. However, it now takes on average 10 years for the average takings case to be heard. Because of this delay, an unbelievable 80 percent of the cases are never heard on their merits.  Robert Kennedy was quoted, and others have been as well, that justice delayed is justice denied.  I believe that with takings cases, it is clear that justice is being delayed and denied. Therefore, I suggest to my colleagues this is not about States' rights or Federal rights. This is not about liberals or conservatives. This is about whether in the United States of America when an individual feels aggrieved by their government at whatever level that government happens to be, that they have an opportunity for relief and redress; that they can appeal in a timely fashion to have the government's actions adjudged by an independent judiciary.  Now, because this is a constitutional right, it seems to me right and proper that they have access in a timely way to their Federal judiciary. Therefore, although I am in disagreement with most of my friends on this issue, which I perceive to be a process issue, an issue of not denying interminably the ability of Americans to seek redress in the courts, not a substantive issue as to the underlying environmental protections, which I support; but I very strongly support this bill on the process grounds that government ought not to, by constant and interminable delay, deny to any citizen, no matter how poor or how rich, the right to have their rights adjudicated in the courts of this land.  Therefore, I rise in opposition to my friend's amendment and in strong support of the underlying bill, and I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Canady) for yielding the time.  