Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2498, to authorize $2.0 million in fiscal 2001 and $2.5 million in fiscal 2002 to construct a new sea-level base camp for the Smithsonian Submillimeter Array at Mauna Kea on the Island of Hawaii.  The array is a state-of-the art radio telescope located at the 14,000 foot elevation which uses high resolution and high frequencies to produce images 50 times sharper than current telescopes.  This observation site, one of the finest and most important in the world, greatly enhances the ability of scientists to understand, study and track the birth of stars, quasars, and other phenomena.  S. 2498, sponsored by Senator Moynihan, passed the Senate unanimously on June 14, 2000 and was referred to the committee on House Administration. The identical House measure, H.R. 4729, was introduced by Representative Matsui of California, who is a regent of the Smithsonian Institution. It was cosponsored by Representatives Mink and Abercrombie and myself. Passage of S. 2498 by the House today will clear this measure for the President.  Funding for the base-camp project, which is expected to be completed in 2002, has been included in the interior appropriations bill for fiscal 2001, so passage of this authorization bill will complete the legislative process.  Mr. Speaker, this support facility is needed because, due to the altitude, harsh weather and working conditions at the summit, array operations and staff must be located at sea level with only a small staff traveling to the array on any given day. Economical leasing space is not available in the Hilo area, and construction of the base facility will obviate the need for expensive commercial space in that city. According to the Smithsonian, estimated rental costs for the 30-year life cycle of the array would be more than double that of the base facility being authorized here. The project will provide 16,000 square feet of electronics laboratories, offices and support space for maintenance of the array, under the direction of the Smithsonian Institution Astrophysical Observatory. Like other organizations basing observations at Mauna Kea, the support structure will be built on land donated by the University of Hawaii at Hilo Science Park for $1 a year.  Mr. Speaker, we live in an age of exploration, and there are few things which so stir the imagination as the exploration of space.  In recent years we have discovered planets orbiting distant stars, gained new understanding of the age of the universe, and discovered phenomena which have forced us to reexamine our understanding of the laws of physics and the underpinnings of the natural world.  The Smithsonian Institution has played a leading role in the advancement of mankind's understanding of the physical world we can see and touch, as well as of the distant universe, and the world of the imagination which projects like the submillimeter array make real to us.  I strongly support this legislation and I complement Representative Matsui and the Smithsonian regents from the House, Representatives Regula and Sam Johnson of Texas, for their initiative in bringing it before us.  