Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join in support of this legislation. I join the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney), my friend, who serves with me on the Committee on House Administration, in bringing this bill to the floor. I am not only pleased but honored to support H.R. 4846, the National Recording Preservation Act of 2000.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague, the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas), the distinguished chairman of the Committee on House Administration, for his hard work helping to get this legislation to the floor today, and of course, as I have already mentioned, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney), my colleague who is also a member of the Committee on House Administration.  Mr. Speaker, for over 120 years, more than half the life of our Nation, America's music, news and voice has been recorded. From ``Mary Had a Little Lamb,'' the first recorded words, through Franklin Roosevelt's fireside chats, through today's legislative debates, the history of our great country has been broadcast and recorded through sound.  Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, every day, a piece of this history is lost. The sounds of our past, the statesman appealing to our ideals, the singer touching our emotions, the poet romancing our souls, are fading. Soon, they will merely be memories. And once those memories fade, so, too, will a large portion of our Nation's history.  Today, we have a historic opportunity to protect our audio history. Modeled on the highly successful National Film Preservation Act, which Congress enacted in 1988, this bill will create and implement a comprehensive national strategy for protecting and preserving our sound-recorded heritage.  It establishes a national recording registry in the Library of Congress to identify, maintain, and preserve sound recordings that are culturally and historically significant.  It further creates a national recording preservation board to assist the librarian in implementing a comprehensive national recording preservation program. And it establishes lastly a National Recording Preservation Foundation, as the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) has pointed out, to encourage private gifts to enhance our recording heritage.  This foundation will create partnerships with the recording industry thatwill decrease the costs of preservation for the Government and increase the benefits for the people of our Nation.  This bill will preserve our past and give a gift to our future. I am sure that my colleagues will join with the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) and me who enthusiastically support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  