Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, first of all let me say to my colleagues, I really think had we had the opportunity to work on this bill a little longer, I know we have been working on it for 10 days, but, very frankly, we could have done this 8 months earlier had we had real numbers at the start and not been told this is the 1st inning and there are 8 innings left to go. I do not know whether it is the 6th or 7th inning, but, very frankly, this is premature consideration, if you will, because we could work this out. I think we are pretty close to working this out, but we are certainly not close, as the ranking member indicated, with not having added what has been offered by your side to add. That is not added here. We are not close to funding IRS.  Let me say something about the chairman's comment about the level of employees of IRS. Let me remind you, he said there were 95,000 IRS employees. In 1992 there were 116,000 IRS employees. What has happened since 1992? Obviously, as the gentleman points out, they have been reduced 20 percent in the level of employees. That happened.  Number two, we have millions of additional taxpayers.  Number three, the complexity of the returns has increased as a result, very frankly, of some of the tax bills offered by the Republican majority which have become law.  Fourthly, we adopted a Restructuring and Reform Act which said we want you to be more customer friendly; that is to say, we want you to give more services, we want you to answer questions more quickly, we want you to be more available for taxpayers to come in to regional offices, all of which were positive things. But then we turn around and we say, guess what though? You do not have any people to do it.  That is a shell game. It is dishonest. That is why I voted against the Reform and Restructuring Act the first time around, and it is one of the best speeches I ever gave, and it was a very short speech. I got up and I said if you want to be for taxpayer IRS reform, you need to be for IRS reform at tax writing time and at budget time.  That is what this report ultimately said. In this bill, we are $305 million under what Mr. Rossotti, not the administration, asked for. Frankly, Mr. Rossotti asked for more money than this to do his job. So do not go home and tell your taxpayers, boy, we are providing the kind of service that you need, because we are on your side, we are taxpayer friendly, and then pretend that you can go from 116,000 IRS employees to serve 270 million Americans, and, sure, it sounds like a big number, until you decide that there are 270 million Americans that are covered. They do not all pay taxes, some are kids, some do not make enough money, but they are all in the mix. And you go down to 95,000, and then expect to say, oh, well, you can do it.  I agree with my chairman, and he and I are good friends and respect one another, and I respect the big chairman, the chairman of the full committee. I think we can work this out. I think we can get pretty close, and I think we can get the administration on board. We did not participate in most of this. Yes, we discussed it, yes, I know the chairman is frustrated by the fact that we have not reached agreement. But you should not have brought this bill forward today, because it would have served the process and our committee if in fact we had worked this bill out and come to the floor together and said we have done what we should have done on IRS, we have done what we should on counter-terrorism, we have done what we should on court houses, and very frankly, we may stay where we are on court houses, with some additional discussion the chairman and I have had.  But I would urge my colleagues, this is not the bill we ought to pass. In my opinion, and the President has not told me this, it is not going to be signed. And why do we continue in the 7th or 8th inning, or the 10th or 11th inning, wherever we are in this inning process, Mr. Chairman, I do not know where we are, but wherever we are, we should bring it to closure through agreement, and we are prepared to do that. We want to do it, I think we can do it, I would hope we would do it. I would hope we would send this bill back to a conference, that is a strange conference, because the Senate has never considered this bill. To that extent there was really nothing in the conference other than our bill, and in fact we did not conference our bill, it was added to the Legislative bill, which is why it is there.  So, my colleagues, I ask you to reject this. We can do better, and we will do better, and, when we do better, this bill will be whole, all of it.  