Speaker, I rise today as one who has consistentlyvoted against normal trading relations for the People's Republic of China. Today, however, I will vote for PNTR because I believe the facts have dramatically changed. Our deep disagreement today is not on the ends that American policy seeks to achieve, adherence to human rights and worker rights by all nations. Our difference is on the means to achieve those ends.  Contrary to what critics say, PNTR provides no blank check for China. In fact, China has agreed to make historic trade concessions that it has never agreed to before, opening its markets, slashing its tariffs, and agreeing to abide by the global trading system based on the rule of law. If they renege, so can we. In contrast, our annual votes never required China to make any concessions whatsoever. Still, China has received NTR status year after year after year. At best, our annual votes on NTR had a minimal effect in mitigating repression and human rights in China. As the current ranking member and for a decade chairman of the Helsinki Commission which monitors and advocates human rights, I believe that the Levin-Bereuter proposal is an important contribution to this bill. The bipartisan proposal would establish a congressional executive commission on China. As our experience with the Helsinki Commission indicates, a China commission will be a more effective mechanism for maintaining pressure on China on human rights, worker rights, and rule of law issues than our brief annual reviews.  Let me conclude, Mr. Speaker, by noting that this vote also is critical, in my opinion, for our core national security interests, which include the stability of China and Asia in general, and the peaceful resolution of differences between the PRC and Taiwan. That is why our allies in the region support PNTR and China's accession to the WTO. Engaging China through trade and the WTO enhances, in my opinion, the possibility for dialogue on other security interests from the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction to global climate change.  Mr. Speaker, as the most powerful Nation on Earth, we have a responsibility to engage China, the most populous nation on Earth and move it, if we can, toward democratic reform, market economics, the rule of law, and respect for basic human rights. As President Kennedy stated in 1962, ``Economic isolation and political leadership are wholly incompatible. The United States has encouraged sweeping changes in free world economic patterns in order to strengthen the forces of freedom.'' These words still ring true today. Let us seize this opportunity for a more stable and safer 21st century.  