Speaker, the Republicans' risky and irresponsible tax schemes have more lives than Freddy Krueger, the marauder in the movie ``Nightmare on Elm Street.'' They died in August, and they are back in February. They just will not die no matter how bad they are.  Last year's monster tax machine, a plan that primarily would have benefited the wealthiest Americans, is back to haunt us again this year. The majority has chopped a huge tax bill into smaller bills, and the marriage penalty bill before us is one of those pieces.  Well, we are not going to stand by while they threaten the American economy. We are not going to stand by while they strengthen our sacred compact with seniors, Social Security. We are not going to stand by and let them turn Valentine's Day into the Valentine's Day Massacre of America's future.  It is clear, the majority did not learn a thing after last year's tax debacle. The American people saw right through the Republicans' $792 billion risky tax scheme. They saw that the top 1 percent of American income earners would have reaped 41 percent, the top 1 percent, 41 percent of the benefits, according to an analysis by Citizens for Tax Justice.  That unfairness is one reason why President Clinton vetoed that bill. And that is why, my colleagues, Senator John McCain called it ``a cornucopia of good deals for special interests and a nightmare for common citizens.'' That was John McCain. This is a nightmare the majority apparently wants us to relive today.  Now the majority has even hitched its wagon to the tax plan put out by presidential candidate George W. Bush. The Bush campaign says its plan would cost an estimated $483 billion over 5 years. But what it does not say, my colleagues, is that the Bush tax plan would explode to $1.8 trillion by fiscal year 2010.  The Bush plan not only would eat up the entire non-Social Security surplus, it would also raise as much as three-fourths, 75 percent, of the 10-year projected Social Security surplus, according to the Citizens for Tax Justice.  We are not the only ones who see the dangers lurking. In Johnstown, Iowa, on January 16, again Senator McCain commented, ``Governor Bush's plan has not one penny for Social Security, not one penny for Medicare, and not one penny for paying down the national debt.''  In one of his television ads, Senator McCain stated, quote, ``There's one big difference between me and the others: I will not take every last dime of the surplus and spend it on tax cuts that mostly benefit the wealthy.'' That was Senator McCain.  Neither will we. We have a rare opportunity in our Nation's history, and we must seize it. Let us use these surpluses to shore up our sacred promise of Social Security. Let us extend the life of and add prescription drug benefits to America. And let us pay down our national debt and keep our economy vibrant for future generations.  I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill, the first of many that would only squander our budget surpluses.  