Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I have 3 minutes. We have an hour Special Order. Each one of us that stands could spend an hour talking about our friend, Henry Gonzalez.  This is the people's House. We are proud of that. No person in history better represented an advocate for the people than Henry B. Gonzalez of Texas.  In a land of plenty, Mr. Speaker, and in a time of unprecedented economic prosperity across our Nation, many Americans, with no malicious intent in their hearts, may overlook the plight of the poor, the downtrodden, the vulnerable. That, however, could never ever be said of Henry B. Gonzalez of Texas, who passed away at the age of 84 just a few days ago.  Throughout his entire life in public service, including his 37 years in this Chamber, where he represented his beloved community of San Antonio, he was a battler for those who were struggling in our society. He was a champion of the underdog and for social justice throughout his 37-year career in this body and previously in local and State government. He was a man of integrity, compassion, commitment, courage, unquestioned honesty.  Born in 1916 to recent immigrants from Mexico, he knew firsthand discrimination and poverty. He entered public office after once resigning a position as a probation officer in juvenile court because he was prohibited from hiring an African American.  Henry's fight for social justice continued when he was elected to the San Antonio Council. He won approval for a measure there to desegregate city facilities long before it was the popular issue of the day.  In 1957, he became the first person of Mexican-American heritage elected to the Texas Senate. His legacy in that body, as has been referenced, certainly is focused on a 22-hour filibuster that he conducted to ensure the defeat of measures protecting school segregation. Henry could never, and would never, countenance rank injustice such as that.  Henry B. Gonzalez was not always successful in the short term, but his cry for justice in the long term was usually successful. Henry's indefatigable quest for social justice and equality continued, Mr. Speaker, when he was elected to the House in 1961.  Over the years, he rose to become the chairman of the Committee on Banking, as we have heard. In that regard, he fought for the little people, the people who did not have the lobbyists in Washington or the great money to advocate their position. And during his tenure on that committee, he was instrumental in helping to pass key housing legislation, repairing the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and cleaning up the savings and loan scandals of the 1980s.  While Henry was undoubtedly proud of his ethnic heritage, he always insisted that it did not determine his politics.  ``I am a Democrat without prefix, suffix or apology or any other kind of modification,'' he once said.  Yes, Mr. Speaker, in this, the people's House, the people had no more articulate, no more committed, nor more courageous advocate than our friend Henry B. Gonzalez.  When I first came to this House in 1981, I was privileged to serve on the Committee on Banking. I was privileged to know him as a leader, as a role model, as a friend. America and its principles and Constitution had a great advocate in Henry B. Gonzalez. America, Texas, San Antonio, Charlie our colleague and his son, his other brothers and sisters, his wife, his family will miss him most. But, Charlie, know well that we miss him as well. We loved him when he served with us, and we love him now.  Robert Kennedy once said that:       Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve      the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends      forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a      million different centers of energy and daring, those ripples      build a current which can sweep down the mightiest walls of      oppression and resistance.  Henry Gonzalez did much more than send forth a few tiny ripples of hope. His life's work and his legacy were a strong, powerful wave that gives all of us the energy and commitment to keep up the good fight, and keep the faith.  