Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Jackson). He has put forth a number of propositions. Those propositions are that we have an outstanding economy; we have a surplus.  Our colleagues differ on the reason for that. My view is that because of 1990's bill, which they largely voted against, and the 1993 economic program, which every one of them voted against, we have this economy and we have these surpluses. As a matter of fact, as they, I am sure, know, their own CBO just 2 years ago said that the reason we have the surplus is because of the 1993-94 Congress, which, of course, the Democrats controlled. And in the two Congresses subsequent to that, the Republicans added $12 billion to the debt, while we reduced it $142 billion. So that is what the Republicans' CBO says.  But that aside, this is a substantive important debate. It is about priorities. And I want to say to my friend, the chairman of the subcommittee, for whom I have, as he knows, unbridled respect and affection, he got up initially in opposition to the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois and said, look, we have the best economy that we have had in a very long period of time. We have 3.9 percent unemployment. And as a result of that, people are employed, people are working, and, therefore, they do not need the services and, therefore, we can cut, as he said, in real terms these programs.  Now, I hope the chairman will listen to me, because while his general proposition may be true, it is not true for one of the specific cuts that I am going to speak on. This bill adds $14 million back into the bill through this amendment for those with disabilities.  In 1990, in a very bipartisan way, we passed the Americans with Disabilities Act. George Bush signed that act on July 26, 1990. One of the titles in that bill was to get those with disabilities into the job force so that they could work, so that they could support themselves, so that they would have a substantial measure of self-respect.  As the chairman well knows, there are only 29 percent of those with disabilities who are working in America today. Only 29 percent. Now, that means, without much math, that 71 percent of those with disabilities are not working. It is not 3.9 percent, 14 percent, 18 percent, or 25 percent. It is 71 percent of those with disabilities who are not working. So Secretary Herman suggested to the President that we add some money into this bill, approximately $21 million, for the purposes of establishing an office that would reach out to those with disabilities, reach out to employers and bring them together so that they could be employed and have, as Mr. Gingrich so often referred to, an opportunity society. Well, it meant, as George Bush said, an opportunity society for those with disabilities.  What the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Jackson) is trying to do is to say that Secretary Herman and President Clinton were correct; that we need to make this effort, we need to make sure those with disabilities are brought into the workforce. And I would say to my friend that over three-quarters of those who are not working want to work. They want to work. What this initiative of the President, which the gentleman has cut out of his bill, is trying to do is to help those people work.  We passed a welfare bill. It was controversial, but its premise was that in America if an individual can work, they should work to support themselves and to have a sense of self-worth and good feeling about themselves. We know that that expands the ability of human beings to feel good about themselves and be healthy.  