Speaker, I yield 3\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), a member of the Committee on Appropriations.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Speaker, one or two points I might make here is that, quite frankly, the continuing resolution is enough time for us to try to do our business here if we have not accomplished it. But the fact of the matter is that this is going through next Wednesday. We will not be here. They are letting us out of here. There will be no work done on the issues that we have to focus on until we get back next Wednesday. So it is really a little bit disingenuous about the amount of time that we need in order to get business done, when no business will be done on prescription drugs, on Social Security, on any other issue that is important to the people in this country.  Secondly, to my good friends across the aisle, quite frankly, the only people, the only people who have shut this government down, not once, but twice, have been my colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle. So that if any one wants to talk about jeopardizing Social Security or veterans' benefits, take heed my friends, because my colleagues did it not once, but twice.  But I will just say that here we go again, another week comes, another weeks goes, and this Republican Congress continues inaction on a specific issue, I might add, in my view, which is a critical priority for this country, and that is education.  Mr. Speaker, instead of trying to fashion a bipartisan agenda, where we invest in our schools and our teachers, reduce class size, increase accountability and standards, the Republican leadership today is going to push through another stopgap measure that only preserves the status quo, the fourth, fourth stopgap measure that the House will consider. Quite frankly, it ought to be the last.  Instead of working only 2 days a week naming post offices, this Congress ought to stay here every single day until the work of the American people is done. My friends, that is what we are paid to do. That is what we get elected to do in this body, and we should do it, it is what our obligations are.  Mr. Speaker, the final budget for this year is now 2\1/2\ weeks late. It did not have to be this way. We could have moved forward by crafting a bipartisan budget that reflects the values of this great country, which paid attention to America's number one priority, the education of our children.  The Republican leadership rejected bipartisan progress. They drafted a budget that puts tax cuts for the wealthy at the very head of the line, and they pushed education to the bottom of the list. We are left with their misplaced priorities. This House has passed $750 billion in tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans. They have spent not one dime to modernize America's crumbling schools, not one dime to hire 100,000 new teachers to reduce class size, increase discipline and to hold schools accountable for the results.  The analysis on their tax cut is as follows: 43 percent of their tax cut goes to the richest 1 percent of the people in this country, that is folks making an average of about $915,000 a year, and for those folks, they are going to get $46,000 a year in a tax cut. And by his own admission, Governor Bush, 2 nights ago, said yes, in fact, that the tax cut was going to the richest 1 percent of the people in this country. Yes, in fact, a trillion dollars was coming out of this Social Security.  Let me just say, it is, in fact, in their own words, we need to do the people's work in this House; that is what it is about, and we need to look at what we are doing about education, what we are doing for retirement security. These folks need to really understand what the priorities are.  