Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much. We appreciate his comments and appreciate his welcome to his district and appreciate his invitation back.  I think I pointed out, and the point that was made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Hoeffel) was apt, that Selma is America, and America can learn lessons from Selma, as Selma needed to learn lessons from America.  Doug Tanner, we all do thank you. You have made our lives richer, more whole, by your ministering to us, ministering to us in a variety of different ways, some of which some would say are religious, some would say secular, but surely ministering to our souls and to our hearts and to our heads so that we will be better persons and treat one another as we would want to be treated.  As I was sitting here and listening to all of you speak, I thought to myself, we rise here every day as we begin this session and pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic for which it stands, one Nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.  The lesson of Selma is for all. Indivisible. We cannot segregate rights and expect any of us to long enjoy those rights. That, John, is the lesson I think you were teaching to the country, that Martin Luther King, Jr., was teaching to the country.  If you hold truths to be self-evident and you say that all men are created equal and endowed not by the State, not by government, but by God, by their creator, with inalienable rights, then God's creatures mean for all, liberty and justice for all.  John, I think you made us a little more cognizant of what that really means; and as the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood) has pointed out, it teaches us better how to go home with our friends and neighbors, families and colleagues, and to emphasize how important it is for our Nation to be better than it is today. As great as it is, as just as it is, it can be better, if we realize that we must have it as a Nation with justice for all.  Mr. Speaker, I thank you for giving us this time to commemorate an extraordinary experience in the lives of each one of us.  Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues. I honor and thank my brother, John Lewis; and I thank my friend, Doug Tanner.  