Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I want to respond to the remarks made initially by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, and to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Isakson). Both spoke very rationally. They spoke to the point. I wish we could have more of that kind of debate.  But there is a difference, I tell the gentleman from Georgia, and it is a significant difference. It is a substantive difference. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), when he made his presentation, said that the difference between us is that we want Washington to decide and they want the LEAs to decide, the local education agencies to decide. Because it is their proposition, effectively, that the money that they have included in is not targeted for school construction, indeed, not targeted, per se, for teachers, but is a revenue-sharing program. That is essentially the flexibility. I am sorry that you grimace.  But the fact of the matter is the rhetoric on their side has continually been that the locals can decide. Some people may need classrooms. Some may need additional teachers. But some may need computers. Some may need recreational facilities. They will have the flexibility.  Now, I suggest to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Isakson) that he is correct that this amendment will not solve the classroom shortage in America. No amendment could do that. No bill in one year could do that.  What this amendment, however, seeks to say, I tell the gentleman, is that we at the Federal level have identified two very significant critical problems. One, we do not have sufficient classrooms in America to house the swelling number of students in America. Two, we do not have sufficient teachers, quality teachers to teach those children.  There are other problems in America. But as we do on so many of the educational programs that my colleagues referenced and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Goodling) in particular referenced, we say there is a problem here. We are going to put some dollars. LEA, if one wants to solve the problem here, are the dollars to do it.  That is the difference between us. We do not want to turn this $1.5 billion into simply a grab bag. It is for emergencies that exist in school construction and safety.  The gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey) is exactly correct. The gentleman ignored the tax component of this, which spends $5 billion or $6 billion to leverage five times that or 500 percent times that, five times that to $25 billion in bonds that can be issued by local governments.  Now, who decides to hire the teachers? The local government. Who decides whether to build the schools? The local government. The Federal Government does not make that selection, nor does it demand that the local governments do that.  To that extent, I suggest to my colleagues that, when they represent that we want government at the Federal level to decide, that is a misrepresentation and not useful for this debate. The issue really is whether or not we have a targeted sum or we have a general sum. The general sum clearly, I tell the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), will not solve the school construction problem or the teacher problem.  