Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I rise to simply speak on behalf of the amendment that was already adopted, which I strongly support, and I want to thank the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur) for supporting. I also want to thank my good friend, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. Skeen) for supporting this as well.  This dealt with the alternative fuels amendment that was already adopted, and the reason I wanted to rise in support of it is because for the last 11 months the Beltsville Agricultural Research Center, which is located in my district and so strongly supported by the committee, has been conducting a pilot project using biodiesel. Biodiesel, or any of the other alternative fuels, makes sense for two reasons, Mr. Chairman. First, because biodiesel is derived vegetable or soybean oil it opens another potential market for our Nation's farmers. Secondly, biodiesel is good for the environment. It is a renewable resource that burns much cleaner than conventional diesel.  At BARC, they use 80 percent diesel and 20 percent soybean oil mix. Their test results found that using biodiesel reduces carbon dioxide emissions 16 percent. Now that may have already been mentioned, but it bears repeating. Particulate matter, which is a major component of smog, is reduced by 22 percent and sulfur emissions are reduced by 20 percent.  Mr. Chairman, to date the 143 vehicles in their fleet have used over 60,000gallons of biodiesel in their trucks, tractors and buses. They have found that maintenance costs are the same as using conventional diesel fuel.  In fact, the mechanics at BARC's motor pool actually prefer using biodiesel. Not only does it increase lubrication throughout the engine but unlike regular diesel, it does not emit fumes that cause eye irritations, a fact that those of us who have been behind buses from time to time will think is a pretty good idea.  I was going to urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment, but I want to commend my colleagues for already having done that, but I am pleased that I had the opportunity to rise. I congratulate the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur) for this initiative.  