Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I voted against the Treasury-Postal bill when it originally was presented to the House. I did so because I thought it was inadequate. It came back from conference, and I opposed it at that point in time. We did not really have a real conference. But to the extent that a conference report came back, I said it was inadequate, and I opposed it.  The gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe) rises, and I think correctly states the provisions of this bill. I think he also correctly states that we did, in fact, reach bipartisan agreement on this bill, and that in fact the bill, as it now stands, as it stood before the President, as it stands now is a goodbill. It is a bill, in my opinion, that every Member of this House on either side of the aisle can support.  It is furthermore a bill that I hope every Member of the body will support at some point in time in the very near future. I am not sure when we are going to get to that point, but hopefully in the near future.  The gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe) also correctly points out, and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) pointed out, if one reads the veto message, that the President of the United States says that he can sign this bill. In fact, I urged the President of the United States to sign this bill. I wished he had signed the bill. But he chose to make the point which, frankly, we have been making over and over again, that, unfortunately, this process did not come to really focus until just a few weeks ago.  The reason it did not come to focus until a few weeks ago, and I do not speak just to the Treasury-Postal bill, it is because, for 8\1/2\ months and effectively all of September, we pretended that the appropriations process was not going to be a process in which all of us would be party, but it would be a process that simply, frankly, the majority party would be a party of.  Unfortunately, when we did as the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe) has pointed out, come to agreement, and agree on a very good bill, we got it down there relatively late, i.e., 10 days ago.  I would urge the Members, however, not to become too exercised about this bill. The reason I do that is because I believe we do have agreement. What we do not have agreement on is what the President discussed in his veto message, and they are important issues. They are unrelated, at least substantively, to the Treasury-Postal bill.  But we know and any of us who have been in the last weeks of any legislative session, and I found this when I was in the State Senate for 12 years and I found it here for 19 years, that, unfortunately, issues tend to get wrapped up with one another that do not necessarily relate to one another substantively but clearly do politically.  So I would urge the majority party, I would urge ourselves to try to come to agreement. Now both sides feel that agreements are not being kept. That is not a good context in which to try to get back to the table.  The majority party believes the President said he would sign this bill. I was not in the room, therefore cannot assert that that was or was not the case. Some others who apparently were in the room and talked to the administration said that the administration said that they could sign this bill, but, again, I was not in the room, but that they were concerned, they were particularly concerned about a particular tax provision, and they wanted to see all the tax provisions considered at one time.  Now, I hope clearly that this bill is going to go to committee and the veto will be considered. My suspicion is that we will at some point in time, hopefully in the near term, fold it in.  But I would urge all my colleagues that, when the President says that it is related to other things, his desire, and I hope our desire, is to get the issues before the House resolved, get the issues before the Senate resolved, and send them to the President.  We have just had a significant discussion about the fact that we do not have agreement on the Labor-Health bill. The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), who was in the room, I was not, but the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), whose integrity I trust wholly, says that he thought they had an agreement.  It is my understanding, although the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) did not say so in so many words, that he thought there was an agreement, but he needed to check it out with some people. That agreement fell.  I would hope that, in the next 24 hours, and I see the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), the majority whip, is on the floor. He and I worked together on a number of things. But I would hope that we could come to grips with the items that the President of the United States has said he believes are priority items.  Whether one agrees with the veto of the Treasury-Postal bill or not, everybody agrees that it was not on the substance of the bill. The bill is a good bill. It is, however, an effort by the President of the United States to bring to closure the 106th Congress, to bring to closure the 106th Congress in a way that will bring credit to agreements between the parties.  I referred earlier in discussions about the appropriations bills to an extraordinary speech given by Newt Gingrich on the floor of this House. It was a speech which I have entitled the ``Perfectionist Caucus Speech.'' It was a speech in which he said the American public has elected the President of one party, a majority party in the House and Senate of another party, and a very large and significant number of Members of the President's party.  It is not surprising, therefore, that we find ourselves in substantial disagreement from time to time on substantive important issues. But as Newt Gingrich said in that ``Perfectionist Caucus Speech,'' it is the expectation of the American public that we will come to agreement, that we will come to compromise.  Democracy is not perfect, and rarely do we win everything that we want. But the American public does expect us to agree. They expect to bring this Congress to a close. We argue on our side that they expect us to do some things that we have been talking about for an entire year and, indeed, longer than that in many instances to which the President referred, like education funding for classrooms and more teachers.  That is really not a contentious issue. Most of us on this floor on both sides of the aisle know that we have a shortage of teachers, know that we have a shortage of classrooms, know that we would like to get classroom sizes down. We ought to move on that.  Most of us say that we are for prescription drugs for seniors. We have differences on how that ought to occur. What the President is saying is we ought to come to agreement on that, because, frankly, seniors that are having trouble paying for prescription drugs do not care whether we agree on this dotting of the I's or the crossing of the T's. They want us to come to agreement. It is a shame we cannot do that.  I see the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Norwood) on the floor. The gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Norwood) and the gentleman form Michigan (Mr. Dingell) came together, worked hard, tried to come to agreement. I am sure the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Norwood) did not get everything in the Patients' Bill of Rights bill that he would have liked. I am equally confident that the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell) did not get everything that he would like. But they worked together.  Indeed, the majority of this House agreed with the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Norwood) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell) and passed a Patients' Bill of Rights. We did that in 1999, a year ago. The Senate passed a similar bill some 11 months ago. But we do not have agreement. We have not moved a bill. On an issue that almost every one of us is putting in ads of 30 seconds and saying we are for, but we have not moved the bill.  So I would urge my colleagues, as we consider this, it is going to go to committee, I hope we do not have a rollcall vote on. There is nothing we can do about it, very frankly, one way or another. It is a good bill.  The President chose to veto it to raise the issues and try to raise our focus and try to bring us to closure. If it accomplishes that objective, perhaps it was useful. It remains to be seen whether we will accomplish that objective. Had it been signed, we would have had a good bill for the Treasury Department, the General Service Administration, for law enforcement, to which the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe) referred, he is absolutely right, to counter terrorism efforts in this country. All of those are worthwhile objectives.  It is a good bill. But let us not have this bill further divide us. Let us try to come to grips in the next 24 hours with the Labor-Health bill and get that to resolution and see at that point in time where we can move.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) for yielding me the time. I appreciate his giving me this opportunity to comment on this bill, which is a good bill, but comment as well on the efforts that the gentleman has been making and that others on the other side of the aisle havebeen making to try to bring us to closure, try to bring this Congress to a respectable close that the American public will benefit from.  