Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my very distinguished colleague, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Ehlers). I might say that he started out with saying that he had a long history in dealing with libraries and was going to go back to his childhood; and I want to tell my friend I was going to jump to my feet and yield him more time on the theory that it might take some time. He is a distinguished scholar and a distinguished Member of this body, and I want to join in his remarks.  Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this concurrent resolution which honors the Library of Congress and its extraordinary staff. As the oldest Federal cultural institution and the largest library in the world, the Library of Congress serves a unique role in American life. It is the keeper of our past and a teacher of our future.  The Library archives America's cultural history through its collections of 119 million items, including books, films, musical recordings, prints, maps, and photographs.  Make no mistake, though, the Library is not simply a collection of documents wasting away in a Federal warehouse. Due to an extraordinarily talented and dedicated staff, the Library, as the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Ehlers) has pointed out, is a true American treasure. The employees of the Library of Congress make millions of items in the collection come to life as a living history of our Nation.  Through its 22 reading rooms on Capitol Hill and its extensive web site, the Library, as I said, educates America. Whether it is a Member of Congress examining an issue, a school child researching a report, or an author writing a book, the Library of Congress will have what they are looking for and its staff of ``knowledge navigators'' will make sure they find it.  Just last month, Mr. Speaker, I introduced my new web site at the James Madison Middle School in Upper Marlboro, Maryland. The student who washelping me demonstrate the site was doing a paper on the Gold Rush. Through my site, we linked to the Library of Congress' American Memory web site.  The student searched for information on the Gold Rush and emerged with a treasure trove of information, letters from frontiersmen, pictures of the Old West, lyrics from music sung on the trail. I saw a light, Mr. Speaker, in that young boy's eyes as history came alive for him.  This is but one small example of the power and impact of the Library of Congress. It is an example that is repeated daily in classrooms all across America. The answers that boy found, the answers the Library helps all of us find, do not come to us simply because we click the mouse or pick up a phone or visit the reading room. The answers, Mr. Speaker, come because of the hard work and dedication of the staff of the Library of Congress.  We do not always know their names, but it is impossible not to know their work. They are the ones who find the books, who organize the materials, who research the issues, who write the summaries, and, yes, who update the web site. Our lives and the American people's lives are richer for their work.  I am proud to join my friend, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Ehlers), in honoring them today and the Library itself. I am honored and privileged to support this resolution.  The Library of Congress is among the finest institutions in our land and, yes, even more so than that, probably the finest library in the world and one of the finest institutions in the world.  It is led by an extraordinary American, Dr. Jim Billington, my friend, a scholar himself, one of the intellectuals of this Nation, one of the experts on Russia and many other subjects. But he and the staff with whom he works have brought alive the information so necessary to succeed in our society today.  Mr. Speaker, the Library of Congress was relevant when it was founded 200 years ago. In the information age, I suggest to my colleagues, the Library is more relevant today than it has ever been. It is opening up the gateway to knowledge, knowledge essential not just to the young but to all of us if we are to succeed and to enjoy this information age in which we live. Mr. Speaker, as I said earlier, I rise in strong support of this concurrent resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I do not have any requests for time, I tell the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Ehlers). I know my colleagues on the committee, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fattah) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Davis), join me in my comments and in the comments of the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Ehlers) and in their congratulations to the Library of Congress and to its staff.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  