Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this CR.  Mr. Speaker, I have supported the previous CR's. I rise, representing the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), the ranking member who, unfortunately, has been called off the floor.  Mr. Speaker, the Members of the majority are fortunate. They have been fortunate in September; and they have been fortunate in October. Let me tell my colleagues why. The Olympics were on in September and people were focused on the Olympics. The World Series is just about to start. The playoffs have just completed, and the people have been focused on those. And we have a presidential race. It is a tight race, as everybody knows, and the people have been focused on them. All of those events have captured the public's attention and diverted it from what is not going on in this House.  What is going on here is that one of the greatest deliberative bodies in the world is doing practically nothing. We are at a standstill, Mr. Speaker, and the American people are suffering because of it. No meaningful Patients' Bill of Rights, despite the fact that it enjoys wide bipartisan support. No Medicare prescription drug benefit, despite the fact that our seniors need relief from skyrocketing drug prices. No reasonable gun safety legislation. No Hate Crimes bill. No targeted tax relief for hard-working American families.  Let me say, we could have passed inheritance tax or estate tax or death tax, call it what you will, relief for 98 percent of the estates in this country and the President said he would have signed it. We could pass legislation to relieve married couples from the penalty that they might incur. But because we could not give all of a loaf, we have passed none of the loaf.  As Roll Call stated recently, ``If they paid attention,'' and as I said, they have been distracted because of the Olympics, the World Series, the playoffs, the presidential debate, they, the public, ``surely would be appalled,'' said Roll Call.  We are now considering our fourth continuing resolution because the Republican leadership has not had us doing anything this week, the previous week, the week before that, the week before that and, yes, the week before that. Look at the Record. We have hardly met since Labor Day.  My distinguished chairman references the fact that we got our work done in July. With all due respect to the chairman, we passed 13 bills by July which all of us on this side said were not going anywhere and, very frankly, we were absolutely correct and, very frankly in my opinion, the majority knew they were not going anywhere.  How do I know that? Because they said, well, this is the first inning or the second inning or the third inning, we know this is not the real deal; but at some point in time we will get real. We have not done it yet. We are not there yet. There is still no end in sight.  While negotiations have continued behind closed doors, the fact of the matter is the President has still signed only three of the 13 spending bills that fund the basic operations of our government.  I ask my colleagues, is this any way to run a railroad? Well, I do not know about that, but it is certainly no way to run the people's House. Even many of our Republican friends are hard pressed to say it is.  Last week our colleague, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Sanford), commented, and I quote Mr. Sanford, not a Democrat, but Mr. Sanford, ``Anarchy reigns at the moment. Nobody is quite sure what comes next.''  Clearly we are not, because we are not told. But the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Sanford) from the majority side says, ``Nobody is quite sure what comes next.''  Let me tell my friends on the Republican side of the aisle one thing they can count on. Democrats will never, never, never sell out America's children. Our kids need and they deserve smaller class sizes, which improves their learning and achievement. The Democrats' class size reduction initiative to hire 100,000 new teachers does just that.  Our kids need, Mr. Speaker, and they deserve safe schools, a great number of which now require repair and renovation. The Democrats' and the President's school modernization initiative does just that. Our kids need and they deserve highly trained and highly qualified teachers. The Democrats' teacher quality initiative does just that. Our kids need and they deserve safe and drug-free schools. The Democrats' safe and drug-free school program does just that.  These, however, Mr. Speaker, are not just Democratic priorities. They are the priorities of the American people. If we fail to enact them by passing a Labor-HHS-Education conference report that looks anything like the bill that passed the House in June, of which my chairman spoke, then we have failed future generations.  Mr. Speaker, I will vote against this resolution. I expect, however, it will pass. I do not want to see the government shut down. Nobody on this floor does. But I do want to see us do our work.  The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), who has stayed here the last two weekends, has told me that no meetings have been scheduled to work on any of the bills. So that when we go home tonight at some point in time, apparently no work will be done on Friday, no work done on Saturday, no work done on Sunday, no work done on Monday; and we will come back Tuesday at some point in time.  As I said, I will vote against this resolution. But I also want to urge the majority party, the party that wanted to eliminate the Department of Education to take education off the chopping block, we can do better, we should do better, we must do better, and the American people and our children deserve better.  Let us do, I say to my colleagues of this House, what the voters sent us here to do and pass the bills that meet their needs and address their concerns.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  