Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Olver) for yielding me the time, and I rise in support of this conference report and particularly to discuss the component of this conference report which deals with the Treasury Postal bill, of which I have the honor of being the ranking member and working with the gentleman from Arizona (Chairman Kolbe).  As the gentleman from Arizona (Chairman Kolbe) indicated in his opening remarks, this has been a difficult bill and difficult for us to come to agreement between ourselves and with the administration, but I believe we have done so.  I believe we have done so in a very responsible fashion, which provides for an additional sum for the IRS, which is critical for the agency to meet the mandates of the Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998. I think there is agreement on that between the gentleman from Arizona (Chairman Kolbe) and myself in our subcommittee.  Without this funding, a successful completion of the 2001 filing season would quite possibly have been at risk. Customer service would have been reduced and audit coverage could have continued to decline. In addition, this legislation continues the modernization of the IRS by upgrading its computer systems and business practices.  All of that was critically important to do, and I am pleased that we are adding a sum sufficient to accomplish those objectives in this conference report.  Mr. Speaker, it also includes more than $37 million in funding to counter terrorist threats along our northern border, enhances the Federal Government's joint terrorism task force, and to establish a new national terrorist asset tracking center, which was very important to the administration. They had asked for $50 million. They did not get all $50 million but they got about $38 million, and that was a significant step forward in countering terrorism.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the conference for including sums, and this is the transportation conference, so that we might complete the reconstruction of the Wilson Bridge.  Mr. Speaker, I will vote for this conference report, both because the transportation side of it is good, and I think the Treasury Postal side is a very good step forward.  I want to join in the remarks of the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Sabo), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Transportation, with reference to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf). Frank Wolf is a good friend of mine. He is a man of great character, intellect and deep integrity.  He is a fine Member of this body, and he has, as the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Sabo) indicated, led this committee for 6 years, in a very, very bipartisan and substantive way. And I join the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Sabo) in his complimentary remarks about the leadership of the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf), who is such an important Member of the Washington metropolitan delegation.  Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Treasury, Postal Service and General Government, and thank, as he did, the staff: my own staff, Pat Schlueter and Scott Nance who worked very hard on this bill. I thank the gentleman from Arizona (Chairman Kolbe) for his words about them, and then Michelle Mrdeza who is our staff director. She does an extraordinary job trying to keep all the component parts of our bill together.  It has been a very difficult year for her, because, as all of my colleagues know, we have had some problems on the Senate side passing the bill. I also want to thank Jeff Ashford, Kurt Dodd, Doug Burke, and Tammy Hughes for their work on this bill.  As the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf) said and as the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe) said and as the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Sabo) said, we cannot do this work without very conscientiousness, very able, very hard-working staff; and although this has been a difficult process, they have stayed with it, and their effort was a critical component of our success.  Mr. Speaker, as I said, I will support the conference report, which includes the additions which I think will make the Treasury Postal bill a signable bill by the President.  