Speaker, I share the amusement of the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), my ranking member, at the recitation of history. First of all, CBO, your CBO that you appointed the chair of 2 years ago came down and said the reason we have cut the deficit is not because of anything that was done on the Republican leadership, it was because of the 1993 economic program that was adopted by Democrats only, not one Republican voted for it, and the 1990 program signed by President Bush, which was excoriated by that same Speaker Gingrich and a number of the rest of the Members of his party.  The gentleman from Florida (Mr. Scarborough) also has a selective memory, I suggest to my colleagues, about what Mr. Greenspan said before the Committee on the Budget, the Joint Economic Committee, and every other committee before which he has testified about the tax cuts. Then you take out each individual item. You were smarter this year. You said people like this, people like that, so we will take it in small bites, and maybe they will not notice that the total is more than the one they did not like a year ago August when you thought you were going to go to the American public and say, ``Do you believe the President of the United States is going to veto this bill?'' And, guess what, the American public said, ``Yeah, not only do we believe he is going to, we think he ought to because we think it puts Social Security and Medicare at risk.''  Now, this year you cut it up in little pieces and thought maybe you could nibble it through. But it would have had the same consequence. Mr. Greenspan whom you quote said, ``Uh-uh, you ought not to do that.''  Let us go back a little more in history in the 1993 bill. The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kasich) said that, if we passed the 1993 bill, the economy would fall off the precipice. Mr. Gingrich said, if we enacted the 1993 bill, the economy would go in the tank. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. Armey) said that it would create high deficits, high inflation, and economic disaster. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay) said that it would create unbelievable unemployment and unbelievable deficits.  Now what has happened, Mr. Speaker, is exactly 180 degrees opposite of what every Republican leader said in 1993 would happen as a consequence of the adoption of the President's economic program. In fact, we have the best economy in the lifetimes of anybody in this room, low inflation, more employment than we have ever had, and the fastest creation of jobs at any time. Healthy, robust economic growth. Most houses owned by American citizens ever in history. Every indicator is positive as a direct result.  Now, going back to what CBO said. CBO said that, not only did you not bring down the deficit, but in 1995, 1996, 1997 and 1998, the net effect of those 4 years was to increase by $12 billion the deficit. So the net reduction was approximately 140 if you put those two bills together.  So let us tell it like it is. I would repeat the gentleman from Wisconsin's (Mr. Obey) admonition when you say veto strategy. The President has not vetoed anything this year.  Now, we are going to pass the CR. It is the responsible and right thing to do. I am for it. We have done it in the past because we have not reached agreement. But I tell the gentleman fromFlorida (Mr. Scarborough), the reason we have not reached agreement is because the budget resolution was a resolution for political sake, not for substance sake.  Nobody on the Committee on Appropriations, I tell my friend the gentleman from Florida, nobody on either side of the aisle in the Committee on Appropriations thought for one minute that the Committee on the Budget's resolution was going to be carried out in appropriation bills, not because of the President, but because you cannot get it through the Congress of the United States. We said that in April. The gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Spratt) said that in April. That is why I quoted the gentleman from South Carolina. In fact that is what has happened.  Let us work together. Let us not have the Perfectionist Caucus prevail.  