Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) and the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. Cubin), who represents Wyoming so well, in rising in support of this resolution. The gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. Cubin) referred to it as an important resolution, and that it is. It may not be controversial, but it is important.  Mr. Speaker, as ranking minority member of the House Administration Committee and the Joint Committee on the Library, I am pleased to support this concurrent resolution to enhance the National Statuary Hall collection by accepting this statue of Chief Washakie submitted by the State of Wyoming.  Each of the 50 States, Mr. Speaker, as my colleagues know, is permitted to submit two statues for our collection, which then become the property of the United States. This is Wyoming's second statue and brings the total number of such statues in the Capitol to 97 since the law creating the collection was enacted in 1864.  Mr. Speaker, Congress has usually adopted concurrent resolutions such as the one before us today upon the arrival of a new statue for the collection from a State. H. Con. Res. 333 provides that the statue of Chief Washakie will be displayed for not to exceed 6 months in the Capitol rotunda. It will then be moved to a permanent site within the Capitol, as directed by the Joint Committee on the Library, since there is not sufficient enough space in Statuary Hall to accommodate all of the existing collection.  The concurrent resolution would also authorize use of the Capitol rotunda on Thursday, September 7, at 11 o'clock a.m., for a ceremony where Wyoming will formally present the bronze statue of Chief Washakie by the noted sculptor Dave McGary.  The concurrent resolution would provide for the printing of an appropriate number of copies of the transcript of the proceedings, under the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library, for use by both Chambers of Congress and by the senators and the representative from Wyoming.  Chief Washakie, as it has been noted, lived from 1798 to 1900. He was a leader of the Shoshone tribe who united his people into a significant political and military force. Both warrior and peacemaker, he recognized that survival of Indian tribes in the western United States depended upon accommodation with migrating settlers and the United States Government.  In 1868, he signed the Fort Bridger Treaty, establishing reservation boundaries of more than three million acres around the Warm Valley area of Wyoming.  Chief Washakie spoke English and French as well as a number of other Indian languages, including, of course, Shoshone. He was a skilled negotiator who gained substantial benefits for his people at a time when many other tribes engaged in futile warfare with the army and incoming settlers.  Chief Washakie knew that peace was better than war for his people and, as a result, did very well by them and was honored until his death by them and is honored today by them and by their State, Wyoming.  When Chief Washakie died on February 23, 1900, he was accorded a full military funeral. I am told that he is the only known Indian chief to receive such an honor.  Mr. Speaker, Wyoming has exercised its prerogative to honor Chief Washakie for his significant role in the early history of the State.  We in this Congress, I know, are pleased to support this concurrent resolution and congratulate its sponsor on her leadership and for helping to facilitate the presentation of the statue to the people of the United States.  