 Mr. Speaker, I remember being in the leadership of this House when in early August 1990 Saddam Hussein determined to go into Kuwait. I remember shortly thereafter President Bush called a meeting down at the Executive Office Building and there were literally probably 60 of us in the meeting room, at which time President Bush set before us what had happened, what the challenge was and his intent. I was proud then and remain proud today that, to a person, everybody, Democrat and Republican, went out of that room and said we are going to support the President in confronting this aggression. And, in fact, that is what occurred.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this particular resolution, because although it was easy for us to sit in that room and say yes, we will confront aggression, in the final analysis it is the individuals in uniform who take on that responsibility to confront aggression in the trenches, in the field, in the air and on the sea. It is those, young people for the most part, who show the courage and conviction to let aggressors of the world know that the United States is prepared to confront them.  Operation Desert Storm was the largest United States military deployment since the Vietnam War. Our National Guard played a role that was very important to the success of that mission to end Iraq's invasion of Kuwait. This resolution honors appropriately those who served in that conflict and the sacrifice they made for their country.  The National Guard consists of ordinary citizens who are also volunteer soldiers devoted to defending America's freedom. Since the phaseout of the draft in 1973, our military forces have had to depend on a smaller volunteer force, one that has become more sophisticated, more educated, and more technologically advanced. Making up an increasing share of our military force is a group of well-trained, well-educated and technologically savvy citizens who are also some of our best soldiers. We know them as the National Guard. The Army National Guard has units in 2,700 communities in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. The Air National Guard has 88 flying units at more than 170 installations nationwide.  Over 267,000 men and women were called to active duty during Operation Desert Storm, each playing a vital role in ending Iraq's invasion of Kuwait. I join all of my colleagues in recognizing this 10th anniversary of this event to honor those who served and those 57 individuals who lost their lives.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for introducing this measure and join him in honoring our National Guard.  