Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Skelton) for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I want to say I adopt the remarks made by the ranking member and the chairman as well as my friend, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Sisisky), with respect to this bill. I am a strong supporter of its provisions as it deals with readiness and as it deals with quality of life for our members of the armed services.  I want to talk about really an extraneous provision on this bill which I am very pleased with. The National Commission on Fire Prevention and Control issued a report in 1973 called America Burning. For the Fire Service, this was a turning point in its 350-year history. This is another turning point. The fire package attached to this conference report is a scaled-back version of legislation offered by my good friend, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell). The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell) has championed his fire act tirelessly for the past 2 years. Some told the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell) that it would not happen.  I note that on the floor today, as well, is my good friend, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon), who cochairs the Fire Service Caucus with me. He and I are still working on getting an additional $100 million in emergency funds available for our fire fighters.  To the credit of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell), he never lost faith. He pushed and working together with all of us in the Fire Service Caucus, and I note the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Andrews) is also on the floor with me. We have one of the finest pieces of legislation for fire fighters this Congress has ever passed, and I thank the chairman. I thank the ranking member, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Skelton), and SenatorWarner as well, for their leadership and help on this, and congratulate the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon) for his work on this as well.  To his credit, he never lost faith. He pushed, cajoled, and lobbied tirelessly to move his legislation forward. As a cochair of the Fire Caucus I would like to thank him, the Fire Service organizations and literally thousands of fire fighters from across the Nation for all their hard work.  I would also like to thank my fellow cochairs Rob Andrews, Curt Weldon, and Sherry Boehlert for all their leadership on this issue.  Mr. Speaker, as I said before this is a watershed moment for the Fire Service and I urge all my colleagues to support the conference report.  