Speaker, I thank the distinguished ranking member for yielding me time. I regret that I was late getting here to speak.  I reiterate my respect, affection and empathy for the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, who has tried to get this process going. During debate of the last two CR's, I talked about that and made similar comments. I am not going to spend so much time on the appropriations bills. We are late. We have been late in the past, as I am sure the chairman has observed earlier.  I rise today at the occasion of the passage of this CR to lament the fact that not only have we not completed the appropriations bills, which I know that the ranking member has spoken eloquently about already, but we have some outstanding critical agenda items that have been discussed in the two Presidential debates and the Vice Presidential debate. There has been a lot of talk about how we are going to work together and how we are going to have bipartisanship so that we can have action.  There has been a lot of talk about the fact that we have not accomplished certain objectives over the past few years. I lament the fact that we have not accomplished those objectives, as well. In my opinion, we have not accomplished them because we had leadership and a majority in this House that did not want to accomplish them.  The Patients' Bill of Rights. We passed a bipartisan Patients' Bill of Rights. Not only has the appropriations process been languishing, but Patients' Bill of Rights has been languishing, unpassed, unsigned and, as a result, unhelpful to the American public.  Prescription drugs. The debaters say they are for prescription drugs. Some debaters say, well, why have you not gotten it done? Well, for the same reason we have not gotten the appropriations bills done and we need a CR, because the majority party has not moved them forward.  We want prescription drugs under Medicare for every senior guaranteed them. And by the way, no government HMO, as some ads and the statement of the chairman seem to reflect. We have not passed a prescription drug bill, just as we have not passed the overwhelming majority of the appropriations bills. Why? Because the majority has not sent them to the President for signature.  Education, on everybody's radar screen, is the number one issue in America because the public knows that educating our children is critical to the future of our Nation.  The President stood, Mr. Speaker, on the dias in front of us and said, we need to provide more classrooms, we need to provide more teachers, and we need to provide smaller classes, particularly for our young children in kindergarten to third grade. Why? So they can compete in a world-class economy and be world-class citizens.  Both candidates talk about that. But the Labor-Health bill still languishes with those provisions. Why? Because the majority has not come to grips with passing legislation to ensure there is school construction funding for more classrooms, safer classrooms.  We have not provided for the additional teachers that the President asked for in January. Here we are 9 months later. Why? For the same reason the appropriation bills languish and have not been signed by the President of the United States.  Yes, the President has vetoed one appropriation bill. He sent it back to Congress. That bill is now pending passage in the Senate. But most of these bills have never gotten to the President, not because of the chairman, but because the other side has not come to grips with exercising its majority to pass the needed legislation.  So whether it is Patients', whether it is prescription drugs, whether it is more classrooms for our children and more teachers so that to ensure a quality education, those bills have not been passed. Yes, I will vote for this CR. And, like the ranking member, I will implore our majority to make sure that the next CR is for 1 day only so that we get our work done. We must press forward not only with these appropriation bills but with the critical agenda put before us by the President of the United States 9 months ago.  Mr. Speaker, let's hope that the third time is a charm. Let's hope that this third continuing resolution gives us the time we need to finally complete our work on the fiscal year 2001 appropriations bills.  Let's hope the majority leader, Mr. Armey, is correct when he says that we are within ``an inch or two from closure'' of the appropriations process.  Because from where I'm standing--and I think the vast majority of members might agree with me on this--we've still got a mile to go, it's an uphill hike, and we've got legislative riders dragging us back down.  The President has signed only three appropriations bills into law.  He is expected to sign two others--agriculture and transportation. But that leaves eight bills undone, including energy and water, which was vetoed.  Now, I appreciate the Majority Leader's optimism. You might call it irrational exuberance. However, I think most Members of this body tend to agree with my friend from South Carolina, Mr. Sanford.  He is quoted in Rollcall this morning as saying: ``Anarchy reigns at the moment. Nobody is quite sure what comes next.''  Over on the other side of Capitol Hill, Senator McCain didn't mince words either. He commented: ``It's just what I predicted--the biggest train wreck in history.''  Mr. Speaker, as I've said repeatedly, the blame for this budget debacle does not lie at the feet of the Chairman of the Appropriations Committee, my friend Mr. Young. I empathize with the Chairman. He has done a very good job under trying circumstances.  But his hands have been tied in this process, specifically by the GOP's unrealistic budget resolution that made a mockery of our appropriations process this year.  And today, we're living with the fallout.  As my friend, Mr. Spratt, the ranking Member of the Budget Committee, noted earlier this week, this Republican Congress--which pretends to be fiscally disciplined--has already appropriated $10.6 billion more in budget authority in five bills sent to the President than the President requested for those bills.  Our sticking point continues to be the substantive riders, which are a staple of GOP budget strategy:  Barring the EPA from issuing stricter limits on arsenic levels in drinking water;  Preventing the EPA from requiring polluters to clean up the contaminated sediments that they have deposited on river bottoms; and  Blocking the Interior Department from imposing new environmental controls on the hard-rock mining industry.  I completely agree with Chairman Young, who was quoted on the hill yesterday as saying: ``The thing that is holding us up are the non-appropriations issues that should have been taken care of in authorizing committees. If we only dealt with appropriations issues, we would have been finished.''  Yes, we would.  But instead we are in a situation where the majority whip, Mr. DeLay, says he doesn't ``have a clue'' when we will adjourn. This morning, he is quoted as saying that this budget fight could ``go to the end of October. It could go up to November 6.''  Mr. Speaker, the Republican majority has shown time and again that it would rather block than lead. On a patients' bill of rights. On a Medicare prescription drug benefit. On a minimum wage increase.  The American people have a right to demand more than the bare minimum.  And, with yet another continuing resolution, this Republican majority proves that it can't even give them that.  