Speaker, I thank my friend, the distinguished gentleman from Baltimore, Maryland (Mr. Cummings) for yielding the time to me and, Mr. Speaker, I also want to join with my other friend, the distinguished gentlewoman from Montgomery County, Maryland (Mrs. Morella) in strong support of this Federal Employee Health Benefits Equity Act of 2000.  The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cummings) and the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella) have explained very well the purposes of this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I rise to, perhaps, discuss this in a little different perspective, but I think an important one. Many pieces of legislation come to this floor and we focus on them because they seek to focus on personal responsibility. Unfortunately, in America today too many people believe that having children is not a personal responsibility. They believe that perhaps it is biologically their child, but somehow not their responsibility.  We have passed legislation and the distinguished gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde), the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary is on the floor,and he and I have cosponsored legislation which seeks to ensure that once somebody is blessed with a child that they will meet their responsibilities to that child. We passed legislation, as the gentleman from Baltimore pointed out, in 1993 which said that we were going to ensure that children would be covered under the health care policies of their parents. However, we did not also include Federal employees, the Federal Employee Health Benefit Plan, under that provision. We thought we had.  I think that was our concept but we had not and this legislation seeks to cure that defect in the language.  Now, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cummings), the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella), and I are unreserved supporters of Federal employees; but Federal employees, like every other individual in our country, need to meet their responsibilities. I believe that I had and continue to have a personal responsibility for my children. It is not the responsibility of the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cummings) or the responsibility of the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella), it is my responsibility. They are my children. Now, they are all adults now, but I view them as a blessing. I view it as a blessing that I have the opportunity and the wherewithal, very frankly, to help them.  I would hope every parent would do that; not only would I hope they would do it, it is my expectation that they would do it. And this legislation simply says, as the gentleman has pointed out in correct detail, that if a court orders you to carry your child on your policy and provide them with health care coverage, critical to every child in America, then the Federal employer, like every other employer, will comply with the law in making sure that you meet that personal responsibility.  So I rise in very strong support of that. Some will say it is an additional burden on Federal employees; I say it is not. It is an equitable treatment of Federal employees as we want every other employee in America to be treated so that children in America will be better cared for and will grow up more secure and safe and better citizens.  Although this bill will not get national publicity, it is a very important bill, not only for the children that it will immediately affect, but for the principle that it adopts of responsibility of parents for the welfare and well-being of their children.  