Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, the public must be confused in listening to this debate. No one has stood on this floor, no one, to say that we should not spend the money that the committee has included in the bill for the object in the Census Bureau, nobody. Everybody agrees that we are underfunding the Patent Office, including me, in this bill.  This bill is $2.7 billion under what the committee almost to a person determines are the needs of this bill. Committee does not have that money, and they had to make hard choices. My friend and colleague, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran), spoke passionately for this amendment, because the objective of this amendment is to ensure that the Patent Office has sufficient funds.  I agree with that objective, but I most emphatically do not agree that the solution to solving that problem is to take money from someplace where everybody also agrees the money isneeded. My colleague, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Frank), in his inimitable fashion said this is a shadow debate about a shadow budget. What did he mean? This is not real.  It is not real, because we know in the final analysis there is going to be more money in this bill. There is not an honest person who is a Member of this House that does not know this bill is going to be higher when we adopt finally the conference report than it is today; therefore, I urge my colleagues to oppose the Coble amendment, not because I oppose the objectives of the Coble amendment, because I believe that those in this floor who support both the census funding, and I might say there is too little census funding in this bill, we ought not to take more of it and decimate the objects that the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Maloney) has articulated, who has done such an incredible job on the census issues, and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Sawyer) who spoke earlier.  The solution is not to take money from census, the solution is to get money to the Patent and Trade Office. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) mentioned the arcane scoring process, where actually PTO makes money. They charge fees. They have the dollars available to them, but because we have lowered the cap, in effect, our 302(b)s, it cannot be spent. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Rogers) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. Serrano) had to make hard choices, their hard choice was we ought not to underfund census.  We are going to look to do better for PTO as this proceeds through the process. I, therefore, come down on the side of allowing this bill to move forward, and I will tell my friends who, like me, support those in the high-tech industry, in particular, who are critically concerned about these PTOs that they are going to be lobbying heavier than those who are concerned about the census. Therefore, I am convinced that if the tactic, if you tackle that, the tactics should be let census remain as it is in the bill, confident that those who are concerned about the Patent and Trade Office, as I am, as the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren), as the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Eshoo), who are here in front of me, we can be confident that that will be made whole in conference before it gets to the President.  I think we have more confidence in that alternative than we can be and that the census will be made whole. I urge my colleagues in conclusion to leave the bill as the committee has reported it. It is not sufficient. It is not sufficient, but we are more likely to make PTO sufficient in conference than we are census.  Both are critically necessary as every speaker has articulated on both sides of this issue. In sum, this is a tactical determination, not a substantive one, because no one disagrees with either substantive proposal. But to rob from Peter to pay Paul, when Peter perhaps will be less attended to than Paul does not make good tactical sense.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment and support additional funding for PTO.  