Speaker, today we waste more precious time on yet another bloated tax bill. This motion to override the President's veto, as the chairman has correctly pointed out, will fail. He knows that. The Republican leadership knows that as well. Yet we persist in this play-acting.  The Republican leadership must give the appearance of doing something, anything in this do-the-wrong-thing- for-special-interests 106th Congress. What do I mean by that? The reason we do not reach a compromise on this is not because of those who are penalized under the marriage penalty but those who are not penalized, the wealthiest in America. That is why we do not come to agreement with the President. That is why we do not come to agreement on both sides, not because of the couple discussed by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Manzullo). We can all agree on that.  The Washington Post got it right recently when it said of these Republican tax bills, and I quote, ``It is not clear which, if any, will be sent to the President. But that does not matter in a mock Congress. It is the show that counts.''  Here we are at the show. Just like last week's debate on the estate tax where we could give millions of Americans relief, but the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Archer), my friend, the chairman for whom I have a great respect and affection, we are not doing it, because of the thousands that the President will not include in the bill and that we will not include in the bill.  We are being forced to participate in this show once again today. Meanwhile, the clock keeps running. There are less than 20 days left on the legislative calendar, and we still have not approved 11 of the annual spending bills that keep the Federal Government operating.  The prospects for a Patients' Bill of Rights, a meaningful prescription drug benefit for seniors, a minimum wage increase, a middle-class tax relief grow bleaker by the day.  We agree that the marriage penalty must be remedied. Our bill offers $95 billion in relief over 10 years. But instead of reaching compromise, the perfectionist caucus says do it my way or take the highway.  The leadership once again forced us to genuflect at the alter of Republican ideology, tax cuts for those who need them the least. That is where we differ, not on the couple that the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Manzullo) just referred to.  This bloated tax bill would cost an estimated $292 billion over the next decade. It would squander our surplus while not helping this couple who would pay higher interest rates because of the deficits that would result in the squandering of the resources. It would strip us of our ability to strengthen Social Security and Medicare and, as I said, a prescription drug benefit.  Pay down the debt and invest in our children's future. The Republicans' special-interest political agenda is preventing, not facilitating, tax relief for working families. Let us sustain the President's veto, and let us get down to meaningful compromise that will affect millions of Americans that need it most.  