Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe) for yielding.  This has been an extraordinary experience for all of you young people. Some of the best young people in America are chosen to come here to see firsthand American democracy in action. You have heard Members from time to time talk about this as the people's House, and that is what it is. A group of extraordinary human beings got together in 1787 in Philadelphia in what Catherine Drinker Bowan in a book the Miracle at Philadelphia called appropriately a miracle and created a government, a way that people could resolve their differences and set policies for their future.  It perhaps does not seem quite extraordinary from the vantage point of the 21st century as it was in the 18th century, such a construct was unknown in the world. Now, in the world, there is a shining example for every Nation in the world, and it is the United States of America. It is that Constitution that was written in 1787.  It is an extraordinary document, and this House was created specifically to represent the people, directly to represent their passions, their fears, their hopes and their vision, and it does so. And as all of you live in communities and you see sometimes the people have great aspirations and sometimes they have feelings that are not so great, that are small, and, perhaps, not worthy of themselves or their community, and you see that reflected here as well sometimes.  But over the decades and, yes, the centuries that this House has been the repository of the hopes and visions of the American people, it has for the most part acted well and, as a result, is the example throughout the world of what a democratic institution ought to be.  Now, the body across the way, in which you have not served, the United States Senate, was created, as you know, as a representative of the States, of those 13 independent Nations that got together and formed a Nation, and, in effect, it gave up some of their sovereignty but made a deal in the process to make sure that the States were represented in the United States Senate.  In the last century, of course, we amended the Constitution, they are directly elected, not by the State legislatures, it is this House elected every 2 years that was designed to reflect the will of the American people. And you, as the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Kelly) said a little earlier, had been given an extraordinary privilege.  Think of all the millions of young people your age in America today and think of how few of you got the opportunity to visit here, be here and work here every day that we were in session. And you got to learn firsthand how well this extraordinary experiment in democracy, in people working together to resolve problems and set policies can and does work. Because you had been given a significant privilege, you also have a very serious responsibility, and that responsibility is to go home and talk to your friends, your fellow students, people who you will work with, your parents, your sisters, your brothers, your aunts, your uncles and other relatives, and tell them about their democracy. And, hopefully, you will go from here excited about what you have learned and excited about this process and urge people to participate in their democracy, by voting certainly, but by participating as well on behalf of the party or candidate or policy of their choice, because that is what makes this an extraordinary body.  It reflects the sentiments of citizens, but it can reflect the sentiment of citizens only to the extent that they participate and articulate those sentiments and let the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Foley), the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Davis) and myself and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Kanjorski) know those sentiments and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee). And because you have firsthand knowledge that millions and millions of Americans will never have, you have had a special privilege, but also, as I said, a particular responsibility.  I would be remiss if I did not say to James Kelly from my district, who, in a few short years, will either vote to hire me again or fire me again, how pleased I have been to have him here. And I know every Member feels as keenly about each of you whom they had the privilege of representing as I do about Jim Kelly.  This is a graduation of sorts. I see some tears, and there will be more, but those ought to be tears not just of sadness. You will have made friends that you will keep for all of your lives and information and knowledge that you will never lose. Use it well.  Thank you for your service, not only to us, not only to this institution, but to your country as well. Congratulations. And Godspeed. Thank you.  