Speaker, I thank the distinguished ranking member for yielding time to me, and again I rise, as the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Stenholm) rose, to say to my distinguished chairman and friend, who does a great service for this institution of the House and a great service for the Committee on Appropriations, and it is a better committee for his service, but unfortunately, he was given a no-win task at the beginning of this year.  Mr. Speaker, let me quote: ``Nobody has ever done this many this quick in less time.'' Some may recall that that was the self-congratulatory statement in July of the majority leader, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Armey), regarding this body's passage of all 13 appropriation bills through the House.  Even, frankly, the New York Times could not contain itself. The headline over a story earlier this year cried out, ``GOP passes spending bills at record clip.'' But oh, what a difference a few months makes, and, I might say, a dose of reality. We had passed in July and sent to the President two of 13 appropriation bills that were signed into law. August came and went. September came and went. We have two bills signed by the President of the United States and 11 still pending.  Now, we have passed the energy and water, and the President says he is going to veto that. So the two out of 13 was the same as we had in July, and despite the fact that both chambers have since passed the energy and water spending bill, the President vowed again just the other day to veto it.  In addition to the haste, I might say, that we passed these bills in, there was a great deal of hubris, too, on the part of the leadership, which acted as if we could disregard the views of the minority and the fact that it only held a six-seat margin.  My friends on the other side of the aisle have said that that makes it difficult. I agree. The only way it can be done is for us to come together and work together, realizing that the American people have elected 435 folks who have differences of opinion, 100 members of the Senate who have differences of opinion, and, as Speaker Gingrich pointed out and I referenced last week when we passed the CR, a president of the United States who does not agree with some of us.  Apparently it just never occurred to the Republican leadership that it needed to or should reach out to Democrats and to the President and try to strike a bipartisan budget resolution last April. That is why we are here, because the budget resolution passed on a partisan vote was not reasonable, was not acceptable, and could not be implemented, no matter how talented the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) or the subcommittee chairmen were on the Committee on Appropriations. Everybody knew that and said it in April. That is why we are here.  Instead, they forged ahead, and I do not mean the chairman. He was directed to do that. They forged ahead with a budget plan that even many of my Republican friends knew was unrealistic and could not be implemented.  Were we really going to eliminate Head Start for more than 40,000 children to make room for big tax cuts? Were we really going to cut more than 600 FBI agents and 500 DEA agents? Were we really going to provide Pell grants to 316,000 less young people to go to college? Of course not. Neither that side of the aisle nor this side of the aisle thought that was going to occur.  So in failing to come up with a reasonable budget resolution, and I want to tell the Members, I voted for a couple. I particularly voted for the one that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Stenholm) offered which said, let us do 50 percent debt reduction, 25 percent for investment and 25 percent for targeted tax cuts. That made sense. Even if we did one-third and one-third and one-third, that would have made sense.  Now, however, because of our failure to enact a reasonable budget resolution, we are operating in an unrestrained, unidentified budget context without parameters. I do not think that is what anybody wants to do. It is certainly not what I want to do.  Yesterday my good friend, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Callahan), a Republican leader in this House, a man of great wisdom, in my opinion, and great integrity, he is a member of the Committee on Appropriations whom I respect and who understands the necessity of legislative consensus, he was quoted in Roll Call: ``We knew all along we would appear to be losing when we broke these limits in the budget resolution.''  So this was predictable. The day of reckoning was as foreseeable as the beginning of the new school year, the turning of leaves, and the start of the football season.  The responsibility for this logjam lies with those who thought this budget resolution was reasonable.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues, however, obviously, to vote for this continuing resolution. It is not the Chairman's fault that this continuing resolution is here. We have not finished our business. Who is responsible for that? All of us. We understand that.  But I speak not so much in a partisan vein but for this institution, because if we come together, whether it is next year or the year after or whatever, in an attempt to pass appropriation bills that we can send to the President in a timely fashion, then we will not lose the leverage as a legislature, and forget about Republicans, Democrats, or who is president, but as a legislative body.  But every week that goes by, we lose leverage. That is not good for the institution of the Congress. I argued that when we were in control, and I will argue it when they are in control. Let us work together to approve the remaining spending bills. I just voted for one. I was glad to see it passed. I hope the President signs it. That is what we should have been doing all along.  I want to tell my friends, I think that 90 percent of the Republicans on the Committee on Appropriations knew that to be the case and wanted to do that. I hope we can do that, Mr. Chairman, as we conclude this session, and I hope we certainly can do it next year, whatever the outcome of the election.  Again, in closing, let me congratulate the chairman. Let me congratulate the ranking member. I do not know anybody in this body who works harder, who is more conscientious, who is more courageous in standing up for his beliefs and the beliefs of his party than the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey).  But I very frankly think that the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) are working together in a way in which America can be proud and can place its trust in. I am just sorry that they could not get the rest of us perhaps to go along in as bipartisan a fashion as they most of the time have the opportunity to do.  