 Madam Speaker, I rise in reluctant opposition to the motion to instruct conferees. The House and Senate, both Democrats and Republicans, have been working together to complete work on as many appropriations bills as possible as quickly as possible. We face a looming deadline of September 30. We are making great progress.  The conferees recognize the importance of the four bills included in this conference package: Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies; Financial Services and General Government; Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies; and Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies. These programs support economic growth, the preservation and promotion of our natural resources and agricultural products, and critical law enforcement functions.  As chairman of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, I am determined to complete this legislation, a commitment I know my friends on the other side of the aisle and on the other side of the Capitol also share.  As we are doing with the two other conference committees, both of which I am serving on, we are negotiating in good faith and working to ensure that the agencies and departments under these bills are adequately funded.  The House and Senate are returning to regular order, and this is great news for the American people. We should let the process work as intended.  Given this, this motion to instruct is unnecessary. I am sure it is going to be one of the items we will be discussing over the next few days. We should not risk any delays to completing the final conference report for these four bills, particularly given the deadline and limited number of legislative days ahead.  Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this motion to instruct conferees, and I yield back the balance of my time.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Madam Speaker, I appreciate the chairman's reluctance in opposing this because the Payment in Lieu of Taxes program is a nonpartisan issue and it is something that the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee has been struggling with over our allocations, and it is something, as I bring up, that the Senate has in their bill, something which I think is a good idea and should be discussed. I look forward to further discussions on this, as well as with the other conference committee the chairman and I serve on, Madam Speaker.  But we have a precedent for using this provision. In fact, it a fiscal year 2018 enacted bill. This provision would simply ensure that 100 percent of the PILT payments will be made even if the cost exceeds the cost of the Interior Department's original estimate.  So this is a backstop. This is a guarantee. We still need the authorizers to do their work, but this is to make sure that we don't shortchange any of the other important programs that we fund in the Interior bill. So in my opinion, this is a commonsense issue, and I would urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on that.  Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for his comments and look forward to going to conference and completing our goal together.  Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  