Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California, Kevin McCarthy, our Republican leader, our majority leader.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I want to agree with my friend that all the success that he has is because of Parker. I say that kind of jokingly but seriously as well.  I am pleased to be here to take a moment to recognize Parker Poling, the chief of staff to my dear friend Patrick McHenry. Patrick is the deputy whip.  Many of you know, being a part of Congress, you have to make tough decisions; you have to get the votes to pass any bills; and you have to make things happen. Really, the staff that is around you says a lot about you.  I could think of no finer staff member in all this service than Parker. What I admire most about Parker: There were times when Patrick and Steve and I would be together, and we would come up with a really good idea. We thought it was brilliant. We would go back to our offices, and soon I would get a text or a call from Patrick, who would say: That is a dumb idea.  I would say: Why do you think it is a dumb idea?  Because Parker told me so.  But that was what Parker would do. She understood the Members. She understood the policy. But she understood, really, what we had to have happen.  History is going to be very kind to this Congress, what we have been able to achieve: the lowest unemployment in more than 50 years; being able to pass the tax bill when people on the other side, even though they had come to us personally and said they wanted to vote for it, but the leadership would not let them, so that meant it was resting on one side.  The person who put the work together, the majority of that, was Parker. Yes, she would explain the bill, but she was tough at the same time. There were many times she told me no, and I understood why.  But there is more to Parker than just all that knowledge in legal.  One of the reasons why I am not sad is because she is not going far. She has a new job, and I want her to be as successful in the new job as she was in this job.  But Parker is more than just a great mind. She is also a wife to Todd and a mother to Barrett and Eliza. I think they are with us today, are they not? We thank them for sharing their wife and mother with us. It has meant a great deal. From a very grateful Nation, we want to say thank you.  To Parker, we want to wish her well in her new work. We want her to be successful, because her success means our success. If I go on her past behavior, I am looking forward to a very bright future.  