Speaker, I rise tonight, along with my California delegation colleagues, to express our thanks and appreciation for those Members who are departing the House at the end of the session.  Collectively, these Californians have served for decades here in the House of Representatives. During that time, they have made many contributions that have benefitted their districts, our State, and certainly this country. I am proud to join them on the House floor this evening and pay tribute to their dedication to this institution.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy), the majority leader.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be here tonight with my colleagues from California and recognize our friends who this Congress for some may be their last, others may be coming back.  I recognize Congressman Jeff Denham, Congressman Darrell Issa, Congressman Steve Knight, Congressman Dana Rohrabacher, Congressman Ed Royce, Congressman  David Valadao, and Congresswoman Mimi Walters.  What makes this delegation unique is our bond with each other. In a State with 53 members, a class of 14 gets pretty tight pretty quick. But it isn't simply a matter of proximity that strengthens our ties. You see, it is our bond and belief in our Nation to be a more perfect union, to strive to continue to improve.  Being from California does not mean it is easy to get to Washington. But I will tell you every single week I would see the same faces getting on that plane going home because they understood who they represented. They understood who they had to listen to.They also understood who they fought for. But they would get on that plane again and fly back the 8 or 9 hours to be the voice of those that they listen to. It is amazing--the accomplishments.  You know, for people who walk around this building, at times they will see these paintings of members of the past, and, I will admit, portraits last a long time, but a legacy of change lasts much longer. It is like compound interest or a snowball rolling down a hill. When I think about the legacy of change of my colleagues, it is tremendous.  When I think about from Transportation and Infrastructure to Veterans' Affairs, what a better way of life they have today because Jeff Denham served in this body.  I think of Oversight and Government Reform, the battles and the fearlessness of Darrell Issa.  When I think of the new programs for veterans getting service after hours, it wasn't because a bill passed. It was because a man fought, Steve Knight, because he was a veteran and the work that he has done that will continue to live.  Or the decades that Dana has served, from every aspect in Science, Space, and Technology to beyond, that his voice transferred and made a difference.  Ed Royce, when it comes to foreign policy and what has been accomplished in this Congress, his name was on the title of many of those bills, even when he allowed someone else to run it.  And when I look to California, and the statement out there is: ``Whiskey's for drinking. Water's for fightin'', it is one of the most difficult issues. This entire body got together strong to make a difference that hadn't been done in a quarter century. And the person really behind it was  David Valadao. He is kind of that quiet leader that made a major difference, that he would continue to make things happen.  And it is a unique--but everybody serves a little different. My friend, Jeff Denham, has a voice as strong as his passion, that he can be heard without a mic because of what he wanted to fight for.  But when I look to someone who I consider like my sister, Mimi Walters, she was the one female in our group, but I think we would all admit, she was tougher than any one of us. To serve on Energy and Commerce, when you think of California, and the forefront of the world of the technology of what we have in our State, it continues to lead because of Mimi's voice.  But they all had something very unique, and we have been friends for a long time. They put this country first, and they were willing to sacrifice. Some of us know more of the sacrifice they made than others.  But I want to say: Thank you. I want to say: Thank you for your service. But I also want to say: Thank you for the fight. You were willing to go beyond. Yes, your family missed you some days, but you were doing it for a bigger cause. You were putting people before yourself.  I know history is going be kind. But history is going to be kind because the Nation is better off that you were willing to take that risk. And I want to thank you for your friendship  One thing about family, you might not be here every day, but we will always be together and friends. From a very sincere heart, thank you.  