Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those remarks.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LaMalfa).  Mr. LaMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. Calvert, for organizing this tonight. Indeed, it isn't pleasant, because we are losing some great colleagues here.  The people have spoken, it is their will in the election, and we all know that this is a fleeting time and opportunity to be here. It just really is a reality check when you have plans and you are going along, and an election happens, and all of a sudden those plans change for some of your colleagues or even yourself. Who knows?  But indeed, it has been a great pleasure for me to serve several of my years here overlapping with  David Valadao, Ed Royce, Dana Rohrabacher, Darrell Issa, Steve Knight, Jeff Denham, and Mimi Walters.  It is a fleeting moment, but also one you will always remember. The friendships are the most important things. I am not going to list bills we have passed or this or that, because indeed what I take away are the friendships.  Having come up in the legislature with Mimi, Jeff, Steve, and David, wecame in together, we formed our early competitive political lives together in that crucible in Sacramento. I think when I think back on this, I am not going to remember a lot about the bills or a lot about that, and I don't think any of us really will so much. It is the friendships. It is the relationships. And I count Mimi, Jeff, and David as my closest friends in this place.  So when you go around the hallways here and you see that the bronze plaques have been ripped off the offices there, indeed it is like having a part of it ripped off your heart, you know? But we soldier on, because the people have spoken. It is the will of the voters.  I know I have been proud to always stand with them. Whether fighting for water, for agriculture, for fiscal responsibility, for the right direction for our Nation, I have always counted on these friends to help keep all of us moving on the right track, thinking about the right things.  So indeed in these relationships, the fun that comes along with it, like with my friend ``Cowadao.'' And Jeffrey, who we always refer to each other as our full formal first names. And M-I-M-I. We have had a lot of fun in this. And I think we have all fought hard in the trenches to advance not only our State at that level, but our country as well.  We are all better off for it. I am better off for having known them. And it is not going to be as fun, it is not going to be as fulfilling to be around here without friends like that, but, again, it is the will of the voters. It is how things go.  We will see each other in many other capacities as we move through this life together.  