Speaker, I rise in support of the rule to complete consideration of the FY 2019 Defense Appropriations bill.  I thank the Rules Committee and all the Members who submitted amendments to the Defense Appropriations bill. I commend the chairman, Chairman Frelinghuysen, Ranking Member Lowey, Subcommittee Chairwoman Granger, and Ranking Member Visclosky for their leadership on the FY 2019 Defense Appropriations bill. I would also like to thank our dedicated professional staff who have tirelessly worked on this bill.  I have served on the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee for many years, and providing for our men and women in uniform is a privilege and an honor. This bill provides vital funding for our armed services, including a 2.6 percent pay raise. This bill is an investment in our future superiority on land, air, and at sea.  Earlier this year, Secretary Mattis released the National Defense Strategy. As we know, our Secretary of Defense is focused on readiness and lethality. This bill meets the demands of the Department to restore readiness levels, invest in lethality, buy the equipment that will maintain superiority, and provide for the health and welfare of our men and women in uniform.  We are at a unique time in history that demands U.S. leadership throughout the world. As we know too well, a power vacuum breeds instability and extremism. A strong U.S. military with our allies creates stability.  After too many years of a budget-driven strategy, this bill reflects the investment needed to maintain and secure U.S. interests around the world. The investment we make here today, about 16 percent of our entire Federal budget, has dividends down the road for many years. The security of our Nation, and the peace of the world, depends on a strong U.S. military.  The last time the House passed a stand-alone Defense Appropriations conference report that was signed into law before the end of the fiscal year was September 2009. Let's turn the page on CRs that cripple the Department and return to regular order.  I again thank my colleagues who crafted this bill, our military leadership, and the men and women of the United States military. I urge passage of the rule and the underlying bill.  