I want to take a few more minutes to tell the Senate why I am going to oppose the sense-of-the-Senate resolution.  You pass the sense-of-the-Senate resolution and you are playing Russian roulette with consumers in our health care system. We have patients and consumers who are being denied the information they need with respect to medical services for their physical and mental problems and the treatment options that are available to them. You pass this sense-of-the-Senate resolution and what you say to those patients, in the fastest growing sector of American health care, is, ``We are not on your side. We don't want you to have any rights now. We are not going to do anything about these pernicious, offensive gag rules that exist today. Instead, what we will do is go out and talk to a whole bunch of the same people that the U.S. Congress has already talked to.''  I think that is unfortunate. I think it is risky business. I think that when you have patients who are in jeopardy--and make no mistake about it, that is what happens when you have these gag rules. These patients are in jeopardy. They are not being told what they need to know as it relates to essential health services and the information they need.  I will tell you, I am just absolutely baffled at how the U.S. Senate can say, at a time when patients hunger for information about health care services, at a time when they want to get it on the Internet, at a time when they can go to special programs offered by health care providers, just to know about new treatments and options, I can't understand how the U.S. Senate would then say that we are going to stiff those patients, we are not going to give them the information they need, we are not going to tell them what they need to know to make the essential decisions about the treatment and the services that they think are best for them.  So I think that this sense-of-the-Senate resolution puts patients at risk. It means that we are not going to get any help for patients who need it now, who can't wait 6, 8, 10 months, or whenever it might be until the Senate might take this up again. It is not completely clear to me what the timetable of this might possibly be. But I think that this sense-of-the-Senate resolution puts patients at risk. I think it jeopardizes the well-being of vulnerable people. I think it is the antithesis of sensible health care policy, which ought to be built on the patient's right to know--the right to know everything, not just those things that might be in a planned financial interest. I just can't believe that this Senate wants to wrap up the discussion of this topic by telling patients that we are going to be on the side of the gag rules, we are going to be on the side of those who want to keep you from having information. But that is what this sense-of-the-Senate resolution does.  Unfortunately, it says we won't protect patients now. We are not going to stand up for them when they face these gag rules that limit their right to know. I want it understood that this Senator is going to oppose this sense-of-the-Senate resolution, because it puts patients at risk. It sends the message--and perhaps some may desire to do this--that the U.S. Senate is doing something to help patients when, in fact, it is not. The earlier amendment, the amendment that banned these gag clauses, helped patients. It helped them now, because it made sure that they could have access to all the information they need to make informed and thoughtful choices.  I can tell my colleagues that I come from a part of the country that has managed care, that has had managed care perhaps longer than any other. We pioneered it. We have good managed care. We still have some of these abuses. But I can assure you that your communities and your States have a whole lot more of these problems than we do.  I think it is going to be very, very hard to go home and explain to patients, explain to doctors--because doctors have endorsed this effort to eliminate the gag rules--how it is in the public interest. I cannot possibly believe that you can stand up at a community meeting of physicians, patients, or citizens and say we are not going to give you the information you need about medical services and medical treatments. But instead of giving you the information that you need we are going to have a gag rule, and you can't find out about your rights.  