President, I yield myself 15 minutes. Mr. President, there is a concrete reason for voting for this less-than-perfect bill. For millions of Americans, this legislation can be a tool for turning the welfare check into a trampoline for opportunity and independence. I know this because my home State of Oregon has achieved it.  Once more, the State of Oregon has marked a path for the Nation. By putting in place our welfare reform program, known as Jobs Plus, we have shown the Nation that it is possible to be both tough and compassionate. With our Jobs Plus Program, we have been able to have strong work requirements and critically needed child care and medical care for folks coming off of welfare. The plan is working for both taxpayers and those coming off of welfare. And as the President said yesterday, today's legislation can spark more States into going with the kind of approach we have at home.  Mr. President, a few years ago, an Oregonian approached me on the street and said, ``You know, for me, welfare is kind of like `economic methadone.' You guys send me a check. The checks always come, but you people never let me do anything to break out, to get off welfare.''  This legislation provides the way to break out--a real key for unlocking the riddle of welfare dependency. I think it is an opportunity to remake this system that doesn't work for those who are in it and doesn't work for the taxpayers who pay for it.  Take child care, for example. Child care is an absolute prerequisite to changing welfare. I chaired hearings looking at the child care issue, and we heard heartbreaking accounts of how, again and again, women would get off of welfare, they would be doing well in the private sector, but their child care would fall apart just as they were getting back on their feet.  This bill provides $3.5 billion more than current law for that critically needed child care. That increase of $3.5 billion in child care is going to be absolutely critical to helping folks get off welfare.  In addition, as several of my colleagues have noted, child support is strengthened. I am also pleased that Medicaid is protected as a guarantee for all of our Nation's children.  Now, at the beginning of this Congress, there was a lot of talk about orphanages. A lot of us did not particularly think that all of these orphanages were exactly Boys Town, and nobody seemed to zero in on the question that if an orphanage was Boys Town, it would come with a big price tag for taxpayers. So a lot of us thought that we ought to do something better. I worked very hard to develop a new approach known as ``Kinship Care.'' What the Kinship Care amendment says is that the Nation's grandparents--the millions of loving grandparents--would get first preference when a youngster from a broken home needs help. Instead of sending the children away, the grandparents, if they met the child custody standards, would get first preference. Along with Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, Congressman Clay Shaw, and Senator Dan Coats, on a bipartisan basis, we all worked together on this kinship care amendment.  Now, as we look to the 21st century when, as a result of the population trends and demographics, there are going to be many more grandparents, we have an opportunity to keep families together, to use a new model known as kinship care to provide loving care for youngsters in a cost-effective way.  Mr. President, this legislation doesn't meet my definition of perfection. I will say that I, frankly, detest a couple of these provisions--particularly, what was done with the food stamp shelter deduction and the legal immigrant provisions. So this legislation doesn't meet my textbook standard of what would constitute perfection. I, like a number of our other Senators, am going to fight very hard to make changes in this area. As I think it is critical to do, we ought to be constructive and we ought to look at useful ways that Senators can work on a bipartisan basis for changes.  For example, there has been a lot of talk in this Congress about the idea of a lock box, the idea of special accounts so that when the spending is reduced, those funds are protected for deficit reduction. I have supported that concept. I think the lock box makes sense. Frankly, I think we ought to look at a new idea, and we can call it the lunch box. We could make sure that when you eliminate some of those tax loopholes, when you go after wasteful spending, some of those funds could be put in what I call the lunch box, and we could use these savings to try fresh approaches to ensure that all Americans have access to good nutrition. I think there are a number of new, innovative approaches that we ought to try and that are going to be needed, even after this bill is enacted and signed into law.  At the end of the day, Mr. President, the question, to me, is straightforward: Is this legislation better than the status quo? Is it better than the system that an Oregonian told me was like economic methadone? I think that when you look at the child care provisions, at the Medicaid guarantee, when you look at the opportunity for States to follow the path that Oregon has followed with our Jobs Plus Program, I believe you see the case for supporting this legislation. I intend to vote for it.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  