President, first, I express my thanks to Senator Kennedy. He has done yeoman work on so many health issues over the years. He has just been so helpful to me as a new Member of the Senate. I thank him for all of his help and that of his staff in preparing this amendment.  I think it is clear, Mr. President, that this amendment is not some sort of exotic animal that has just wandered onto the floor of the U.S. Senate to be considered, as if the Members have no awareness of what this issue is all about.  This issue has been the subject of extensive hearings in the House of Representatives. This issue has been all over the news media across the country. Suffice it to say that virtually every Member of this body has heard from constituents and from providers at home about this particular issue. I know that virtually every time I am home--I come from a part of the country which has some of the very best managed care in the Nation--that I hear from patients and consumers about this particular issue.  It really comes down to a question of whether we are going to keep faith with the Hippocratic oath of doing no harm to patients, making sure they have information about the various treatments and services that are essential to them, or to turn that Hippocratic oath on its head and in effect say the first obligations are to the bottom line.  This amendment is rifle-shot legislation. It prohibits only gag provisions in contracts that relate to patient care. It goes only to the question of whether or not patients are going to be able to get full and complete information about their physical and mental condition and about the treatment options that are available to them. It is not going to interfere with proprietary matters. It is not going to allow fishing expeditions into proprietary business information that ought to be the property of the health maintenance organizations. It goes just to the question of whether patients have a right to know.  Some may say now is not the time; that maybe next session it can be taken up. I would ask that one not substitute this kind of discussion of maybe tomorrow or maybe next year for what is simple justice and common sense for medical patients in the fastest growing sector of American health care. This has not been a partisan issue. Dr. Ganske, a Republican, a physician on the House side, has done superb work along with Congressman Markey, a Democrat.  I have noted that Senator Helms has filed an amendment which is very similar to the one that I will be seeking a vote on in a few moments. But there is a question, it seems to me, of consumer justice, of the patient's right to know, and we should not ask those patients to wait any longer given the documented record of abuses and problems.  We know that our health care system involving billions and billions of dollars is now being driven by managed care. One plan after another in the U.S. Senate has looked to managed care as the centerpiece of American health care as we look into the next century.  My view is--I come from a part of the country where there are many good managed care plans--that managed care will play a big role, a significant role in delivering quality care in a cost-effective way to the patients and consumers of our country. But let us not let a small number of plans--plans that have been cutting corners and have been found to be cutting corners from hearings that have been held in the Capitol--in effect continue those consumer abuses that take a toll on patients across this country.  This is not a vote about an arcane kind of issue with respect to the budget. This is a question of justice for patients, of the patient's right to know, and of patients needing information about the various treatment options available to them.  I hope my colleagues will in the spirit that this has been addressed in the House pass this with a bipartisan and significant vote. That is the way it was tackled in the House Commerce Committee. I hope we will send a message today to the vast majority of patients, doctors, and others who offer good medical care that we are on your side, that we are going to isolate those gag rules, that we are going to say that is not what we want American health care to look like in the 21st century, and that we would vote today to ban these insidious, unconscionable gag rules that restrict the right of medical patients in our country to know about essential services.  Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment.  