President, I thank the Senator from Delaware for yielding.  I want to discuss briefly the Amtrak issue with him, and in effect pose the question that I am having to wrestle with at home, and your sense of how you handle it. I have been both as a Member of the House and in the Senate a member of the Commerce Committee a very strong supporter of Amtrak. I think that it is important to have a national rail program. It is important policy for our country. I have been in support of the Senator from Delaware. In fact, I remember, as the Senator from Delaware does, your Governor, our former colleague. He called me a bit ago in terms of the funding formula that we all wanted. And I was in strong support of it at that time because I think it is important that the east coast of the United States have good rail service. But I tell my friend that because of what I have seen with Amtrak in the last few months in terms of their handling of the Pioneer, which is a run that serves rural Oregon--it also serves Idaho and Wyoming, and the rural west--that it leaves me very troubled.  I want to just take a quick minute and tell the Senator my concern.  My concern is that the new philosophy in terms of Amtrak is essentially to tell people I represent in rural eastern Oregon you are supposed to put up your hard-earned tax dollars today to support the development of all these runs on the east coast of the United States, in densely populated areas, and then maybe if those runs are exceptionally profitable we will come back and one day have rural Oregon get served with Amtrak service. My constituents are very exasperated by this.  I had a community forum in Hermiston, OR, on this, and Amtrak officials came. Now, this is not the Senator from Oregon. These are Amtrak officials. And they told the community: We have given you lousy service. In fact, people don't even know when the train is going to show up. That is kind of the joke. There has been absolutely no promotion, and there has been absolutely no investment in infrastructure.  Now, what our communities have said--and I think this is a reasonable proposition--is that what they would like to have is 1 year to get the State governments out in the West and local governments and the Federal Government together to try to come up with a new cost-effective strategy to keep that Pioneer serving rural Oregon open. They did not say the Federal Government is supposed to write out a check today for everything. They said give us a year in order to try to have a new partnership that acknowledges what the Senator from Delaware has correctly said, which is that times really have changed. We understand that. And so, give our communities and our staffs 1 year to try to come up with a new plan, and the Amtrak officials, who very much like this Senator to vote for their budget covering east coast lines, will not give our part of the country, rural Oregon, a 1-year deferral to try to work it out.  I would just close this by asking my friend from Delaware, if the Senator were in front of a community meeting in rural Oregon where those folks are being asked to support the lines in the East and they are being told after Amtrak admits that there has not been any service, there has not been any promotion, there has not been any investment, that they still cannot have a year for self-help to come back. What would the Senator tell those folks in that community? I say this out of friendship to the Senator and as one who voted for the Senator's request.  