President, I want to say first, I very much share Senator Hatfield's view with respect to the yeoman work that has been done by many parties, in terms of bringing this legislation together. I am especially pleased he has mentioned Ms. Buell and Mr. Pahl. It reflects the bipartisan effort that has gone into moving this legislation forward. I very much want to associate myself with Senator Hatfield's words of praise for the many staff who have worked on this legislation.  I also want to begin by telling Senator Hatfield, on behalf of the people of our State, how much we appreciate the extraordinary efforts he has made in the conservation field specifically. As Oregonians know, when you think about the history of our State, it will not just be conservation that Senator Hatfield has touched. It will be the Oregon Health Sciences Center, where we have built a remarkable medical infrastructure that is going to serve our State into the 21st century. People are going to talk about the exceptional work that was done in the transportation field, where, again, we have led the Nation in terms of looking forward, in terms of making gutsy decisions.  We are going to talk about the agriculture, the maritime efforts, particularly in the field of research which, again, gives us a chance to get out in front of these huge waves of change that so mark these and so many of the issues that are before the Senate.  I just want to tell Senator Hatfield, I think it is particularly appropriate now, as we move to the last days of this session, that this legislation, which is something of a crowning jewel, moves forward in the Senate. It is a tribute to all of the exceptional work that he has done, now, for 3 decades for the people of our State. I want you to know how much I appreciate all this effort. As you know, I am looking into the possibility of being able to phone you express, when you are at the coast in a much-deserved retirement, to have you help on other matters. I am just so pleased that this legislation is moving forward today, and to be associated with you.  Mr. President, very briefly let me comment on some of the provisions, the excellent provisions in this legislation. It is going to protect Opal Creek, both the drinking water source for the city of Salem and one of the crown jewels of our old growth forests. It is a remnant of what used to be common in the Oregon Cascade Range, but it is now the largest intact low elevation old growth forest that is left, after years of management in the region.  Opal Creek is simply beloved. People hike and swim, and many go simply to experience the grandeur and solace that tall trees and waterfalls have to offer. Visitation is now at about 15,000 people annually, and increases each year.  The President's Forest plan recognized the special nature of Opal Creek and designated it as a late-successional reserve and tier 1 watershed. Although that designation puts some limits to management in the watershed, it does not ensure permanent protection. Only an act of Congress can do that and Senator Hatfield is responding to the great interest among the people of our State in making sure that there will be permanent protection for Opal Creek. We have been trying to protect this treasure for more than 25 years. Last year, Senator Hatfield convened a working group of Oregonians interested in Opal Creek that included environmentalists, the timber industry, State and local officials, and the Forest Service. This legislation is a product of those efforts. One prominent Oregon environmental group called the provision precedent setting, and the most protective they have seen in any Federal legislation.  Mr. President, this legislation, Senator Hatfield has noted, contains other extremely important provisions for our State. I am especially pleased Senator Hatfield has included in his bill, additional protection for the Bull Run Watershed. This is so important to water users in our State. Hundreds of thousands of Oregonians depend on that watershed for pure, clean drinking water. And the history of Federal protection for the Bull Run Watershed goes back more than 100 years, to President Harrison's proclamation reserving the drainage basin of the Bull Run and Little Sandy Rivers as protected sources of water for the City of Portland.  The Bull Run Watershed now serves more than 20 water districts and over 735,000 people in our metropolitan area.  It is projected by the year 2050, it will be the prime source of drinking water for over 1 million Oregonians.  When I served in the House of Representatives, I joined with Congresswoman Elizabeth Furse in introducing H.R. 4063 in the 103d Congress. This earlier piece of legislation increased substantially protections for the Bull Run and the Little Sandy watersheds. Although S. 1662 does scale down the scope of lands covered by new protections, I am pleased that this legislation increases protections for the portion of the Bull Run watershed that serves as the municipal drinking water source for the city of Portland, while maintaining the existing protections for the remainder of the watershed. The city of Portland strongly supports these added protections for the Bull Run watershed.  This legislation includes several other important provisions. It would fund two citizen working groups that have been active in addressing a wide array of ecological restoration, economic development and stability and drought impact reduction projects in the Klamath and Deschutes River basins in our State.  I am excited about both of these groups because I firmly believe that the key to solving many of our environmental problems--the key to solving environmental problems--has to come from strong local input. Oregonians have been successful using this model of strong local involvement in reforming health care, in reforming welfare, and I am pleased to see that as a result of Senator Hatfield's legislation, the same effort to encourage local involvement is being used in the environmental area.  I believe that no bill is ever perfect, and we all have things that we might want in an ideal situation. The proposal to create the Coquille Tribal Forest has caused concern, has caused anxiety among a number of our citizens. I commend Senator Hatfield for his hard work in addressing many of these concerns, while at the same time remaining true to his commitment to the Coquille tribe. I believe that the provision in this legislation is improved by reducing greatly the size of the transfer. I also believe it has been improved by requiring the land to be managed under applicable State and Federal forestry and environmental protection laws.  The bill also would require that these lands be subject to critical habitat designations under the Endangered Species Act and the standards and guidelines of the Federal forest plans adjacent or nearby forest lands apply now and in the future.  Additionally, changes to the bill ensure that the land will remain open to public access for hunting, fishing and recreation, and that the prohibition on the export of unprocessed logs from Federal lands are a matter of great importance to our citizens and will continue.  With that said, I still remain concerned about the size of the land to be transferred from the Bureau of Land Management to the Bureau of Indian Affairs to be held in trust for the Coquille tribe.  Further, I am concerned about adding another layer of complexity to an already confusing array of forest and environmental management requirements and a potential lack of clarity with regard to Tribal, State and Federal roles in environmental requirements. I am also very concerned about a lack of clear direction with regard to citizen appeals. I am very pleased to have a chance to work with Senator Hatfield on these matters. Senator Hatfield has worked very, very hard to try to develop consensus with respect to this issue which is extremely controversial, and I intend to work closely with him on this matter in the days ahead.  Mr. President, despite my reservation about the Coquille Tribal Forest, I believe that, on balance, this is a good bill for Oregon. I also want to say that recognition for our former colleague, Mike Kopetski, is especially appropriate. I recall several years ago when my good friend, Mike Kopetski, first made his pledge to protect Opal Creek. Because Mike showed exceptional vision and leadership, the bill made great progress. I join Senator Hatfield in saying that because of the work done by former Congressman Kopetski, it has been possible to move this bill towards a reality.  Though this bill is not perfect, through Senator Hatfield's efforts and wise judgment, there is a bill now before the Senate that will benefit countless Oregonians for generations to come. It remains one of the most important conservation efforts for the State of Oregon put forward in many, many years. I look forward to working closely with our senior Senator to ensure that this bill is signed into law.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  