President, I thank the minority leader for yielding me this time.  I take this time to say that I think this is an historic opportunity for the Senate to get this job done right, to get this job done on a bipartisan basis. I do not think anyone doubts how this vote on the majority leader's proposal is going to turn out, today.  I believe we could have an alternative ending, however, that would benefit the American people, that would ensure that we get real fiscal discipline, and at the same time provide long-term security for generations of Americans to come. That is why I am hopeful that today we will have an opportunity to vote on a measure that is identical to that offered by the majority leader save for one difference. The alternative constitutional amendment to balance the budget would simply bar the use of the Social Security surplus or Social Security taxes for balancing the Federal budget.  Mr. President, and colleagues, it is clear that both political parties--let me emphasize--both political parties have in the past used that Social Security surplus to mask the overall Federal deficit. I think that has to end. I think that the amendment, the alternative described today, would give us an opportunity on a bipartisan basis to tackle this issue responsibly and end it once and for all. It is time to close this road show and give the people what they want. Our proposal would provide that opportunity.  Some of my colleagues apparently believe that you cannot balance the Federal budget without cooking the books. They have been trying to highlight various kinds of defects that they allege exist in our measure. I do not think the American people benefit from all of this. I do not think that the country benefits from this. The country benefits from an approach that forces both political parties to keep straight books, to get rid of the accounting fiction, and to make the tough calls with respect to both the Federal budget and the Social Security program.  Therefore, Mr. President, I rise now to ask unanimous consent that immediately following the vote on House Joint Resolution 1, the Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate Joint Resolution 54, a balanced budget constitutional amendment that protects Social Security, and that the joint resolution be read a third time, and at the end of that the Senate proceed without any intervening action or debate on passage of that joint resolution.  