President, I rise in support of the Coats-Wyden kinship care amendment, which was agreed to by the Senate last night. I would like to thank my colleague, Senator Coats, for his assistance with this important amendment.  Grandparents caring for grandchildren represent an underappreciated natural resource in our Nation. They hold tremendous potential for curing one of our society's most pressing maladies: The care of children who have no parents, or whose parents simply aren't up to the task of providing children a stable, secure, and nurturing living environment.  There is such a great reservoir of love and experience available to us, and more especially to the tens of thousands of American children who desperately need basic care giving. We provide public assistance to strangers for this kind of care, but the folks available to provide foster care homes are in short supply.  It is time that States and the Federal Government begin to promote policies that open doors to relatives who are ready, willing and able to care for these children. Some States have already been moving in this direction for over a decade. Over the past 10 years the number of children involved in extended family arrangements has increased by 40 percent. Currently, more than 3 million children are being raised by their grandparents. In other words, 5 percent of all families in this country are headed by grandparents.  However, in many places States still lack a system that includes relatives in the decisionmaking process when children are removed from the home. I have heard case after case of relatives who never heard from the child protection agency when a grandchild or other related child was removed from the home. Once the child was taken, extended family members had no contact and no way of finding out what then happened to the children. Sometimes brothers and sisters have been separated and a grandparent has spent years in court trying to reunite their family.  I have repeatedly heard the frustration of grandparents whose grandchildren, as far as they knew, disappeared in the night, and once the children entered the State child protection system they literally disappeared from their families' lives.  The amendment that we proposed, similar to one that was adopted by the House last spring, and to language that has been in almost every welfare bill since then, would give relatives preference over stranger caregivers when the State determines where to place a child who has been removed from the home. It's time we start developing policies that make it easier, instead of more difficult, for families to come together to raise their children.  As we rethink our child protection system, we need to rededicate ourselves to looking to families, including extended families, for solutions. When a child is separated from their parents, it is usually a painful and traumatic experience. Living with people that a child knows and trusts gives children a better chance in the world and gives families a better chance to rebuild themselves.  Again, I thank my colleague from across the aisle, Senator Coats, for his help with this amendment.  