President, I would like to thank Senator Simpson and Senator Kennedy for working with me and my cosponsors to craft a bipartisan amendment to commission a GAO study on the effectiveness of the H-2A Guest Worker Program.  It seems to me that the H-2A Program works for no one. From what I have heard from growers and from farmworker advocates on this program: First, it does not effectively match up American workers with employers who need labor; second, it is administratively unwieldy for growers, potentially leaving them at the date of harvest without sufficient labor; and third, there are cases where the labor protections under the program have been poorly enforced and some growers have driven out domestic laborers in favor of foreign labor through unfair employment practices.  It seems to me that this program can use a good, hard look on a number of fronts, and this is why I am proposing a GAO report so that an outside agency can take a balanced look at the effectiveness of this program.  I am concerned about this issue because agriculture is one of Oregon's largest industries. It generates more than $5 billion in direct economic output and another $3 to 5 billion in related industries.  According to the Oregon Department of Agriculture, roughly 53,000 jobs in Oregon are tied to the agricultural industry. Let me clarify: these are not seasonal or temporary jobs, these are good, permanent, American jobs. If we add on seasonal workers, we are talking about 76,000 to 98,000 jobs in Oregon.  When we are talking about this many jobs in my State of Oregon, I don't want to be flip or careless about any changes to any statute that might adversely affect these jobs or this industry. At the same time, I certainly don't want to see the creation of a new Bracero Program.  In my mind I set some simple goals for looking at the H-2A Program: First, we have to make sure that the U.S. agriculture industry is internationally competitive, and second, we have to make sure that American farmworkers are not displaced by foreign workers and that they have access to good jobs, where they can earn a fair day's wage for a fair day's work.  With these goals in mind, I think that we can design a reasonable system to meet labor shortages, if and when they occur.  It is an understatement to say that the issue of the H-2A Program for bringing in temporary guest workers is polarized. Labor unions and advocates for farmworkers feel that the H-2A Program is barely a notch above the old, abusive Bracero Program. Growers feel that far from giving them access to cheap labor, the H-2A Program is extraordinarily costly and almost totally unusable and that the Department of Labor is openly hostile to their interests.  Given the passions surrounding this issue, I think that it's important that we begin any process of redesigning this program by bringing in an independent, outside agency to take a look at H-2A to try to sift out what is actually happening, and what can be done to make this program an effective safety valve, if indeed, after immigration reform legislation passes, there ends up being a shortage of American workers who are able and willing to take temporary, agricultural jobs.  I and my cosponsors, along with Senator Kennedy and Senator Simpson, have agreed that it is important for the GAO to look at four issues:  First, that able and willing American workers are efficiently matched up with employers seeking labor.  I have heard criticism of the H-2A Program from both the growers and from farmworker advocates. According to the testimony by John R. Hancock, a former Department of Labor employee, before the House Committee on Agriculture December 14, 1995,       Only about 10-15 percent of the job openings available with      H-2A employers have been referred by the Employment Service      in recent years, and the number of such workers who stay on      the job to complete the total contract period has been      minimal.  Similarly, a briefing book sent to me from the Farmworker's Justice Fund cited the Commission on Agricultural Workers' finding that ``the supply of workers is not yet coordinated well enough with the demand for workers.''  So, it seems that we all can agree that we seriously need to evaluate how we match up workers with employers who are experiencing labor shortages.  Second, if and when there is a shortage of American workers willing to do the necessary temporary, agricultural labor, there will be a straightforward program to address this shortage with temporary foreign workers.  I have been assured that across the country there are hundreds of thousands of migrant farmworkers, ready, willing and able to work. If there is no such shortage, then clearly there is no need for growers to use the H-2A Program.  However, growers in Oregon and across the country are afraid that if this legislation is effective in cracking down on false documents and cracking down on people who come across the border, then they will see their work force decline sharply.  Now as far as I can tell, no one can say for certain how many illegal immigrants there are in this country and how many are part of the migrant labor work force. But I know from visiting with folks in Oregon, that there is nothing that makes a farmer lose more sleep at night than worrying about his or her fruit, or berries, or vegetables, rotting in the field because there is no one there to pick it.  I know that many say that a farmer could get as much labor as he wanted if the wage was high enough. I want to make clear that I strongly support making sure that seasonal, agricultural workers get a good, living wage. I strongly support ensuring that they have good housing, and workers compensation, and safe working conditions.  But I do think we have to be realistic that if we want to keep a competitive agricultural industry, these temporary, seasonal jobs are never going to make a person a millionaire; these jobs are always going to involve tough, physical labor, and they most likely aren't going to be filled by out-of-work engineers.  So it seems to make sense to me that because we want our agricultural industry to be the most competitive in the world, that if and when there is a labor shortage of people who are willing and able to do temporary, seasonal work, there should be an effective way for the farmer to get help to harvest the crop.  I don't want to have to scramble while the food rots in the field to fix the H-2A Program. Let's straighten it out now. Hopefully, we'll never have to use it--but if we do, let's have something that is usable.  Third, if and when a farmer uses the H-2A Program, the program should not directly or indirectly be misused to displace U.S. agricultural workers, or to make U.S. workers worse off.  There are a lot of stories about misuse of the H-2A Program --I find these appalling. I do not think that the H-2A Program should be used as a conduit for cheap foreign labor, as a substitute for already available American workers.  It seems to me that everyone admits that there are some abusive employers. There are employers who have manipulated the piece rates to pay people lower wages. There are employers who, once they get into the H-2A Program, never again look for American labor. I think that this program needs careful scrutiny to ensure that workers are treated fairly--that they get a fair wage for a fair day's work, that they have places to live and reasonable benefits, and that we don't bring in foreign workers to the detriment of American workers here.  Many of the problems I hear about with the H-2A Program from farmworker advocates seem to stem from a lack of enforcement in the program. Perhaps this is something that we also need to look at--what mechanism can make sure that this program is enforceable.  Fourth, finally, I believe that it is important that we do not undermine the intent of this bill to ensure that we stop the flood of illegal immigrants coming across the border. We would ask GAO to look at the extent to which this program might cause an increase in illegal immigrants in this country.  I know that a number of concerns have been expressed about overstays among temporary workers. Obviously, our primary concern with this entire legislation is that we get some control over the illegal immigrants coming into this country, and it is important that we don't close the door in one place, only to open a backdoor elsewhere.  I know that the tensions over the guest worker issue run deep. I hope that with this GAO report we can start to take an objective, balanced look at what this guest worker program will mean both for farm workers and for employers, and how it can operate so it is fair to both.  