President, I rise to take just a few moments to talk a bit about the gag clause that involves the right of patients across this country to know all the information about their medical condition and the treatments that are appropriate and ought to be made available. I wish to discuss it in the context of the pipeline safety bill.  In the beginning. I particularly wish to thank the bipartisan leadership of Senator Daschle and Senator Lott who have worked closely with us on this also, the continued bipartisan effort of Senators Kennedy and Kyl who, in particular, have worked very hard to try to address this legislation in a responsible way and to demonstrate the bipartisan spirit of this effort. It really all began with Dr. Ganske of Iowa and Congressman Ed Markey on the House side, where both pursued this effort in a bipartisan way. Senators Lott and Daschle, Kyl, Kennedy, and I and others have spent several days working to reach an agreement with respect to the legislation that I originally sought to offer several weeks ago with respect to the patient's right to know. These negotiations have been lengthy, they certainly have been difficult, and they are not yet concluded.  Because there has been much good faith on the part of a number of Members on both sides of the aisle, on both the Democratic and Republican side of the aisle, I think it is fair to say that we have made a considerable amount of progress, and I want to make it very clear to the Senate I intend to keep up this fight throughout the session because it is so fundamentally important that the patients of this country in the fastest growing sector of American health care, the health management organization sector, have all the information they need in order to make choices about their health care.  I do think it is important to say tonight that I do not think it is appropriate to withhold any longer a vote on the pipeline safety bill as these negotiations go forward. The pipeline safety bill, in my view, is a good bill. It is an important bill. It, too, has bipartisan support as a result of a great deal of effort, and I would like to put in a special word for the efforts of Senator Exon,  of Nebraska, who has labored for a long time on this measure. He is, of course, retiring from the Senate. His leaving will be much felt, and it seems appropriate that this important and good bill to protect the safety of our energy pipelines go forward. And so I want to make it clear to the Senate tonight I do not think the Senate should withhold a vote on the pipeline safety bill any further as the negotiations go forward with respect to the gag clause in health maintenance organizations that is so often found in plans around this country.  If I might, I wish to take a few minutes to explain why this issue is so important in American health care. Most people say to themselves, what is a gag clause? What does this have to do with me? Why is it so important that it has generated all this attention in the Senate?  A gag clause is something that really keeps the patients in our country from full and complete information about the medical condition and the treatments that are available to them. I think it is fair to say--I know the Senator from Utah, Mr. Bennett, has done a lot of work in the health care field--reasonable people have differences of opinion with respect to the health care issue. People can differ about the role of the Federal Government; they can differ about the role of the private sector, but it seems to me absolutely indisputable that patients ought to have access to all the information--not half of it, not three-quarters, but all the information--with respect to their medical condition.  What is happening around the country is some managed care plans--this is not all of them. There is good managed care in this country. My part of the Nation pioneered managed care. Too often managed care plans, the scofflaws in the managed care field are cutting corners, and so what they do either in writing or through a pattern of oral communication, these managed care plans tell their doctors, ``Don't fill those patients in on all the information about their medical condition.'' Or they say, ``There are some treatments that may be expensive and we think you shouldn't be telling everybody about them.'' Or maybe they say, ``We're watching the referrals that you're making and if you make a lot of referrals outside the health maintenance organization to other physicians, other providers, we're going to watch that. If you make too many of them, we're going to consider getting some other people to deliver our health services.''  So these are gag clauses in the literal sense. They get in the way of the doctor-patient relationship and either in writing in the contract established by the health maintenance organization or orally through a pattern of communications between the health maintenance plan and the physician, the doctor is told in very blunt, straightforward terms, ``Look, you're not supposed to tell those patients all the facts about their medical condition or all the treatments that might be available to them.'' I think these restrictions on access to patient informationcare turn American health care on its head. The Hippocratic oath, for example, to physicians starts with, ``First do no harm.''  If you have these gag clauses, essentially, instead of ``First do no harm,'' in these health maintenance organizations the charge is, first, think about the bottom line. Think about the financial condition of the plan and that maybe the plan will have a little less revenue if physicians really tell their patients what is going on and tell them about referrals and the like. Trust, in my view, is the basis of the doctor-patient relationship. Without that trust, physicians cannot perform adequately as caregivers. The patients get shortchanged, in terms of the quality of their health care. And I think that, when you limit straightforward and complete information between physicians and their patients, what you are doing is prescribing bad medicine.  Mr. President, there are a number of provisions that are central to this debate and there are two or three that have consumed most of our attention over the last few days, in terms of trying to work this legislation out on a bipartisan basis. Let me say, especially Senator Kyl has done yeoman work, in terms of trying to bring all sides together. He has led the effort on the Republican side. He has worked particularly hard with me on a couple of the provisions that I would like to take just a minute or two of the Senate's time to discuss this evening.  The first is with respect to enforcement provisions in this bill. Senator Kyl and I both share the view that the States should take the leadership role with respect to enforcement of these gag clause provisions. There is precedent for this in the medigap legislation, the legislation to protect older people from ripoffs in the supplemental policies sold in addition to their Medicare. We have looked at other approaches. In particular, the enforcement provisions that the Senate came together on in a bipartisan way in the maternity legislation looked attractive, but Senator Kyl and I have spent a special effort, trying to work out the provisions with respect to ensuring that the States are given the lead in terms of enforcing the anti-gag clause legislation. I think we have made considerable progress. All Senator ought to know there is bipartisan interest in not having some Federal micromanagement, run-from-Washington kind of operation with respect to the enforcement provisions in this gag clause legislation.  The second area that has consumed considerable amount of time in our discussions involves matters of religious and moral expression. Here, the issue, as it does so often in the U.S. Senate, involves especially abortion. Senator Kyl and I have worked hard to try to ensure that an individual physician who has religious or moral views with respect to abortion would not be required to express those views in a way that was contrary to deeply held religious or moral principles that that physician had. At the same time, I think it is understood that, if this is not carefully done, such provisions could become a new form of institutional gag, which would limit communication between doctors and patients. Senator Kyl and I have, I think, been able to bring about an approach that does allow an individual physician who, for religious or moral reasons, desires not to discuss abortion issues to be able to do that. I think we will be able to resolve that in a way that is good health policy, is fair, and bipartisan.  Now, the continuing resolution, of course, is before us. The Senate will be dealing with this in the hours ahead. Some may consider it will be the days ahead--but certainly the hours ahead. I want the Senate to understand that I think, with respect to the future of American health care, making sure that patients have access to all information about their medical condition and the treatments that are available to them is about as important as it gets.  The Senator from Vermont also has done a great deal of work in the health care area over the years. We have had a chance to work together on ERISA legislation, and a variety of other matters.  I come back to the proposition that there are a lot of areas where people can differ in the health field. Health is a complex riddle by anybody's calculus. And these debates about the role of the Federal Government and the role of the private sector--these are areas where reasonable people do have differences of opinion. What I think is indisputable, however, is the importance of patients getting all the facts and the patients being in a position to know all of the matters that relate to their getting the best treatment for them, given the kind of medical problems that they face.  So, this ultimately, this question of how to deal with this issue, is not an issue about abortion. No abortions are being performed or referrals made. It is not a question of Federal micromanagement, because the States are put clearly in the lead position with respect to enforcement. It is not a regulatory paradigm, in the sense that Members may have different views with respect to the type of approach. Whether it is a medical savings account approach that some have favored, or single-payer approach that some have favored, this bill does not touch any of those issues. This bill gets to one question and that is: As we look to the decisions involving 21st century health care, are we going to put patients in the driver's seat with respect to their own health care so they can get information?  It seems almost absurd to me that, at a time when we look at how medical information may be exchanged in the future using the Internet, so that folks in rural Vermont and rural Oregon can tap all these exciting new technologies so as to get more information about their health care and about the treatments available to them, it seems almost fundamental to say that, when a patient and a doctor or a nurse or chiropractor at a health plan sits down with a patient and that patient's family, that provider, that doctor or nurse or chiropractor, is in a position to say to the family, ``Look, here are all the facts that you and your loved ones face with respect to your medical condition. You may want to pursue this particular treatment. Perhaps I should refer you to Dr. A or Dr. B, who is outside the health plan.'' But whatever the ultimate choice of the consumer is at that point, at least the consumer can make it in an informed way.  Right now, while there is good managed care in our country, and I have seen it in my part of the United States, in the Pacific Northwest, too often there have been managed care plans that do not meet those high standards. There are plans that have told their physicians, their nurses, their chiropractors and others: We are going to be watching you, with respect to making referrals.  We want you to know, we are looking over your shoulder with respect to expensive treatments, and those kinds of gag provisions are getting in the way of the doctor-patient relationship, and the trust that is so important.  So I want it understood, Mr. President, that I am going to use every ounce of my strength, working with Senator Kyl and Senators on both sides of the aisle, to make sure that this legislation is part of the continuing resolution.  I want to, again, let the Senate know that we are very appreciative of Senators Daschle and Lott and the bipartisan leadership that has worked cooperatively with us. We want to make sure that this legislation gets into the continuing resolution.  Managed care is the fastest growing part of American health care. Both Democrats and Republicans throughout this Congress have looked to managed care repeatedly as the discussions have gone forward on Medicare and other issues. So it is important that patients in these plans get all the facts, get all the information, and we are going to go forward in good faith, as we have done over the last week.  Senator Kyl and I have put a big chunk of our waking hours into this effort to try to do it in a bipartisan way. I believe we can get it done. And in the spirit of the progress that has been made and to facilitate the passage of other important legislation, I would like to make it clear that I believe that the Senate should no longer withhold a vote on the pipeline safety bill.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  