President and colleagues, I hope that it is understood that while I think that the Chair of the committee means well and is sincere in this effort, I think that the sense of the Senate that she offers today is very risky business.  This is September of 1996. The Senator from Kansas essentially is saying September, October, November, December, January, February, as the next Senate gets into business, that sometime 6 to 8 months from now we can talk again about the rights of patients in the fastest growing sector of American health care. I think this is risky business.  It is one thing to study an issue when it is abstract, when it may not have direct and immediate consequences, but what the Senator from Kansas is saying is that when you have patients being hurt today, being subjected to risk today when they do not have access to all the information about the physical and mental health services that may be available to them when they need that information to make decisions about their treatment, the Senator from Kansas is saying they cannot have it. I know that the Senator from Kansas does not intend it that way--putting patients at risk.  It means that today in Oregon and in Kansas and all across the country where there are gag rules that keep patients from knowing of their rights, they will not be able to have that information. It is not available to them. The U.S. Senate is saying, instead of voting for legislation or allowing me to get 60 votes on my amendment, what we will do is not give those patients the rights they need, not make sure that they can know of all the physical and mental health services that they deserve, and instead tell them that sometime next year, sometime in the future, we will go on.  I think it is a mistake. It puts patients at risk. This Member of the U.S. Senate is not willing to play that kind of Russian roulette with the well-being of patients in the fastest growing sector of American health care.  I am happy to yield to the Senator.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Kempthorne). The Senator from Kansas.  