President, I rise as an original cosponsor of the Comprehensive Methamphetamine Control Act of 1996, S. 1965, to urge its swift enactment.  Today, the Senate is telling drug dealers that we aren't going to let methamphetamine become the crack of the 1990s. By passing the Comprehensive Methamphetamine Control Act, the Senate is taking decisive action tostem the tide of the methamphetamine epidemic that has sunk its claw into communities in Oregon and across the Nation.  I do not believe we are acting a moment too soon. Last year in Oregon, 52 deaths were tied to methamphetamine. By comparison, Oregon's Office of Alcohol and Drug Abuse Programs reported that there was only one meth-related death in 1991. Meth-related arrests are rising across my State: Over the last 5 years in Jackson County, meth-related violations rose 1,100 percent, while in Malheur County, meth-related arrests jumped 110 percent from 1993 to 1994. In Portland, police seizures of meth increased 145 percent from 1994 to 1995.  Since this bill was introduced in June, I have met with Oregonians from across the State who have told me about the need for a tough Federal response to the meth crisis. In Medford, I attended a Methamphetamine Awareness Conference, where law enforcement officials joined with public health experts and other social service providers to discuss the need for a comprehensive approach to the meth problem. In Portland, I convened a round table so law enforcement officials from across the State could focus on how Federal, State, and local law enforcement can come together to take on the methamphetamine crisis. Everywhere I go, the refrain is the same--the problem is growing, as is its grip on our communities.  The Comprehensive Methamphetamine Control Act will aid in turning the tide against the methamphetamine menace by giving law enforcement much needed new tools to combat this deadly drug.  The legislation goes after the source of the methamphetamine problem--the precursor chemicals, often found in legal, over-the-counter drug products, which are used to manufacture methamphetamine and its ugly cousin, amphetamine. While still allowing consumers access to many helpful and commonly used products containing the precursor chemicals, the bill will place significant restrictions on the bulk sale of the chemicals, both through the mail and over the counter. The legislation will also increase the penalties for the illegal possession and trafficking of the precursor chemicals and the equipment used to manufacture the controlled substances and will allow law enforcement increased flexibility to obtain injunctions to stop the illegal production and sale of precursor chemicals.  This legislation addresses the international trafficking in precursor chemicals by imposing a maximum 10-year penalty on the manufacture outside the United States of precursor chemicals with the intent to import the chemical into this country.  Back at home, the bill will increase penalties for those convicted of possessing and trafficking in methamphetamine. Penalties for methamphetamine trafficking have been too low for too long, and I hope the enhanced penalties will make drug dealers think twice before they peddle their poison. The bill will also ensure that methamphetamine manufacturers who put the life of any person at risk or endanger the environment will receive longer prison sentences.  Finally, I think that all our efforts at enforcing penalties against traffickers and users are going to be for naught unless we work to get at the root of the problem, which is the addiction to this deadly substance. I am pleased that this legislation will expand education, treatment and research activities related to methamphetamine.  While the Comprehensive Methamphetamine Control Act will make a difference in the battle against this deadly drug, there should be no doubt that we will all need to remain engaged so we can counter the challenges posed by the methamphetamine crisis and by other illegal drugs, which are eating away at our Nation's youth.  I commend the fine bipartisan effort that went into crafting this bill. My colleagues, led by Chairman Hatch and Senators Biden and Feinstein, deserve praise for their commitment and cooperation on this matter. As we all seek to stamp out drug abuse in this country, I hope the partisan spirit that permeated this bill can be a harbinger of good things to come.  