President, I rise in support of S. 39, the Sustainable Fisheries Management Act. This bill is a good step forward in the management of our Nations' fisheries, addressing important areas of concern such as rebuilding over-fished stocks and collecting better data so we can manage our fisheries more effectively. I guess I'm the only Member of Congress in the position of voting for this legislation in both Houses of the Congress.  I want to thank Senators Stevens and Kerry, and their staffs especially, for their help and guidance to me, the newest member on the Commerce Committee, on issues of great importance to the fishermen, fishing communities, and the fishing industry in Oregon. I commend them for their hard work on this legislation and hope that we will be signing this bill into law in the very near future.  I would also like to thank Senators Murray and Gorton for their willingness to address an issue critical to the Oregon crab fishery. I am satisfied that the compromise we have reached will go a long way to helping the State of Washington address its crab management concerns, and assure Oregon crab fishermen continued access to crab fishing areas off of the Washington coast.  The State of Washington is currently struggling to address management issues arising from a recent Federal court decision that requires the State of Washington to provide Washington's Indian tribes with 50 percent of the Washington crab fishery. Historically, Oregon crabbers have also fished off of Washington's coast and it is easy to see how this new situation could create conflict.  Historically as well, Oregon, Washington, and California have enjoyed an excellent working relationship with regard to the crab fishery. So, it was with concern that I reviewed the original proposal to extend state jurisdiction into the Exclusive Economic Zone [EEZ] for all fisheries without a Federal management plan. In my view, this original proposal had the potential to restrict many Oregon fishermen from fishing in their traditional areas.  With respect to the crab fishery alone, the potential effects were ominous for all segments of the crab fishery in Oregon, crab fishermen, the coastal communities of Astoria and Warrenton and the crab processors in those communities who provide employment to hundreds of workers.  The Oregon crabbers fishing off the Washington coast represent a significant percentage of the crab landings to Astoria and Warrenton: these boats land almost 85 percent of the crab processed in these two ports. To say that this fishery is significant to these communities barely coveys the vital importance of this fishery to the economy of Oregon's north coast. Fishermen, equipment suppliers, crab processors, and their employees are all intimately tied to this natural resource.  The compromise Senators Murray, Gorton, and I have reached restricts the extension of State jurisdiction to conservation measures within the crab fishery only. These restrictions would apply equally to all boats fishing in the same waters. Each State's limited entry programs and landing laws are respected. To address the harvest requirements of Federal Court Order, U.S. v. Washington 89-3, the State of Washington may close areas or restrict the number of crab pots laid by crabbers. Our intent is to give the State of Washington flexibility in meeting requirements of the Federal court order while minimizing the restrictions on Oregon's crabbers.  Perhaps the most important part of the State jurisdiction provisions is a clause stating that the Pacific Fisheries Management Council should develop and submit a fishery management plan for Dungeness crab and other shellfish. The timely development of a Federal fishery management plan for Dungeness crab is essential if we are to avoid inter-State conflicts in the future. To this end, the bill also requires the Pacific Fisheries Management Council to report to the relevant Senate and House Committees within a year regarding their progress on a plan.  Again, I appreciate the willingness of the Senators from Washington to address this issue. I look forward to working with them on these issues in the future.  As I mentioned above, I have voted on both the House and Senate versions of this bill. Not only did I support the House bill, I voted for key conservation amendments that were adopted as floor amendments, including those on over-fishing and habitat protection. The conservation provisions of S. 39 are also significant, several of which are of particular importance to Oregon. Reauthorization of the Magnuson Act is a high priority for Oregon fishermen and conservation groups alike.  The new mandatory provisions requiring fishery management councils to develop criteria for determining when a fishery is over-fished, and for rebuilding those fisheries, will help us set a solid target for rebuilding over-fished stocks both in the Pacific Northwest.  Likewise the measure adding a new national standard to the Magnuson Act requiring that conservation and management measures minimize by-catch--the incidental harvest of nontarget fish--makes a good effort at reducing one of the most distressing aspects of our fisheries.  The bill also defines essential fish habitat and requires the councils to minimize adverse effects on habitat due to fishing.  I shall note at this time some disappointment with regard to the communities provisions. While in the House I supported Congressman Miller's proposal on communities. The Oregon fishery is in large measure family owned and shore-based, and I would have preferred to have communities language in the bill that recognized and protected our fishing communities more fully.  During our discussions on passage of the bill, it was made clear to me that a protracted fight over the communities language would jeopardize the entire Magnuson reauthorization. In my view this would have hurt Oregon more than it would have helped. Reluctantly, I have for now agreed not to insist on stronger communities language and get this reauthorization done.  Mr. President, although S. 39 is not perfect, it is one of the strongest pieces of conservation legislation to pass the Senate this year. I urge passage of this legislation.  