President, I rise today to join my colleagues, Senator Hatch, Senator Biden, and others to introduce the Comprehensive Methamphetamine Control Act of 1996.  Methamphetamine is one of the most insidious drugs to hit the streets in decades. In a few short years in Oregon, methamphetamine has become the second most frequently detected drug in workplace drug testing and in motor vehicle driver drug checks. This drug has become not only a scourge on Oregon's streets, increasing crime and creating toxic environmental hazards in the labs where it is produced, but has repercussions throughout the social services system as well. Foster care caseloads have increased because of the meth epidemic, and drug treatment centers are struggling with rising numbers of people needing help to escape the effects of this highly addictive and damaging drug.  According to Sheriff Robert Kennedy, who serves the State in Jackson County in southwestern Oregon, methamphetamine arrests in his county have increased 1,100 percent in the past 5 years. This drug has become an urban and rural problem, and is being abused across the economic and social spectrum. Statewide, the Oregon Narcotics Enforcement Association and others have joined together to fight the public safety and health problems associated with methamphetamine.  From the problems associated with cleaning up labs, to stopping the influxof Mexican-manufactured methamphetamine from coming into Oregon, law enforcement officials across the State have told me that meth is quickly becoming a major problem demanding high priority.  That is why I am pleased today to join in the effort to help the country's law enforcement officers fight the methamphetamine epidemic. The Comprehensive Methamphetamine Control Act takes on the battle against the drug on a number of fronts.  To combat the precursor drugs manufactured across the border in Mexico, this legislation includes a long-arm provision that allows the United States to prosecute people who manufacture methamphetamine precursor chemicals, with an intent to import them into our country.  Here at home, the bill significantly increases penalties for illegal trafficking in methamphetamine. Penalties for methamphetamine trafficking have been too low for too long. This bill will make drug dealers think twice by making penalties for dealing methamphetamine comparable to those for crack cocaine.  The legislation also cracks down on trafficking in the precursor chemicals used to produce methamphetamine, increasing penalties and allowing law enforcement increased flexibility to obtain injunctions to stop the production and sale of precursor chemicals when an individual or company knowingly sells these chemicals to methamphetamine dealers.  Finally, the act addresses the problem that many methamphetamine producers use legal, over-the-counter drugs, containing precursor chemicals, to manufacture methamphetamine. The bill will confront this in a direct way by limiting bulk quantities of these drugs that can be sold over the counter and, at the same time, creating a safe harbor for retailers so smaller quantities of the drugs can be sold to consumers who need unimpeded access to these helpful and commonly used products.  According to the Drug Enforcement Agency, every 4 hours, an illicit lab can produce a quarter pound of methamphetamine that sells for $2,000. These labs can be set up anywhere--in cars, hotel rooms, and abandoned buildings. Their byproducts pollute the area of the lab with carcinogenic toxins and, often times, these dangerous chemicals are dumped by the side of the road, in waterways or in other public areas.  It is time for Congress to join in the fight against this drug that pollutes our communities, drives crime and violence, and floods our social services systems. I am pleased to join in this effort, and I commend my colleagues for their bipartisan efforts and hard work in crafting this important piece of legislation.  