President, I rise in support of the conference report on S. 1994, to reauthorize the programs of the FAA. For the safety and security of every Oregonian who flies and for our smaller airports this legislation is critical.  I want to commend the chairman of the committee, the chairman of the Aviation Subcommittee, and especially the distinguished ranking member of the Aviation Subcommittee, Senator Ford, for their hard work. The conference report includes several provisions I have worked on. In particular, I take pride in those that make safety paramount at the FAA, that require making airline safety information available to the public and that strengthen security at our airports.  I also want to thank the managers for their cooperation in incorporating my amendment on train whistles. This provision will stop the Government from imposing a one-size-fits-all approach on communities with railroad grade crossings. Without this provision, towns across this country, like Pendleton, OR, would have had train whistles blowing night and day. My amendment will assure that the Federal Railroad Administration works with the people in Pendleton and elsewhere to develop appropriate safety measures for their grade crossings.  When we began the process, this was a relatively modest reauthorization bill. No safety or security measures to speak of. Now, these concerns are at the forefront, where they belong.  With this bill, we go beyond all the talk about safety. With this bill, we take the first step ever toward making information on airline safety available to the public. Finally, the traveling public will be able to get basic safety information in plain English.  Everyone who flies should be able to make informed choices about the airlines they fly and the airports they use. This legislation will help consumers do that.  Today, travelers can get plenty of information from the airlines about whether their bags will get crushed or their flights will arrive on time. With this bill, travelers will no longer have to go through the legalistic torture of the Freedom of Information Act to get basic safety information. They'll be able to get it online, from the National Transportation Safety Board.  No one thought this would be easy. I have talked to people in all parts of the aviation community--the FAA, NTSB, airlines, labor, manufacturers, pilots, and consumer groups--about the best way to do this. While there are certainly differences over how to do it, everyone agrees that it should be done. And I agree with those in the industry who say that anything involving safety should not be part of competition. But by having uniform definitions, standards, and public access to this information, I believe we will move safety out of the shadows and into the sunshine.  Also of special interest are the provisions seeking to improve aviation security.  This conference report will require more comprehensive employment investigations, including criminal history records checks, for individuals who will screen airline passengers, baggage, and property. We remove the legislative straitjacket that has hamstrung the FAA's efforts to deploy security equipment in airports.  When we talk about a security system that will cost as much as one B-2 bomber, we can't expect the airlines to shoulder that burden alone.  The conference report puts the administration on top of airport safety and security functions. Right now, this task is undertaken almost exclusively by the air carriers. From now on, the FAA will be firmly in charge.  Another problem is the lax attitude we have toward some of the most critical players: Those who monitor the x-ray machines. What is the point of having $1 million machines if these workers are being paid minimum wage and lack any basic training? Americans should not expect a second-class attitude will produce first-class security.  The amendment will toughen up the attention paid to these critical workers.  There remains, however, one glaringly weak link in the security chain. It is that we don't even have an evaluation of the current status of security at our Nation's airports. We need a basic security baseline in order to establish goals and priorities. We need regular reports on whether the goals are being met. This is not rocket science. It is security 101. Although this is not included in the bill, I intend to work with the FAA on this in the coming months.  Finally, I want to note another very important provision for Oregon: Funding protection for smaller airports. These airports, such as Bandon and John Day and Klamath Falls, serve citizens in the more rural parts of my State. Without the funding formula in this bill, these smaller airports would suffer disproportionate cuts in grant funds when appropriations are tight. Unless I've missed something, there doesn't appear to be any extra airport improvement grant funding lying around.  Mr. President, there are many other important elements in this legislation. I want to conclude by again thanking the leaders of the Commerce Committee for their excellent work on a good aviation safety and security bill.  