President, at the beginning, I want to thank my friend from Washington, the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Gorton. He has been very helpful, both the chairman and his staff, in our preparation of this effort. I want him to know that I very much appreciate all his help. Senator Byrd is not here, but he, as well, has been very helpful to me. I want to thank both Senator Gorton and Senator Byrd at this time for their assistance.  As Senator Gorton knows, in particular, the natural resources questions in the West are especially polarized. They are ones where so often there are very heated and controversial fights between groups, particularly industry groups and environmental groups.  I and others, and I know the Senator from Washington is interested in this, are continually making efforts to look at new models, in effect, new paradigms, for resolving some of these natural resources questions and trying to bring people together. It is for this reason that I offer this amendment, Mr. President.  My sense is some of the most exciting work being done in our country, particularly in our Pacific Northwest, involves voluntary, purely private efforts, where people look to try to get beyond some of the old controversies, some of the old battles, and come together to resolve natural resources questions in a balanced way.  What our history in the Northwest has always been about is protecting our treasures, protecting our natural resources, while at the same time being sensitive to economics. It is my sense that some of the voluntary watershed restoration projects on private lands give us the chance to accelerate the effort, to find these new models for resolving natural resources questions. It is for that reason that I offer this amendment today.  This amendment would make it possible, Mr. President and colleagues, for willing private landowners to work on cooperative efforts with the Bureau of Land Management to restore damaged watersheds so they can provide habitat to salmon and other species. It is going to make more effective the Bureau of Land Management's watershed restoration efforts in a fashion that involves no extra costs to our taxpayers while at the same time protecting the private property rights of citizens in our country.  I got particularly interested in this issue, Mr. President, when I met with a watershed restoration group in Coos Bay on our south coast. They had been working with a number of the natural resources agencies, getting some funding from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to work on projects that involve private landowners. The group was also interested in working in a cooperative effort with the Bureau of Land Management but had been unable to do so.  This watershed restoration group, which involved environmental leaders, industry leaders, fishermen, a cross section of people, approached the Bureau of Land Management and were told by the Secretary that the Bureau of Land Management interprets its authority to work on projects involving private landowners as limited to what they describe as planning activities. The Bureau of Land Management said at that time to this group on the south coast in Oregon that they did not think they had the authority to actually go out and fund improvements on private lands.  It is my view that the Bureau of Land Management ought to have the clear authority to work with willing private landowners on cooperative watershed restoration efforts. In many cases, the only way to solve a watershed problem or restore species habitat is to target both public and private lands in the watershed. You cannot solve the problem if you focus just on the public lands.  This is the most biologically responsible approach to species management. It recognizes that many species frequently cross property lines, movingfrom public to private property and back the other way. As a result, restoring habitat on private lands may in certain cases be the most effective investment for survival of species also found on Bureau of Land Management and other public lands.  For a moment, let me take an example where 90 percent of the land in the watershed is owned by the Bureau of Land Management but the source of the watershed problem is the 10 percent that is privately owned. In this case, the problem is most likely not going to be solved if the Bureau of Land Management can only spend money for improvements on the BLM land. The result will be that the watershed problem is either not going to be solved, or else the Bureau of Land Management is going to end up wasting money funding improvements only on the Bureau of Land Management lands.  There is a simple and straightforward solution: Give the Bureau of Land Management clear authority to work with willing private landowners on cooperative watershed restoration projects in cases where this will do the most good for the whole watershed. This way, the public's and the watershed's concerns--taxpayers', industries', and environmental concerns--all get addressed.  To be eligible for funding under this legislation, the project site on private land must be in the same watershed as the Bureau of Land Management lands. But the private land does not have to border directly with the Bureau of Land Management lands. The key consideration ought to be the biological and ecological connections between the private lands and the Bureau of Land Management lands.  Taking for a second what happens if salmon use both forks of a river in a single watershed, but only one of the forks contains public land, this legislation would allow the Bureau of Land Management to spend money on private land in the other fork where this would benefit the survival or recovery of the species as a whole in the watershed. The Bureau of Land Management would also be authorized to spend money on private lands where this would provide for immediate protection to the threatened or endangered species found on the public land or where spending the money on private land is more beneficial to the overall recovery of the species.  Now, at the same time, we do not want the Bureau of Land Management spending taxpayer money on projects that benefit only the private landowners. To ensure that this does not happen, the amendment requires there be a benefit to fish, wildlife, or other resources on public lands. The Secretary must also determine that the project is in the public interest in order for the Bureau of Land Management to purchase them.  Finally, Mr. President, my amendment provides important protections for private property owners participating in cooperative watershed restoration efforts. From start to finish, the process is completely voluntary. Under the amendment, the Bureau of Land Management can only enter into watershed restoration agreements that are mutually agreed to by the Secretary, as well as by the private landowner. If there is any part of the agreement that the private landowner objects to, that landowner can simply say no to the agreement.  What we have, Mr. President, is an amendment that, in my view, will be good for watershed restoration efforts. It will be good in terms of maximizing taxpayer funds during these tough times, and it fully protects the rights of private landowners. I hope this will be adopted.  I thank the Senator from Washington. Both he and his staff have been very helpful, as well as the Senator from West Virginia, Senator Byrd.  I yield the floor.  