President, I first want to extend my appreciation to Senator Hatfield. The chairman of the committee has done yeoman work on this and on so many issues for our State and for our country. He has honored me with the chance to work with him on the Oregon option in both the House and the Senate. I want him to know how much I appreciate his help and his counsel. I think it is clear that the administration looks to him for leadership on these issues and to a great extent it is because of Senator Hatfield that the administration consistently comes to us for the opportunity to test these issues. I want the Senator to know how grateful I am to be able to work with him and in particular, to support his amendment today.  I think Senator Hatfield has outlined quite well that the welfare system in America today does not work for anyone. It certainly does not work for taxpayers. In so many instances they watch as their tax dollars are frittered away. And I know that it does not work for many of those who are in the system. I have talked to them, and many of them have said they would very much like to break out of the system, but they get caught in a Catch-22. They may have a child at home and would like to work, but if they start working they lose their child care. So, to a great extent, the welfare system in America today does not work for much of anybody.  What I think Senator Hatfield has outlined is that Oregon, with our unique Oregon option, a plan that is being tried literally nowhere in the country, is offering the Nation the chance to break out of the encrusted shell of the old welfare system. We are saying, in effect, that we would like to bust loose, like we did with the Oregon health plan, and focus most specifically on results.  Senator Hatfield has made so many of the important points that I wouldlike to just touch on one or two others that I believe have great implications for the national debate about the delivery of services in our country, and particularly our human services. We know that many of our colleagues are now part of the debate that suggests either you ought to run everything from Washington, DC, that Washington, DC has the answers, or you should just give it back to the States and see what happens.  The Oregon option is a plan developed with the leadership of our Governor, John Kitzhaber, who has done outstanding work in the human services area, and with the help of the administration. The Oregon option offers an alternative approach that falls in between the two extremes of either running it all from Washington, DC, and saying Washington, DC, has the answers, or simply turning it over to the States and seeing what happens.  Oregon, in effect, with the Oregon option, is saying that if we are allowed to be free of some of the Federal shackles and some of the Federal red tape, we will guarantee we will focus on real accountability with respect to services. We will make sure that the focus is getting people off welfare into gainful employment in the private sector, and we will focus on results, we will focus on accountability.  I suggest to the Senate that the Oregon option does show real promise of getting to a creative third path between those who say ``run it all from Washington'' and those who just say ``turn it all over to the States and we will see what happens.'' Yes, let us give the States more freedom and more authority, but let us also require accountability. That is what the Oregon option is going to do.  I think it is worth focusing for a moment on how this is actually going to produce change in the system. In the future, with the Oregon option, a welfare office is going to be evaluated not by whether all of the boxes in every application get checked, but by how many individuals actually move into good, nonsubsidized jobs and whether we are reducing the number of children who live in poverty.  Right now, probably the best way to describe the system is that if you have somebody who is on welfare and at home, the system just goes forward. You do not have to adjust any benefits. You do not process any paperwork. There is no job training to account for, no assets that might accumulate. The system just goes on and on and on. Under the Oregon plan, those individuals who are running welfare services, are going to know the focus is on making sure there are results, making sure that you actually see people move into the private sector. This is what reform ought to be all about.  There are a number of specific features about the Oregon plan that I think make great sense for welfare reform generally. Under the Oregon option, the State is going to invest in what is known as transitional child care and preventive child care. As a Member of the other body, I saw repeatedly that there were individuals, particularly women who head households, who would be able to get off welfare. Sometimes they would get off a couple of times. They would be in the private sector, they would be making headway, then their child care would fall apart, and they would slide back onto public assistance.  The Oregon option, with its innovative approach toward child care is going to help prevent that in the future. The Oregon option allows welfare recipients to keep certain assets that can expedite the transition from welfare to work and make sure people do not fall back on welfare.  Finally, the focus with respect to the State's role is on real work situations, not these make-work kind of arrangements, but real employment opportunities where welfare recipients get trained on-site, by business people who have actual needs in the job markets in our State.  A lot of us see the welfare system as something that can be a ladder to a fresh start. It is not supposed to be a feather mattress. It is supposed to be a ladder. I am excited about the chance to change lives for the better in our State, excited about the fact that the Oregon option is going to allow taxpayer dollars to be used in a more effective way.  I want to commend both the administration and Secretary Shalala. I have had a chance to work with her on the Oregon option and the Oregon health plan. We think this is our one-two punch in reforming services that affect thousands of families. Secretary Shalala deserves great credit for that.  Finally, our Governor, as Senator Hatfield has noted, is consistently out in front in trying to look at these issues. I think, when you write the history of health reform, and I know the President is particularly interested in this issue, the country is going to look at what Oregon has done in health care and the way Oregon has made tough choices and the way Oregon has focused on prevention and focused on medical effectiveness and focused on ways to build a new partnership with providers. Because of Dr. Kitzhaber's work, the Oregon health plan is going to make a difference in health reform across this country. It is going to be something that the rest of the Nation is going to look to. Now, with the Oregon option we have a chance, through welfare reform, to complement the work that has been done on the health care side.  So I urge the adoption of the Hatfield amendment. As you can tell, we are passionate, on a bipartisan basis, about this important cause. It is going to change lives across our State. I think it is going to make a difference across our Nation, and I am pleased and honored to be here with Senator Hatfield to support his amendment.  I yield the floor.  