President, I have decided to wait until the end of the session to take a few moments to talk about the extraordinary service of our senior Senator, Mark O. Hatfield, because in a very real sense, it is almost impossible for citizens in our State to imagine that Mark O. Hatfield is not involved in a public way in service to our State.  His career has been truly extraordinary. I was 2 years old when Senator Hatfield began his remarkable service to the people of our State. At that time he was a State legislator. He moved quickly through leadership positions in our State--State senator, secretary of state, Governor--and his career has been marked by several qualities that I think have been so important in public service and that he will always be remembered for, not just by the people of our State but by the people of our country.  When Senator Hatfield ran in his first campaign for the Senate, it was after there had been a great debate among the citizens of our country and the Governors. Senator Hatfield was the lone voice of dissent in his party with respect to the Vietnam war. When he ran for the Senate, billboards were put up at that time with just one word, and that word was ``courage.'' If there has been anything which has marked Senator Hatfield's service to the public, it has been courage; not just on issues with respect to peace, but, again and again, Senator Hatfield was the one who would tell both political parties, both Democrats and Republicans, ``You are not going at it the right way. There is a better approach.'' That is true, whether it was national service or the motor voter program--just a couple of examples of recent vintage where he has bucked the tide in his party--or numerous other instances. It is always possible to see that courage in Mark O. Hatfield. We know that courage is always a trait that will be important to the people of our country and to the people of Oregon.  In addition to those special votes and public acts that showed great courage, Senator Hatfield is also known for his effort to bring civility to politics. Maybe we call it the second ``C'' in terms of what is important for politics in the next century. Courage is important, but so is civility.  In our State as well as in the Halls of Congress, it is well understood that when there is a serious problem and tempers are short, Senator Hatfield has been the one who has been able to bring parties together, been able to find common ground and find a solution simply because he refused to lose his temper, refused to yield to the pressures of the moment. I hope others will try to emulate those special qualities of civility that Senator Hatfield has brought to his service.  There are several substantive areas that I would like to mention because they are important to the people of the Northwest, but I think they are important to our country as well. The first is that, as we seek to balance the budget--and we all understand that, as citizens at home have to balance their budgets, they have made it crystal clear they want the Federal Government to balance its budget--we still have to figure out a way to make a handful of key investments in our future while we still move to balance the budget. That is what Senator Hatfield's service on the Senate Appropriations Committee has been all about. It is to try to figure out ways to keep the deficit down, to get us to a balanced budget, while at the same time making that small number of key investments in transportation, in education, in communications that really will pay great dividends for our country. The spirit of the West and the history of the West has been that private investment has always followed those well-targeted public investments, and that is what Senator Hatfield has tried to do in his service on the Appropriations Committee.  Let me also add that he has brought an approach in that service to try to reward imagination and creativity in government. We are especially proud of the pioneering work that we have done in our work on the environment and with our Oregon health plan. This session, Senator Hatfield led the effort to get our innovative welfare reform proposal approved. I think it is important to stress that, in his service on the Appropriations Committee, what he has always tried to highlight is the importance of rewarding States, private citizens, and communities that are willing, as has been the Oregon tradition, to get out in front, to take a bold approach, to try to break out of the old ways of doing business. I think it is especially important that this Senate follow that approach in the days ahead.  Let me say in concluding, in his departure from the U.S. Senate, Mark O.Hatfield leaves a lasting and inspirational model for all citizens, regardless of party, who aspire to public service. I am going to miss his advice and counsel. His service is going to be greatly missed by the people of Oregon and by the country.  We wish him and his wife Antoinette the best for the days ahead.  I yield the floor.  