President, let me say, as somebody who is new here, as a new Senator who campaigned for months on the idea that we have to come together, we have to find common ground, we have to get beyond some of the partisan labels, I want to come today and speak for a few moments about the importance of that approach and why I feel it is the only answer, and how I hope the Senate can get back on track and look at issues that way.  First, let me say, I have never considered myself particularly a partisan person. I come from a part of the world, the beautiful Northwest where we have a history of fresh and creative approaches to issues before the Government. Our citizens do not get up in the morning and say, ``Well, whose got the partisan answer? Is it a Democratic answer? Is it a Republican answer?''  They get up and talk about tackling major issues in a way that is fair and responsible and meets the needs of the public.  So I have tried to take that kind of philosophy, first as a Member of the House and now as a new Senator, in terms of attacking the need to address the concerns of the public.  As the Senator from North Dakota said very clearly, it is obvious that is how the Senate has made progress. Look at this minimum wage issue, for example. It seems to me when workers put out the maximum effort, they deserve a decent minimum wage. The Senate agreed and, fortunately, Senators of both parties came together, and passed an important small business package. My State is just chock-full of small businesses. We have only a handful of big businesses in the State of Oregon. You can almost count the big businesses on one hand, so we are a small business State, and those tax incentives that were passed with bipartisan support are going to make a real difference at home in Oregon and on Main Street in our country.  The same kind of bipartisan approach was used in the Kennedy-Kassebaum bill. I think that the health insurance system in our country needs to work for more than the healthy and the wealthy, and yet, so often, when somebody gets sick, the whole system falls apart. For a lot of families, you can only get coverage when you really do not need it, which is when you are well.  So the Senate came together, a bipartisan bill was passed, and it is going to make a real difference, because, for the first time, when citizens are trying to get ahead, when they work hard and play by the rules, they will not be limited in terms of their job advancement because they cannot get health insurance as they try to climb up the ladder in the free enterprise system.  So there have been real successes since I have been here, when Democrats and Republicans worked together on issues like health and the minimum wage. I am very hopeful that over the next 7 or 8 weeks of the session--and I just remind again our colleagues and our friends that there are only a handful of weeks left in the session. To get real results on issues like welfare and crime and aviation reforms--many of us are concerned about the situation with aviation in this country and want to pass real changes to make sure that the Federal Aviation Administration's mandate is safety first; that there can be public disclosure of the safety records of airlines in our country. To get this kind of work done on crime and welfare and transportation, we are going to have to have a bipartisan kind of approach, once again, in the Senate.  I think it has been very unfortunate. I have seen it over the last couple ofweeks and hope that it will not be the practice in the last few weeks in the session that as soon as a bill is essentially introduced--and my friends from North Dakota, Senator Dorgan and Senator Conrad, are very right to say, let's get away from some of these arcane, technical terms--``cloture'' and the like.  What the bottom line is all about is that for the last few weeks, as soon as a major bill has been introduced, there has been an effort to immediately cut off the debate. That bars the minority, especially, but certainly Members of the majority may have differing views on some of these issues, and debate, reasonable debate, is what the Senate is supposed to be all about.  The Senator from North Dakota [Mr. Dorgan] and I both served in the House. One of the things that we thought was possible about service in the Senate was to have a bit more time, a reasonable amount of time, for all sides to have a fair airing of an issue. Sometimes that time is not available in the House, and sometimes the public's business suffers as a result of it. So I think this practice of, in effect, trying to shut off debate, almost as soon as it starts, is something that is especially unfortunate and is going to make it tougher to get the public's business done in the last few weeks of this session.  Mr. President, I say to my colleagues, let me reiterate my interest and desire in looking at these issues in a bipartisan way. I think, for example, there are a variety of procedural reforms that would be very helpful in terms of the work of the Senate.  We know, again, for the last few weeks of the session, one of the practices that is often abused is a Senator puts a hold on a bill and does it all in secret. I think the Senator's procedural rights ought to be protected, but I think there ought to be public disclosure. The hold is not the problem, but I think secrecy is. So what I have been trying to do is work with Senators on both sides of the aisle, Democrats and Republicans, to try to make a change, to try to get public disclosure when there is a hold that will make the Senate more open, more accountable and more efficient and be in the interest of the public, so that the public's right to know is protected.  I am not trying to do that in a partisan kind of way. I am talking to Senators on both sides of the aisle, because I think that is the way we have to do the public's business.  (