President, with the conference report on S. 1994, the FAA bill, is still pending before the Senate, I want to take a moment to run through the provisions dealing with air safety. Having authored these with Senators McCain and Ford, I want the legislative history to be clear about how we got here and what we expect.  When we began the process, this was a relatively modest reauthorization bill, no safety measures to speak of. But we have come a long way: with this legislation, we are going beyond all the talk about safety.  The conference report includes two central provisions on air safety; the first eliminates the FAA's so-called ``dual mandate'' to make safety paramount at the FAA; the second requires the NTSB to make airline safety information available to the public.  Just as the American public relies on the FDA to assure that the food supply is safe, the flying public relies on the FAA to make sure aviation is safe. This is the FAA's most important and fundamental mission. Building an infrastructure for an ever-increasing demand for air travel is not.  The problem is that until today, the law gave the FAA a dual mandate. It said to the FAA, go out and promote air commerce but keep an eye on safety as well. Mr. President, that simply isn't acceptable.  The dual mandate created a dilemma for the Agency. If, for example, an FAA official believed new safety equipment, like better flight data recorders, would greatly improve safety, but it carried a huge price tag, what should that official do? That official would have to decide whether the safety benefits outweighted the costs to the aviation community. That is not the type of cost-benefit analysis I find acceptable.  That is why I sponsored the amendment, adopted unanimously by the Commerce Committee, to eliminate the Agency's dual mandate and make safety paramount. The FAA should not have to choose between safety and promotion of the industry.  The genesis for second provision on aviation safety information is my long-held belief that one thing Government can and should do is give American consumers access to good, unbiased information. It is time to adopt new policies that empower the consumer, to make it possible for consumers to get critical information about aviation safety in our country.  Everyone who flies should be able to make informed choices about the airlines they fly and the airports they use. This legislation will enable consumers to do that.  Right now, it is possible for consumers to find out if their bags may be crushed and whether their flights will arrive on-time. But it is pretty darn hard for consumers to find out if the airline they are flying on has been fined for violating a major safety law.  Back in July, Senator Ford and I wrote the FAA asking them to work with the NTSB, industry, labor and others to come up with a way to make aviation safety information available to the public.  I have talked to people in all parts of the aviation community--the FAA, NTSB, airlines, labor, manufacturers, pilots, and consumer groups--about the best way to do this. While there are certainly differences over how to do it, everyone agrees that it should be done. And I agree with those in the industry who say that anything involving safety should not be part of competition. But by having uniform definitions, standards, and public access to this information, I believe we will move safety out of the shadows and into the sunshine.  To get this kind of information today, consumers have to go through the legalistic torture of the Freedom of Information Act. I do not think that's good enough.  In addition, the kind of safety information gathered by the FAA and the NTSB is also a problem. It is pretty tough to figure out what's an accident and what's an incident. It is certainly unfortunate if a flight attendant trips and breaks a leg during a flight, but that shouldn't be recorded in the same way as an engine losing power in mid-air.  The intent of the provision in this bill is to have the NTSB make accurate information available to the public about aviation safety, including accidents and violations of safety regulations. This particular provision focuses on the NTSB, and I expect the NTSB effort to parallel the FAA's ongoing project of looking at how to make its information on accidents as well as violations of its regulations available to consumers.  In a few weeks, the FAA will be reporting back to Senator Ford and myself on the best way to handle a broader task: getting the FAA's more comprehensive safety information on accidents and fines for violations of safety regulations out to consumers. I look forward to this report.  Mr. President, there are many other important elements in this legislation, but I wanted to take this time to explain in greater detail those relating to aviation safety. These are critical components of this bill. I hope my comments will provide some guidance to the NTSB and the FAA as they proceed to put them into practice.  