President, many Americans see the process of setting a budget resolution as a murky, inside-the-beltway exercise that, charitably speaking, leaves them confused and frustrated. More than occasionally I have shared this frustration. But Americans also know that the decisions we make now are going to affect their futures and the futures of their children and their grandchildren. At home in Oregon, that means doing the hard work that the majority budget resolution simply ignores. At home in Oregon, it means making tough choices, not politically expedient ones.  For example, it means fixing Medicare and Medicaid, not just sucking billions of dollars out of these extraordinarily important health care programs. At home in Oregon, we have ground down the cost of health care and Medicare to one of the lowest per capita averages in our Nation. Republican budget drafters could have built on Oregon's success. They could have helped transform the Medicare Program, its management and its finances, in a way to encourage innovation and equality and efficiency as we have done in much of my State. But this budget simply cuts rather than transforms. It leaves behind many of the same old problems in the Medicare Program, the problems that have seen so often results in rewards for inefficiency and instead again pounds the vulnerable. I think it is a mistake, and I think it is possible to do far better.  On the welfare reform issue, all of us understand this is a job that must be done. Again, at home in Oregon, we found a way to make a real start by reforming our health care system for the working poor and launching a new welfare-to-work program that is putting our citizens in good-paying jobs. It took an up-front investment that is already paying dividends and is expected to be yet more successful in the future. But it took political will. It took reasonable public support to get the job done, and again I think this budget is not going to make that possible.  I am afraid this budget on the welfare reform issue promises a stillbirth for future efforts in other States by operating on the idea that you can just out-cheap the system rather than transform it to make it work.  If you look at the budget offered by the majority, we would have to cut $56 billion more than the administration foresees for education and training. On one of the issues most important to the future of Oregon families, this budget says it is more important to spend on a number of outdated military weapons systems than it is to support education and vocational training for our children who are going to need the skills and the experiences essential to compete in a global economy.  I say to my friends, the cold war is over. We won it. But the majority budget does not reflect this reality.  The new war, the economic war that enlists every schoolchild in my State and across the country, is the one that we are going to have to fight aggressively. Our competitors in Asia and Europe shoot with real bullets. They are making stronger investments in education and training than we are, and they are creating world standard, technical quality work forces.  What is the response in this budget? The majority budget extracts funds that we need for training and educating our schoolchildren and reinvests it in goldplated weapons systems that even the military questions today. The majority budget goes on to cap the Direct Student Loan Program at 20 percent, a program that eliminates red-tape and middle-level bureaucracy in order to get funds to working families and students. Head Start would be frozen, eliminating opportunities for up to 20,000 children. And, while Americans across the country are talking about the specter of corporate downsizing, this budget would deny assistance over the next 6 years through the Job Training for Dislocated Workers Program to many of the workers in our Nation who have lost their jobs.  On the environmental issue, an issue of great importance to our State, we see again how there is a retreat in this budget from much of the great bipartisan progress that has been made in the last 20 years. For example, in my State this bipartisan progress has led to effective stewardship of great natural treasures like Crater Lake and the Three Sisters Wilderness. This budget would put that bipartisan tradition of environmental protection in reverse, simply by cutting the National Park Service budget by 20 percent below the administration's proposal. This is going to force some parks to close, others are going to cut back on maintenance and access, and we are going to spoil, in my view, much of the important progress in environmental protection that has been made in the last few decades.  In the early 1960's, citizens of my State launched a huge public program to clean up the polluted Willamette River, a project that, at that time, was one of the biggest and most expensive environmental efforts in our history. We understand the value of clean water and resource protection, and we were willing to pay the price of renewing that great river. And that wise investment has been paid back many times.  The people of our State want to see those special values and environmental stewardship projected in this budget resolution. But this budget makes a retreat from those values by cutting the environmental programs nearly 20 percent in 2002. The budget would relieve polluters of certain Superfund cleanup costs and make every taxpayer shoulder new burdens. EPA enforcement activities would be rolled back, and there would be fewer environmental cops on the beat.  I am particularly concerned that the need for salmon restoration funds in the Columbia River and maintaining our fish hatcheries in this Great Basin are priorities that again come up unattended and short in this resolution.  So I say to my colleagues on both sides, one of the efforts I have been proudest of in my early days in the Senate was getting 34 Senators to join me in a letter that I authored, making it clear that it was important to get the nongermane and devastating environmental riders out of the omnibus appropriations bill. We were successful at that. The spending bill does not gut the environmental protections that have been pushed so hard by so many for so long. If this budget resolution forces a retreat on environmental protection, we will make the same effort, as this process goes forward, to turn it around as we did in our successful work in terms of getting the antienvironmental riders out of the omnibus appropriations bill.  Let me conclude with a word or two about taxes. Oregonians want tax reform and they believe that this should be a priority as part of this budget resolution. But this majority budget cuts taxes in strange and mysterious waysthat many of my constituents challenge. A $500 per child tax credit for a person making $110,000 per year? How does that square against increasing taxes to low-income working families, families that work hard, that play by the rules, and have had a chance to see work rewarded under the earned income tax credit? This budget, unfortunately, retreats, in terms of support for working families that are struggling to get ahead. It retreats on the question of Medicare and Medicaid. And I believe, as a result of those changes, we are going to see lower quality health care, a sicker pool of individuals relying on those Government programs, and we will see, as a result of the tax changes and the health changes, a significant reduction in the opportunities that all of us want to see for individuals in these public programs who want to get out having that opportunity to do so.  The proposed cuts in Medicaid would end guaranteed health coverage, for example, for 36 million Americans. For seniors, the $250 billion in Medicaid cuts over 7 years risks cutting off prescription drugs, home and community-based care, and assistive devices such as wheelchairs. I do not think our families can afford those additional burdens.  So, as we now go to the amendments on this issue of extraordinary importance, let us look beyond the cold, stark figures of the budget. Budgets just are not about numbers, they are about the hopes and aspirations of the American people. We have to get a balanced budget. The families of my State balance their budgets. It is important for the Congress to balance the Federal budget as well. But it has to be approached in a way that ensures a sense of fairness, that sacrifices are not just singled out for those who do not have political power. Let us make sure that this budget resolution, this budget resolution which would provide an opportunity to reform Medicare and Medicaid in a way that Oregonians have already begun, would be pursued by the Congress as a whole.  I am happy to yield time to the Senator from California.  