President, I thank my colleagues from South Carolina and North Dakota.  Mr. President, colleagues, as of now everyone knows what is going to happen when the Senate votes on this measure. The script on this issue has been published. It is played, and it is almost like yesterday's news. There probably is more likelihood that Michael Jordan is not going to show up for the playoffs than there is going to be a surprise on this issue.  I am here today to say that it does not have to be this way, my colleagues. I have introduced along with Senator Hollings, Senator Dorgan, and Senator Daschle a constitutional amendment to balance the budget that is identical to the measure introduced by Senator Dole, save for one change. Our measure simply says that you cannot go out and raid the Social Security trust fund. You cannot go out and take $600 billion, money that belongs to working people, to young people, to seniors, and use it to balance the budget.  I call our effort--and it has really been led by Senator Hollings for all these years. I think that we are the straight bookkeeping crowd. We are the crowd that wants some truth in budgeting. We are the folks who are saying it is time to end this accounting fiction which has been perpetrated, as Senator Hollings has said, in direct contravention of section 13301 of the Budget Act.  The Budget Act is clear. There is no ambiguity about it. It says that you cannot use Social Security funds to mask the overall Federal deficit. You cannot do it. Both political parties unfortunately have done it.  So what we want to do in our straight bookkeeping kind of effort is to try to make sure in the interest of both the cause of balancing the budget and protecting the Social Security program that we do what the law requires, and we do what is in the public interest.  I happen to think that, if you do it as we propose, what is going to happen is you are going to have to make tough choices on both the budget and Social Security more quickly.  I have come from a round of town meetings--and I am sure all of our colleagues have--at home. One of the things I heard consistently is that lots of folks feel that the Congress has put off the tough choices--put them off until after the election, put them off for years. If you do what we propose, you bet you have to make some tough choices, and you have to make them earlier. Maybe we are going to have to say no to some pork barrel spending programs.  I believe that if you wall off the Social Security program, as we propose, that you do not let the surplus be used for balancing the budget, and you are going to see when the Social Security stands, as it should, separate from the Federal budget that we have to make some changes there too. We have a Social Security advisory commission that is going to report fairly shortly. They have a number of recommendations. They are going to be tough for people to swallow. But let me say that at a time when more young people think that they are going to see Elvis than think they are going to get a Social Security check that we are going to have to make some tough choices with respect to Social Security.  So with our proposal--by making sure that the overall deficit is tackled responsibly and tackled more quickly--by walling off the Social Security program, as the Congress intended in the Budget Act, we believe that the country will get the discipline and tough choices that are needed, and get them earlier.  I want to announce also this afternoon that it is my intention, after further consultation with the minority leader, Senator Daschle, and Senator Dorgan, to ask unanimous consent after the Senate has voted on the measure of the majority leader--it is my desire and my intention--to ask unanimous consent that our measure, a constitutional amendment to balance the budget without raiding Social Security, be considered immediately after the vote on the measure offered by the majority leader.  I think it is time to talk about a constitutional amendment to balance the budget that has some legs. I think that we have had enough of this exercise in failure. The script has been written. We do not have to conclude this debate with a debate that fails. We can conclude it in a manner that will bring us real truth in budgeting, will ensure that the books are kept, and will allow us to have a constitutional amendment to balance the budget.  So let me be clear on this. I and those that support this measure are willing to write into law that there would be a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. This is not a statute. This is a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. And it is identical to the measure offered by the majority leader save for one respect.  It is my intent to ask unanimous consent to have that measure considered immediately after the vote on this measure offered by the majority leader. I hope that measure will be considered. I believe that, if it is considered, we will get a minimum of 70 votes on that particular measure.  My source for that appraisal is that on February 10, 1995--Senator Hollings was here, I was not--but on February 10, 1995, on a measure that in effect recommitted a constitutional amendment to balance the budget to committee to do exactly what Senator Hollings and I propose now--that particular measure got more than 80 votes.  I would like to conclude my remarks in really a bipartisan kind of fashion by picking up on what the majority leader said early this week.  The majority leader said early this week, ``If the President wants a balanced budget, we will have a balanced budget.'' I am here to say that, if the majority leader wants a constitutional amendment to balance the budget, we will have a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. It is a measure that will get a minimum of 70 votes on this floor. It is a measure that will write into law a specific constitutional amendment to bring about the discipline the American people want, and it will be bipartisan. But it also will be one that will keep faith with our working people and with our seniors who are paying those whopper payroll taxes--15.3 percent between the worker and the employer. Millions of Americans pay more in payroll taxes than they pay in income taxes. They want a balanced budget, but they do not think we ought to do it by raiding the Social Security Program. The measure we hope to get a recorded vote on after the measure proposed by the majority leader would give us a chance to meet the desires of the American people for a balanced budget but one that also ensures that their Social Security is protected.  I thank my good friend from South Carolina for yielding me this time.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  