President.  Mr. President and colleagues, I rise in support of this legislation, S. 1994, to reauthorize the programs of the FAA. This is important legislation, and I especially want to commend the chairman of the Aviation Subcommittee, Mr. McCain, and also the distinguished ranking member of the Aviation Subcommittee, Senator Ford, for working closely with me on several provisions that have been included in this legislation.  Suffice it to say that when consideration of this bill began, it was a relatively modest reauthorization measure. No safety or security issues--certainly not any dramatic changes in safety or security policy--were envisioned at that time. Now these concerns are finally back to the forefront where they belong. It is my view that with this legislation the Senate takes the first step toward meaningful action to improving aviation safety and security in our country.  I think it has to be understood that there is still a long way to go even with the enactment of this legislation, but with the passage of this bill at least the prospect has begun in earnest to strengthen safety and security for the citizens who fly in our country.  My view is that in particular it is time to adopt new policies that empower the consumer, make it possible for consumers to be in a position to get critical information about aviation safety in our country. Right now it is possible for consumers to find out if their bags get crushed, and it is possible to find out if their flight is on time. But it is pretty darned hard for consumers to find out if the airline that they fly on has been fined for violating a major safety law.  At present what happens is, if there is a violation of a major safety law by an airline, for a citizen to find out they have to file a Freedom of Information Act request in order to get the information about a safety violation on the part of an airplane on an airline that they fly regularly. I do not think that is good enough. I think consumers deserve better. And Senator Ford and I have requested that the Federal Aviation Administration undertake an effort to make this kind of information available to the citizens of our country.  In the next few weeks we expect to receive a report from the Federal Aviation Administration about the best way to make important safety information available to the public, and this legislation that the Senate considers today requires a comparable report to the National Transportation Safety Board.  Mr. President, colleagues, let me say that from my standpoint this is only part of what needs to be done to empower consumers to get relevant information about safety and security. For example, today the Federal Aviation Administration posts signs in U.S. airports about the security dangers in foreign airports, but there are not any signs about security problems at our airports. It seems to me, again, that consumers, in line with certain uniform criteria so that the airlines and all who work in aviation understand what the standards are--the airlines would be expected to act in concert with those kinds of safety and security criteria, and the public would have a right to know whether airports in our country are meeting those safety and security criteria just as we now have postings with respect to security problems at foreign airports.  So I think that in these next few weeks we will begin to get information from the FAA with respect to how to make this key safety information public. I want it understood, Mr. President and colleagues, that I think this is just the beginning.  I want to thank the chairman of the Aviation Subcommittee. Both he and his staff have been very helpful to me in this effort to empower consumers. I am going to make a couple of other quick comments with respect to the legislation, but I want Chairman McCain to know that I very much appreciate the help that he and his staff, as well as Senator Ford, have given me on this; because, for the life of me, I cannot figure out why it is right for consumers to find out if their bags get crushed, find out if their flights are on time, but why they ought to have to go out and file a Freedom of Information Act request to determine whether an airline has violated major safety laws. That is not right. That has to be changed. On a bipartisan basis, working with Chairman McCain and ranking member Ford, I think we can get it changed. We will get that information with respect to the FAA in the next couple of weeks.  This legislation makes a positive step forward as well as by requiring a comparable report from the National Transportation Safety Board.  I also want to say to Chairman McCain that I want to work very closely with him on the matter of security postings at our airports. I have had a chance, both publicly and privately, to discuss this with officials in the aviation field. It is important to do it in line with certain recognized criteria. But it seems to me that, if an airline passenger in Phoenix, Portland, or anywhere else goes into an airport and finds out about overseas airports that have security problems, it seems to me they ought to have a right to know about the airports in our country where there are security concerns as well because I think those empowered consumers, once they have that kind of information, will help us and help us on a bipartisan basis to work for the kind of safety and security that the public deserves.  Mr. President, colleagues, one of the other aspects of this bill that I think makes a positive step forward deals with the need for uniformity in definitions relating to safety. Right now an accident involving a death or a serious injury or substantial damage to an aircraft is treated the same as an accident involving a plane backing into a truck or a coffee-cup spill that causes problems which are also reported as an accident. An incident involves less severe mishaps that affect safety in other ways, such as planes hitting birds or things of this nature. This legislation will provide some uniformity in terms of definitions in this area, and I think that is a fortunate step forward.  I also think this legislation is very helpful from the standpoint of requiring more comprehensive employment investigations, including criminal history record checks for individuals who will screen airline passengers, baggage and property. Under Senators McCain and Ford, what has happened here is the legislative straitjacket that has hamstrung FAA efforts in this area are removed. I think that is a helpful step forward as well.  Finally, I think this legislation is a very important measure with respect to the small airports of our country. These airports, such as Bandon and John Day and Klamath Falls, in my home State, serve citizens in rural Oregon. This legislation makes it possible for those small airports around the country to get some help at a critical time. Without the funding formula of this legislation, the smaller airports would suffer disproportionate cuts in grant funding at a time when appropriations are especially tight.  So this is a piece of legislation that needs to be enacted. I think, with respect to safety and security, it is important to note that when this reauthorization began, safety and security were not much measured in what looked, at that time, to be a modest reauthorization. But the events of the last few months have indicated that important and much more significant action needs to be taken, especially with respect to safety and security. I think the legislation that Chairman McCain and Ranking Member Ford bring to the Senate moves us significantly in the right direction.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and urge adoption of the legislation.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Campbell). The Senator from Arizona.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Oregon for not only his kind words but, far more important, for the exuberance, passion, and knowledge that he brings to the Aviation Subcommittee and the Commerce,Science and Transportation Committee. Obviously, he is committed and knowledgeable on these issues. We value his participation and the very important contributions he has made to this legislation.  I yield the floor.  