He and I got to know each other in the House and enjoyed working together, and it has been a pleasure to work with my friend from Arizona on it. I share Senator Kyl's view that we have had a number of Senators--I see Senator Nickles is here and Senator Coats on the Republican side; Senator Kennedy, for example, on the Democratic side--that have been working some very long hours and working in good faith to try to deal with this. I believe we are now very close in terms of dealing with the issue.  I just want to spend a minute and try to outline the problem and then talk a bit more about some of the remedies that Senator Kyl has talked about.  The reason this issue is so important is that managed care is the fastest growing part of American medicine. Now, health care, we know, is a multibillion dollar industry. The fastest growing part of it is managed care. I want to make it clear that there is a lot of good managed care in our country. I come from a part of our Nation, the State of Oregon, that has been a pioneer in the managed care field. We have seen good managed care. If you want to see 21st century medicine, you can come to my State and see a lot of it in action every day.  But, unfortunately, too often we have seen that financial concerns, concerns about expensive treatments or referrals, have replaced what is the important essence of American health care, which is free and unfettered communication between doctors and patients.  These limitations are what is known as gag clauses. A health maintenance organization may say to the doctors, ``We're watching you in terms of those expensive treatments.'' Or the health maintenance organization will say to the doctors, ``We're keeping track of the referrals that you're making,'' with an idea that perhaps a doctor who tells about an additional provider outside the network is doing something detrimental to the plan.  We can have differences of opinion--and Senator Kyl and I have talked about this before--on a lot of health care issues. Reasonable people surely differ with respect to the role of the Federal Government, the role of the private sector. There are lots of issues in American health care that there can be legitimate differences of opinion on.  I offer up the judgment that what should never be in dispute is the importance of patients and families to get all the facts, to get the truth, to get all the information about the various issues relating to their medical condition and the treatments that are available. In fact, I think 21st century health care is about getting information over the Internet. The kind of legislation we are talking about today is going to be built around empowering patients to get the information so as they look at the various options that they might consider for their treatment, they can do it on the basis of having all the facts.  Now, Senator Kyl has outlined briefly a few of the issues that we have focused on in some depth. Let me just add to them very briefly. The first is on the matter of the regulatory framework and the role of the Federal Government and the States. What Senator Kyl and I have done, in very blunt, straightforward terms, is make it clearthe States will take the lead with respect to carrying out this statute. Congress has done this before in a number of areas, done it in the Medigap area, done it in the maternity stay legislation. The legislation that we offer up and is based on our discussion, basically makes it clear when a State acts in a way that is rationally connected to the purposes of this statute, the State is going to be in a position to take the lead.  Second, we know there are many who are concerned with respect to an issue that comes up in this body quite often, and that is reproductive health issues, in the matter of abortion specifically. We have sought to make sure that each individual practitioner or doctor can exercise what amounts to a ``conscience clause'' and be able to express that for religious or moral reasons, there are certain matters--abortion--that they would not be comfortable discussing. We also thought to make it clear that plans would have certain rights, particularly to make it clear to their individual practitioners, doctors, and others, that the plan did not offer abortion services.  There are other ideas that may be worth exploring, built principally on the concept of disclosure. Plans ought to know they are not going to be subject to unexpected legal consequences, and the consumer ought to be in a position to get full disclosure of exactly what their plan offers. I believe we have made considerable headway in that regard.  We believe, with a bit more work and the kind of good faith we have seen over these last few weeks--and it is important to note that the same spirit exists in the House. Dr. Ganske of Iowa and Congressman Markey, like Senator Kyl and I, have been working on a bipartisan basis, with the idea that these gag clauses have no place in 21st century American health care.  Mr. President, 21st century American health care ought to be built around the idea that when patients and families sit down with their physician, their physician would give them all the facts, all the information they need, to make these choices.  I want to thank Senator Kyl. He knows when I offered this the first time we got a majority of votes in the U.S. Senate, but the point is to get something that is going to bring the entire Senate together, to bring all the Members together around a proposition of full consumer disclosure and consumer empowerment. I think we can do that.  We are putting the States in the lead. This is not an example of Federal micromanagement or Federal Government run wild. We are going to make sure that plans and practitioners, who, for religious or moral reasons, have concerns about discussing abortion, and others, would be protected. I think we do it in a way that is sensitive to legitimate concerns of many in the field for managed care plans. For example, we have important provisions on utilization review. Those managed care plans ask for those. That is part of our compromise.  Let me at this time yield, because I know there are a number of Senators who have been working in good faith and want to participate in this. Therefore, I yield back to Senator Kyl and our other colleagues who have been putting some long hours on this. I am looking forward to staying with this until we get these protections for consumers and doctors, and do it in a fair way.  