President, let me also, in closing, quote briefly from a few of these endorsements.  The Association of American Physicians writes:       Restrictions on communication with our patients not only      undermine quality of care, but [constitutes] a blatant      violation of the Hippocratic oath. Prohibition of ``gag      rules'' is a crucial step toward protecting patients.  The Center for Patient Advocacy writes:       It has become common for insurers to incorporate clauses or      policies into providers' contracts that restrict their      ability to communicate with their patients. Such gag clauses      seriously threaten the quality of care for American patients.  Mr. President, let me conclude by saying that my part of the country was involved in the pioneering work in the managed care area. I have seen in my community--we have perhaps the highest concentration of managed Medicare in the country, with almost 50 percent of the older people in managed care--that it is possible to offer good quality managed care services.  What has concerned me is that there has been a pattern documented of managed care plans cutting corners and, unfortunately, imposing these gag clauses which get in the way of the doctor-patient relationship and the patient having the kind of information that a patient needs in order to make their own decisions about their health care.  I don't think that is what the health care future of our country is all about. As I talk to patients, and I have sought to work in this area since my days with the elderly before being elected to Congress, I find that patients today hunger for information. I suspect in the years ahead, you are going to have medical patients in our country at their computer looking at the Internet to get information about medical services, and it seems to contradict the future of American health care to have these gag rules which would cut off essential information in managed care plans between providers and plans and their patients.  Mr. President, I hope that my colleagues will support this legislation. It has received bipartisan support on both sides of the Hill. I hope this will receive a unanimous vote here in the Senate today.  