President, the purpose of this amendment is to give local communities time to work with the Department of Transportation and the Federal Railroad Administration to find grade crossing safety mechanisms that meet their needs.  Without this amendment, the Federal Government, beginning in November of this year, will impose a one-size-fits-all standard on every community in America with a railroad grade crossing. Many communities have banned the blowing of train whistles. But the Federal Government would preempt these local laws and impose a requirement that trains begin blowing their whistles within one quarter mile of any crossing that does not have the most expensive grade crossing safety equipment.  Without this amendment, every community in America that doesn't have the fancy, top-of-the-line grade crossing safety gates will be forced to go out and immediately spend upwards of $300,000+ to install this equipment, or face Federal preemption. This means small communities of several hundred will have to find $300,000 for this equipment, or see their local train whistle bans preempted by the Federal Government.  Under current law, on November 2 of this year, all towns without complex and expensive grade safety requirements will be required to lift their train whistle bans. What this means for some towns in Oregon and across the country, is that day and night the communities are going to be barraged with train whistles.  These communities are essentially being blackmailed by cacophony into raising taxes and putting up exorbitant amounts of money to install highly sophisticated safety measures--when in many cases, much simpler measures would have the same desired results.  My friends, there is a better way to do this. Safety is paramount, but under these train whistle requirements, what we are seeing is cookie-cutter solutions to safety that may not be appropriate for all communities.  Many communities can make substantial improvements in safety through public education, highway markings, and signage, but right now it looks like their only choice is a costly four quadrant gates--otherwise, they are going to be doomed to whistling trains.  The original legislation, while placing an important emphasis on train safety, left out one key issue and that is community involvement in the decision making on train whistle bans.  My very simple amendment would encourage the Department of Transportation to work with communities to develop effective local solutions.  First, the Department would be required to take into account the interests of affected communities and the past safety record at the grade crossing involved when determining how to implement safety requirements.  Second, where the Department determines that a grade crossing is not sufficiently safe, my amendment requires them to work in partnership with communities to develop reasonable safety requirements.  In Oregon, there are two communities in particular that are concerned about the train whistle ban requirements, Pendleton and the Dalles. In these communities, trains may pass through certain neighborhoods every few minutes. Trains are required to blow their whistles one-quarter mile before reaching a grade crossing. Clearly this is a recipe for chaos.  I think that it is important that the Department of Transportation work with these communities to develop effective and timely safety measures, instead of mandating costly and perhaps unnecessary grade crossing equipment or threaten them with nonstop whistles.  My amendment will do just this and I urge the Senate to support its inclusion in this legislation.  