Because the fact is, and let us go to the discussion of this matter, this has nothing to do with the Federal budget. What I am seeking to do is to make sure that managed care plans, the fastest growing part of American health care today, are not allowed to impose gag rules that impede patients from getting all the information that they need with respect to medical services and medical treatments.  I come, Mr. President, from a part of the country that has pioneered managed care. The Portland metropolitan area that I represented, first in the House and now as a Senator, has the highest concentration of managed care in our country. We have seen good managed care, and there is plenty of it in Oregon.  Unfortunately, there are managed care plans that have cut corners and that have kept a patient from a full range of those who provide necessary services. There are plans in the country where there have been oral communications where a plan says to a particular provider: ``We're watching the number of referrals that you are making out of the network. We don't want you to refer to that particular specialist.''  This is going on in our country. It is not right, and that is what this issue is all about. This is not a budget issue, I say to my colleagues. This is a matter of right and wrong. This is a matter of whether you are going to stand up for consumers, stand on the side of patients, or whether you are going to see those gag rules that keep patients from getting the information that they need and deserve.  Mr. President, the preamble of the Hippocratic oath, which guides so much of American health care, is a statement to physicians: ``First, do no harm.''  The message of these gag restrictions, these gag clauses that we are seeing in managed care plans all across the country is not ``First, do no harm.'' Their message is, ``First, support the bottom line.'' That is the issue that we are debating. That is not good health care. That is certainly not good managed care.  Several months ago, the Washington Post cited a startling example involving the Mid-Atlantic Medical Services health plan, a large Washington metro area provider. This plan wrote a letter to network practitioners informing them that ``effective immediately, all referrals from (the plan) to specialists may be for only one visit.'' And in bold type, the letter stated: ``We are terminating the contracts of physicians and affiliates who fail to meet the performance patterns for their speciality.''  That is the kind of gag rule, that is the kind of constraint that is being imposed on patients in the American health care system today by some managed care plans. Certainly, not all the managed care plans, and it is certainly not representative of what we are seeing in Oregon, but it is happening across the country. We have even seen it in a State like mine that has good managed care, and this is a bad deal for patients all around.  First, patients end up not getting the kind of health care that they need.  Second, the plan may restrict the provider, the physician, from informingthe patient about referral restrictions so that the patient doesn't even know that they are being medically shortchanged via the plan's policy.  So what you have, stemming from the gag clauses, is a situation where our patients are in the dark in the fastest growing sector of American health care. These gag clauses keep the patients from even knowing, from even being in a position to understand that they are being medically shortchanged via a plan's policy.  Let me mention a couple of providers who have brought this to my attention in Oregon.  One orthopedic surgeon faced a situation where his managed care plan demanded he diagnose problems in patients apart from the ones for which they were referred. He, in effect, was told he had to keep his mouth shut and instead re-refer those folks back to their primary care physician.  This physician wrote me: ``This is extremely disappointing to patients, as you might imagine. This requires more visits on their part to their primary care physician and then back to me, which is extremely inefficient.''  Another physician, a family practitioner in a rural part of the State, wrote that antigag legislation was needed because ``when a physician recommends medical treatment for a patient and a plan denies coverage for that treatment, patients and physicians need an effective mechanism to challenge the plan.''  So what we find is that these kinds of communications, communication between a plan and a provider, such as an oral communication, are getting in the way of the doctor-patient relationship, and that is why consumer groups and provider groups all across this country are up in arms and have weighed in on behalf of this particular amendment.  There are some protections. A handful of States do offer some protections for the patient, but they vary widely from State to State. So that is why I bring this matter to the Senate's attention.  Senator Kennedy joins me in this effort to set a national standard for what has become a national problem, but I would like to emphasize how bipartisan this effort is. Senators need to understand that if they vote against my amendment, they are essentially voting against the amendment that Senator Helms has also filed. It is a little bit different. It has not been formally addressed in the Senate, but it is essentially what Senator Helms has sought.  In the House, Dr. Greg Ganske, a Republican, a physician, has done yeoman work on this matter, with Congressman Ed Markey of Massachusetts, a Democrat. They have held voluminous hearings in the House where this has been a problem documented on the record.  The Commerce Committee dealt with this issue--I would like all my colleagues to know this, as we move to a vote on this matter--the House Commerce Committee dealt with this on a unanimous basis, on a bipartisan unanimous basis, and I simply want my colleagues to know that while Senator Kennedy joins me formally in this effort, Senator Helms has filed what amounts to almost an identical amendment to what I offer today.  Dr. Ganske and Ed Markey, on a bipartisan basis in the House, have engineered committee approval of it, so this is not a partisan issue that comes before the Senate today.  This amendment is rifle-shot legislation prohibiting only gag provisions in contracts or in a pattern of oral communications between plans and practitioners which would limit discussion of a patient's physical or mental condition or treatment options.  I want to emphasize that health plans would still be able to protect and enforce provisions involving all other aspects of their relationships with practitioners, including confidentiality and proprietary business information. The reason that is important, Mr. President, is obviously it is not in the interest of the American people or this body to have the U.S. Senate fishing about in the proprietary records of health plans.  What this is all about is making sure that patients get information about health services, about their physical or mental condition, about treatment options. They deserve the right to information about health services and not face these gag clauses that keep them from getting the information that they deserve.  I want my colleagues to know that I have worked hard with leaders in the managed care community, as well as practitioners and consumer advocates in crafting this legislation. The amendment specifies that State laws which meet or exceed the Federal standard set out here would not be preempted by Federal law.  The bill has been endorsed by a wide variety of provider groups, physician groups, as well as by consumer organizations. The endorsements for this particular amendment include the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, the American Association of Retired Persons, the Center for Patient Advocacy, Citizen Action, the Consumers Union, the American College of Emergency Physicians, and a number of other organizations.  Here is what the Association of American Physicians had to say with respect to this amendment. They said:       Restrictions on communication with our patients not only      undermine quality of care, but are a blatant violation of the      Hippocratic oath. Prohibition of gag rules is a crucial step      toward protecting patients.  The Center for Patient Advocacy said:       It has become common for insurers to incorporate clauses or      policies into providers' contracts that restrict their      ability to communicate with their patients. Such gag clauses      seriously threaten the quality of care for American patients.  So what we have, Mr. President, and colleagues, is essentially a pattern across the country with these gag rules that turns the Hippocratic oath on its head. A Hippocratic oath that tells physicians, ``First, do no harm,'' has become all too often, ``First, think about the bottom line.''  So I am very hopeful that on a bipartisan basis the Senate will pass, hopefully without opposition, my amendment. As I say, a vote against my amendment is essentially a vote against what Senator Helms has filed in this body. It is a vote against what Dr. Ganske has sought to do in the House. And most importantly, it is a vote against patients and consumers all across the country.  If you vote against this amendment today, which will undoubtedly be the only chance the Senate gets to go on record on it in this session, then you are sending a message to managed care plans across the country that if you want to stiff the patients, if you want to stiff those who are vulnerable and those who need health care in America, it is all right. You can keep from them information about their physical and mental options and alternatives. You can keep information from them about treatment and kinds of services. I cannot believe that is what the U.S. Senate would want to do.  I think what the U.S. Senate would want to do is what Senator Helms has sought to do, what Dr. Ganske has sought to do, what Congressman Markey and Senator Kennedy and I have sought to do, and that is to stand up for the rights of the patients.  So I am hopeful that this will be supported widely by Senators today. We should not let these gag rules between plans and an individual physician get in the way of the sacred doctor-patient relationship. These plans are the fastest growing part of American health care today. And we ought to go on record as being on the side of patients, as being on the side of the vast majority of doctors and providers in this country who want their patients to know all their treatment options, all the services that are available to them. I hope that Senators on a bipartisan basis will support this effort.  