President and colleagues, there is no question in my mind about the sincerity and good will of the Senator from Kansas. She, along with Senator Kennedy, have done, I think, an especially valuable service this session with the insurance involving portability. For the first time in America, because of the work of the Senator from Kansas, we are going to make sure that workers are not going to be locked into their jobs. They are going to have a chance to enjoy the American dream because of their hard work. No one questions the sincerity and the desire of the Senator from Kansas to tackle these very real and very human kinds of problems that affect so many of our families.  I feel very strongly--and looking at the sense of the Senate, it calls for consulting public and private entities with expertise and quality health care service delivery. The fact is that the House, in hearings that were public, shown on C-SPAN and the like, did exactly that. They had extensive discussions with the very people that this sense-of-the-Senate resolution suggests we talk with.  It would be one thing if there had been no discussions with these distinguished people in the private sector. Those discussions have taken place. They have been held. That is why Dr. Ganske, a Republican, and Congressman Markey, a Democrat, came together and got a unanimous vote to go forward and protect the rights of health care patients in the fastest growing part of American health care.  We have done, it seems to me, the essence of this sense-of-the-Senate resolution, No. 1.  No. 2, I think it puts patients at risk because it allows gag rules to go forward unimpeded in the months after this Congress adjourns.  I hope my colleagues and the Senate understand just how pernicious thesegag rules are. What these gag rules are all about is that a plan may say to a physician, ``You are making too many referrals outside the network, outside the health maintenance plan.'' The plan may say, ``I do not want to have a referral to an ophthalmologist or a cardiologist or another specialist.'' These are very anticonsumer provisions that are becoming a part of American health care. They have been documented. They are a matter of public record. I just think it is very risky business to say that instead of protecting the rights of the patients, instead of protecting the rights of the consumer, what we will do is study it a bit and talk to some of the same people that we already talked to, rather than protecting those rights of the patients.  So this Senator believes that we should not have another study, should not have yet another analysis. If I could just briefly engage the chair of the committee, Senator Kassebaum, who I know is having some discussions on several matters. But I wanted to see if it might be possible to have the distinguished chair of the committee lay aside her sense-of-the-Senate resolution at this time, and perhaps we can have some more discussion toward seeing if, on a bipartisan basis, we can come up with some piece of legislation that has some teeth in it before we conclude with this bill, and that we recognize that a majority of Senators voted to put some real teeth into this issue. It wasn't 60; it was 51. But a majority of Senators said that they didn't think these gag clauses were in the interest of American patients. They said this was anticonsumer. I would like to see--like we have done with FDA and other matters--whether the distinguished chair of the committee and I could work a bit further on this between now and the end of the day and perhaps come back to the Senate with a bipartisan proposal that really would provide a measure of relief to patients at this time.  Now, to do that, the Senator from Kansas would have to lay aside her sense-of-the-Senate proposal. I just ask if she would be willing to do that at this point, and during the interim, I ask that she and I and Senator Kennedy and our respective staffs, on a bipartisan basis, see if we can come up with a bipartisan proposal that would really have teeth in it and protect the rights of the patients.  I yield to the Senator from Kansas.  