President, I rise today to discuss for a few moments what will, hopefully, be before the Senate before too long. Also, I will make some comments with respect to the antiarthritic drug, Lodine.  I am particularly pleased that the Senate will have a chance to vote shortly on the Kassebaum-Kennedy legislation, because breaking this political logjam on health care reform means that millions of Americans who are stuck in jobs because they have a preexisting health problem will have a new margin of health security and economic freedom.  This legislation is good for American families. It is good for our workers and our business. What it means is that fear of losing critical health insurance coverage no longer would be a roadblock on the road to a better job and a better life. I want to applaud the bipartisan efforts of the Senate conferees, particularly Senator Kennedy, Senator Kassebaum, and Senator Breaux, who put long and hard service into this legislation, and it will be an important step forward when adopted.  Besides guaranteeing portability of health insurance coverage, this legislation contains little-noticed provisions that I think are going to make a great difference with respect to expanding health insurance coverage. This legislation, to the bipartisan credit of those Senate leaders, protects State flexibility with respect to State health insurance reforms. States like mine are laboratories for health care reform, and it is essential that we not turn out the laboratories at the State level with unnecessary Federal restrictions.  Senators Kassebaum and Kennedy worked very closely with me so that the exemption language in this legislation will allow Oregon's humane, rational, and far-reaching health insurance reform program to go into effect later this year. It would provide extensive group to individual policy reform in much the same way our Federal legislation envisages, but the approach that Oregon is taking is one that I think other States and possibly the Federal Government will want to emulate in the days ahead.  Mr. President, there are features of this bill and provisions that were not included that I think are unfortunate.  During this debate, I have expressed concern about the possibility of some vulnerable Americans being left behind if medical savings accounts become widespread. Every Senator should want to oppose the balkanization of medicine, where the young, the healthy, and the wealthy get good affordable health coverage at the expense of the sickest, the neediest, and the elderly. It is appropriate to test out the MSA concept, however, and I do believe this conference report offers a reasonable compromise in the form of a limited MSA demonstration project.  I join Senator Domenici and Senator Wellstone and many of my colleagues in mourning the loss of mental health parity in this legislation. Parity, in my view, is not just fair, it is good health care policy that saves health care dollars in the long run by assuring quality mental health coverage and particularly early intervention. I do not intend to vote against a good, bipartisan bill because of the loss of one provision, but I intend to join with colleagues of both parties to make sure that mental health parity is an issue revisited early in the next Congress.  Finally, as happens often in large conference reports, a few stray cats and dogs find some homes. This bill is no exception. I am going to talk for a moment about a mongrel in this bill that seems to have a pretty bad case of fleas. There is a provision in this legislation that would give the antiarthritic prescription drug Lodine a 2-year patent extension. Supporters of this idea first tried to maneuver it into the 1997 agriculture appropriations bill in the House. It is now in this legislation, page 76, subtitle H.  This is a bad idea, in my view, and it certainly should not be a part of an important bipartisan health reform bill. Lodine has already received one extension under the terms of the 1984 Hatch-Waxman amendments allowing for additional patent life on drugs which become involved in long regulatory approval delays. With that extension, the drug's manufacturers have built sales of $274 million. Many of these purchasers are seniors. Many of those who buy this anti-inflammatory drug are older people, walking on an economic tightrope, balancing their food costs against their fuel costs, their fuel costs against their medical bills, and they are paying for this drug, many of them, out of their pocket.  Mr. President, if Lodine's current extension is allowed to run out in 1997, this drug likely would get a generic competitor, and those consumers, those vulnerable older people would get a price break as a result of the competition. They are not going to get that break with this extension. I think it is unwise for the Senate to take more money out of the pockets of older people in this fashion. There have not been any congressional hearings, have not been any deliberations to look at any public purpose served by another 2-year extension of the Lodine patent. I think granting this extension creates a poor precedent. I am sorry to see this provision in this bill. It is a good bill, a bipartisan bill that needs to be enacted, but it is wrong to have this special-interest provision in this legislation.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  