Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for bringing this up.  This is not a Trump bill. This is a bill that affects one area: Alaska. This bill was asked for by the people who live in Alaska, not New Yorkers, by people who need power, that have not had power. It has been put in, in the past, they can't meet these standards imposed by the EPA. It doesn't work in the cold climate. They do not have the money to buy new generators.  Some say we have to protect their health. The gentleman from New York is going to shut down the clinics, the schools, and individual homes that cannot be heated, because there will be no electricity. There are no roads.  I am talking about small villages, 60 people, 25 people. They all have generators now that are outdated, but that is the only thing they can afford.  You know, we hear a lot from that side of the aisle, and sometimes thisside, about how we are protecting the people. Well, let's see how you are protecting them when they don't have healthcare, and they don't have schools. You really are helping them out.  As usual, the other side of this aisle, unfortunately, stands on this House floor and says what is best for people when they haven't the slightest idea.  You know, I don't wish bad luck on anybody, but maybe we want to have a blackout in New York and see how you would feel in a snowstorm. Maybe we would have some people understand that you are affecting people's lives directly by not supporting this bill.  This is a Senate bill that passed unanimously, supported by Tom Carper, supported by Ed Markey, supported by, I think, every Senator. It doesn't have opposition on the House floor.  Unfortunately, this is under suspension, and you will probably have enough votes to defeat this bill. Go home and feel good, say: I did the Lord's work. I kept the air clean. I protected the people.  And you are full of it, really full of it. You are hurting the people, hurting my Alaskans, my rural Alaskans.  I stand on this floor and watch this time and time again. Why would you oppose something that is going to help people? Impose an unfunded mandate on these villages is what, very frankly, the EPA has done.  The new ones, I might see, but the ones that are established there, I would suggest, respectfully, we ought to let them use that, so they could have heat in their houses, not air-conditioning. They can keep their food frozen. They can have their clinics take care of their people. And their schools can stay open.  These rural communities of my Alaska Natives, that is who you are hurting.  I hear it all the time: We are going to help the impoverished. We are going to help the poor.  You are not helping them. You are hurting them.  When you go to sleep tonight in your nice, warm house, and you fly in your nice plane, and you get in your nice car and feel good about helping the poor people, I say you are hurting them.  