Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, on the occasion of the 100 years of powered flight, I rise in support of H.R. 2115, Flight 100--Century of Aviation Reauthorization Act of 2003.  H.R. 2115 addresses the needs of the national aviation system today and in turn provides for its future. The Federal Aviation Administration oversees and ensures the safe and efficient use of our Nation's air space. The bill before us now supports this important work.  It reauthorizes FAA for 4 years and allows for modest increases in funding levels for fiscal years 2003 through 2007. H.R. 2115 also ensures that the Aviation Trust Fund is used to finance airport capacity and safety projects. It also continues to provide general funds to pay for FAA safety functions that are in the public interest.  Additionally, the bill makes a number of important legislative changes, such as:  Funding the Small Community Air Service Program and the Essential Air Service Program;  Increasing the number of slots at Reagan National Airport;  Streamlining airport project reviews as passed by the House twice last year; and  Prohibiting the privatization of functions performed by air traffic controllers.  It goes without saying that the aviation industry is vital to the U.S. economy. H.R. 2115 provides for its stability and, more importantly, for its continued growth.  I want to thank the full committee ranking member, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), for working with me to draft H.R. 2115. As a result of this cooperative effort, we have bipartisan legislation that everyone in this House can fully support.  I especially want to thank the subcommittee chairman, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica), and the ranking member, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio). H.R. 2115 clearly represents the hard work and the long hours they and their staff put into this effort. I appreciate their dedication in ensuring that the United States continues to have the safest and most efficient aviation system in the world.  For that reason, I join with the full committee ranking member, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar); the subcommittee chairman, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica); and the ranking member, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), in urging the immediate passage of this bipartisan bill.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  