Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge immediate passage of H.R. 3087, the Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2003. The immediate enactment of this legislation is necessary to continue the highway construction, highway safety, transit, motor carrier and surface transportation research programs within the Department of Transportation for an additional 5 months after fiscal year 2003 and ends on September 30, 2003, just 6 days from today.  If Congress does not pass a bill and send it to the President before the end of this fiscal year, four Department of Transportation agencies will close their doors and furlough their employees until Congress enacts an extension. Failure to pass a bill before the end of September also means that no State will be reimbursed for the Federal share of their transportation project costs, thus subjecting the Federal Government to breach of contract claims by the States. Moreover, high-wage infrastructure construction jobs, engineers, planners and other related jobs, would be lost. New highway projects will be shelved, safety grants will not be provided to the States, transit construction will be halted, and the Federal enforcement of motor carrier safety regulation on the highways and at the borders will end.  I would like to thank at this time the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Nussle) and his staff for their cooperation in drafting provisions of this bill under the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Budget. I would also like to thank the gentleman from California (Chairman Thomas) and his staff for their assistance in preparing the provisions in the jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means.  H.R. 3087 provides over $14 billion in contract authority to the States to continue Federal highway programs and over $3 billion to continue grants to transit agencies around the country. It provides $142 million for the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration and $125 million to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration for highway safety grants.  Although this extension will provide funding for 5 months, on March 1 Congress will be faced with the same situation we face now; all the programs and the operation of the agencies will come to a screeching halt again.  I want to stress my continued commitment to the multiyear reauthorization bill, but I am also committed to introducing a bill that meets the needs and improves our highways and transit systems and provides jobs. Obviously, we have to find the revenues necessary to enact the authorization that best meets the needs of the country.  It is my intent, all with the help of God and everybody else, to introduce a bill before we adjourn this session of Congress. I am working very closely with the ranking minority member, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), to achieve a bipartisan agreement that will result in the best possible bill.  We expect to produce legislation that is developed in consultation with the Members of this House to solve their transportation problems, provide more equity to the States and reduce gridlock throughout the Nation. In the interim, Congress must pass H.R. 3087 so that these important infrastructure programs and the jobs associated with them can continue.  I am submitting my full statement for the record, but I want to clarify that while I support the bill that is before the House today, I also introduced H.R. 3088, which was not scheduled. H.R. 3088 would have kept these programs operating through March, and also had a grace period during which the States could have been reimbursed for their expenditures and also could have used some of their unobligated funds.  My personal view is that we should have passed a 6-month extension with a grace period, but I am trying to work cooperatively with the other body and with the leadership. I have been assured today that H.R. 3087 passes, and, when it does, the other body will take it up and pass it without amendment and send it to the President immediately so there are no disruptions of these programs. My support today is based on that assurance. That is the reason I have compromised on the length of the extension and the removal of the grace period for the States. We do not have the time to continue a debate on this extension. It must go to the President immediately and become law.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge immediate passage of H.R. 3087, the Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2003.  The immediate enactment of this legislation is necessary to continue the highway construction, highway safety, transit, motor carrier, and surface transportation research programs within the Department of Transportation for an additional 5 months after fiscal year 2003 ends on September 30, 2003, just 6 days from today.  If Congress does not pass a bill and send it to the President before the end of this fiscal year, four Department of Transportation agencies will close their doors and furlough their employees until Congress enacts an extension.  Failure to pass a bill before the end of September also means that no State will be reimbursed for the Federal share of their transportation projects costs, thus subjecting the Federal Government to breach of contract claims by the States.  Moreover, high wage infrastructure construction jobs, engineers, planners and other related jobs will be lost.  New highway projects will be shelved, safety grants will not be provided to States, transit construction will be halted, and Federal enforcement of motor carrier safety regulations on the highways and at the borders will end.  The total amounts provided in H.R. 3087 reflects 5/12s of the budget authority and associated outlays in the 2004 budget resolution that Congress passed this year.  I would like to thank Chairman Jim Nussle and his staff for their cooperation in drafting the provisions of this bill under the jurisdiction of the budget committee.  I also want to thank Chairman Bill Thomas and his staff for their assistance in preparing the provisions in the jurisdiction of the Ways and Means Committee.  H.R. 3087 provides over $14 billion in contract authority to the States to continue the Federal Highway Program and over $3 billion to continue grants to transit agencies around the country.  It provides $142 million for the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to make grants to the States to enforce commercial safety regulations and to continue truck and bus inspections at our southern border with Mexico.  H.R. 3087 provides $125 million to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration for highway safety grants, occupant protection grants, and alcohol driving countermeasure grants.  This legislation will allow the temporary transfer of funds among core highway programs, to give States flexibility in administering their programs under a short-term extension.  However, the bill provides that any transfers will be restored when the next highway and transit authorization bill is passed.  Although this extension will provide funding for 5 months, on March 1 Congress will be faced with the same situation we face now. All of the programs and the operations of the agencies will come to a screeching halt again.  I want to stress my continued commitment to a multi-year reauthorization bill but, and I also remain committed to introducing a bill that meets the needs and improves our highways and transit systems and provides jobs.  On a national basis, congestion costs more than $67 billion annually--more than 3.6 billion hours of delay and 5.7 billion gallons of excess fuel consumed.  The average driver is losing more than a week and a half of work, 62 hours a year, sitting in gridlock. The average cost of congestion per peak road traveler is $1,160 a year.  For every $1 billion invested in Federal highway and transit spending, 47,500 jobs are created or sustained.  Nearly a third of all fatal crashes each year are caused by substandard road conditions and roadside hazards.  More than 42,000 Americans are killed and 3.3 million are seriously injured each year on the Nation's highways.  Obviously, we have to find the revenues necessary to enact the authorization that best meets the needs of the country.  It is my intent to introduce a bill before we adjourn this session of Congress. I am working cooperatively with my ranking minority member, Congressman Oberstar to achieve a bipartisan agreement that will result in the best possible bill. We expect to produce legislation that is developed in consultation with the Members of this House to solve our transportation problems, provide more equity to states, and reduce gridlock throughout the Nation.  In the interim, Congress must pass H.R. 3087 so that these important infrastructure programs and the jobs associated with them can continue.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  