Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time, and I thank the gentleman for the work he has done on this legislation and the abuse he has taken over the last month and a half. He has stood up better than most people. I want to thank the staff, especially, for the work they have done over this period of time. I also want to thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar). He is probably the most knowledgeable person in this House about aviation and has worked on it longer than anybody else, understands the problems and the needs. I would also like to say that I do appreciate the time that he has spent with me and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) on writing, I think, a very good piece of legislation.  I will say this: I learned one thing. I will never let a cow out in the pasture without a halter again. This thing sort of got away from me a little bit, but it is still a good bill. It is a bill that should be done; it should be passed. The conference report is very, very, very vital. It does reauthorize the Federal aviation part for 4 years.  I understand the part that has been the most controversial, which is the air traffic control privatization. I will say that when we did pass this in the House, we did not allow any of that to occur. I was in a position that I had to recognize a result instead of just a philosophy and a position that had to be achieved, and that was to try to compensate for interests outside of even the conference. And that was to try, and I thought we had done a good job of protecting, 95 percent of the control towers. That is what we do in the bill. But I had to agree to, and I will not apologize for it, to 69 and, yes, I will say, I took mine out; it was originally 71. But that is the process of the conference.  But this bill does a lot of the other things besides that. That is what the most emphasis is upon. It does fund the small community air service program, the essential air service programs. It provides an increased airport improvement grant funding for the improvement of our airports. There are streamlining airport project reviews that are very important to get our airports built. Increases the number of slots at Reagan National Airport, with which some may not agree, but it was not the abundance of slots that there were on another bill. We kept the slots to a very minimum. It provides flight crew training and certification.  Very frankly, as my colleagues know, this industry has taken a tremendous beating. We need this legislation to pass. We need it to become law. We need to get on with the idea of making sure our airports are safe under this legislation, and that we have the ability to move passengers safely and on time, and that we are not delayed by, I think, inactivity by another agency which sometimes does not do the job they should, and people are frustrated. I have talked to thousands of people today that are not afraid to fly; they are just afraid of the harassment of going to the airport. So I think we must address that.  Overall, again, this, I believe, is a tremendous piece of legislation. It has some flaws, but when we work with two bodies and there are interests from the other side, we have to give some, we take some, and we end up with a result. I believe the result is a good piece of legislation.  