Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding me this time. For those who have been speaking, there will be roadless areas in their districts.  The roadless rule was struck down this week for the second time. The first time it was reinstated by the appeal of the liberal ninth circuit. Like many of the actions that have been taken by the so-called Clinton administration, if it was an administration, on their way out of office this rule was found too unacceptable. Luckily, for the State of Alaska and the Forest Service, and the Bush administration has already realized, ANILCA, which most of my colleagues were not around, settled the matter of multiple use in Alaska forests. We cannot rewrite existing law. They are rightfully progressing with the removing of the Tongass and Chugach from consideration under this rule. Now, they will be able to use property management for all of America's forests, not just Alaskan ones.  Again, it always reminds me, why in the world would somebody from Connecticut and Florida come down to talk about the State of Alaska? I know that the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Inslee) is from Washington State, but does not know anything about the Tongass, does not understand what we are talking about here. This is existing law. What my colleagues are trying to do is something that is incorrect to my people and to the forests, to the harvesting of the forest, which is a management tool.  And, by the way, the most we can cut out of 19 million acres in the Tongass, the most we can cut is less than 500,000 acres, if that is possible. And every time I hear this argument, I wonder where are you from. What are you thinking about? Are you just mimicking the words fed into your ears from the so-called environmental community? What an air-headed idea that is. I say shame on you.  Look at the facts. I listened to the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller) a while ago talking about science, including science. The studies on the Tongass have been made by the scientists. They said what we are trying to do is correct, and you want to ignore that because you are pandering to a group of people. Shame on you.  