Mr. Chairman, I have listened to this debate, and we are talking about Utah; but this proposal by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Udall) probably affects Alaska more than any other State in the Union.  We had some agreements. We are talking about the law, and to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. Udall), your father agreed to it that we would have and shall have access across the lands. The Udall amendment probably would prohibit that, overriding another law; and that disturbs me a great deal.  Now, we do not have the roads that we are showing in Utah; we have mostly dog trails, the snow machine trails now. Trails are used from village to village across, yes, wilderness lands. If the gentleman from Colorado will look at that map, he will see that his father did a great job.  Most of our State lands intercede with Federal lands, and we cannot get across those. We are trying to preserve this right to cross those lands and utilize those trails for which they were established. I am quite concerned that even with the second-degree amendment, I am not sure that we will have that right. We would have to probably go to court again. But I am suggesting the second-degree is better than the Udall amendment, and we ought to look at this.  The gentleman from Washington (Mr. Dicks) had a good point. Eventually, we will decide this and let people understand that there are rights of States, and the 1976 law grandfathered all the rights-of-way in. That was the extinguishment of FLPMA. I was here and I believe the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Dicks) was here at that time too; he may not have been. But that was the agreement that was made.  We have to keep those agreements. We cannot continue to break those agreements we made just because it helps a certain interest group. I keep stressing that. Most of the people promoting this provision now do not know the institutional history of what the Congress did and why we did it.  Now, the RS 2477 was for a reason. Most communities established these rights-of-way and the roads that developed their communities. In our case, it was dog trails and a lot of other things that happened during the wintertime, and that is how we got from one community to another community. We ought to be able to continue that as a State's right.  So keep in mind as we go forward with this that we understand what we are doing and the laws that this Congress passed in the past. I urge the adoption of the second-degree amendment and defeat of the first-degree amendment, and then let us try to adjust it as we go through.  