Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time, and I will compliment the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Duncan) for his hard work and that of the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Costello) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) on this legislation. It is a bipartisan piece of legislation, and I am very pleased today that we are considering it because this has been delayed for numerous years.  I also would like to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Doolittle) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Matsui) for their good work and their understanding, because that is one of the roadblocks we had, and they were able to sit down and work out a solution to a very complex problem in their State. In California, I feel sorry for them because there are 53 of them, and so they have a real problem. In Alaska, there is only one of us. If I start arguing with myself, I know it is a problem; but these gentlemen were able to get together, and I want to compliment them.  As I said, this bill has been stalled for 2 years, but we got together and we have been able to get past the rhetoric, identify real issues and come up with workable bipartisan solutions that will actually help the Corps of Engineers carry out its mission. This negotiation involved a lot of give and take, as I just mentioned. The result does not represent my initial positions nor those of the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), and that is the nature of compromise.  The compromise language gives the Corps of Engineers the tools it needs to improve and expedite water resource projects. These provisions earned the support of all the members of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and deserve the support of all Members of this House.  Now that the debate over corps reform is past us, both the Congress and the Corps of Engineers can focus on meeting the Nation's navigation, flood control, and environmental restoration needs to provide economic and national security to improve our quality of life.  I know some will complain about the cost of the Corps of Engineers projects, but these investments are critically important to the economy. Over 13 million jobs are dependent on trade, but our harbors are not ready to meet the increasing demands of international trade.  Our farmers and our electric utilities depend on efficient waterways to move grain and coal, but over half are over 50 years old and two have been operating since the 19th century. And may I stress this again. Our goal in this committee is to relieve congestion. We must use our waterways to the best of our ability, as they are doing in other countries.  Many communities along the rivers and shores are not protected from hurricanes and flooding, even though the cost of recovering from a flood is an average six times greater than the cost of investing in the infrastructure needed to prevent those damages.  Finally, there are worthwhile environmental restoration projects to provide both environmental and economic benefits. The Water Resources Development Act addresses the needs in communities all over the country.  Again, I want to thank the Members that worked on bringing this bill to the floor. It is a bill that can do the job for the Nation. I am very, very excited about having this legislation on the floor today.  Mr. Chairman, there will be two amendments. My understanding is that one amendment will be offered and withdrawn. The other amendment, and I hope everybody listens very carefully, because I do have concerns about the effect on our ports, but we will discuss that in debate on those amendments and hopefully listen to all the arguments and then make the right decisions.  