Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman yielding time.  I rise in strong support of the bill. Mr. Chairman, as you know, when we made the recommendation to reorganize the Committee on Appropriations, it was a major reorganization, the biggest reorganization in many, many years, and it was the right thing to do. When I selected the gentleman from Kentucky (Chairman Rogers) to chair this subcommittee, it was the right choice. He has done a tremendous job in understanding the issues and in bringing together all of the various agencies that are involved in homeland security.  This is a good bill. There are some who will say that it is too much spending, and others who will say that it is not enough. You are going to hear that on all 13 appropriations bills. I tend to think we are just about in the right place on all of the bills.  Today we are focused on homeland security. On Friday we will consider the Military Construction appropriations bill. We have already marked up in addition to Homeland Security and Military Construction, after about a 4-week delay in getting approval on the budgetary levels, the Interior, Agriculture, Labor-HHS, Legislative and Defense appropriations bills in subcommittee.  Tomorrow we will mark up the Labor-HHS bill, the Interior bill, and the Agriculture appropriations bill in the full committee.  On Thursday we will mark up the Defense appropriations bill and the Legislative Branch appropriations bill in full committee. So for the Members' interested in having some idea of our schedule, we plan to have those bills through the House before the August recess.  The committee, once we were freed up from the hold that we had due to budgetary issues, has moved quickly and in a very responsible way, and I am happy to report, Mr. Chairman, that in addition to this good bill we are considering today, the Military Construction bill, which is also a good bill, will be considered on Friday and the Committee on Appropriations is well underway with the eleven other bills and has a very aggressive schedule.  