Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 1527, the National Transportation Safety Board Reauthorization Act of 2003. The NTSB is a small, but extremely, important part of the Federal Government. Its dedicated staff investigates a broad range of transportation accidents each year.  The bill before us now supports this important work by authorizing increased funding levels for the NTSB for fiscal years 2003 through 2006.  The bill also requires the NTSB to notify aircraft operators of their right to appeal a board employee's decision that an event constituted an ``accident,'' whether an event is classified as an incident or an accident can have serious implications for an airline's license to fly and the insurance premiums the operator will pay. This problem was first brought to my attention by Coyote Air, a small airline in Alaska.  In addition, the bill addresses the problem of delays in implementing important NTSB recommendations. While the NTSB has a good track record of working with agencies to ensure that its recommendations are implemented, some important NTSB recommendations remain open for years.  For example, the NTSB's recommendations to improve runway safety have been on the NTSB's Most Wanted list of safety improvements since the year 1990. Also on the Most Wanted list is the board's recommendation to reduce fuel tank flammability. This recommendation was issued in December of 1996 after the crash of TWA Flight 800. Over 5 years later, this recommendation is still open.  While we cannot expect instant results on complicated issues such as these, neither can we afford to wait 5, 10 years or more to address important aviation safety problems.  To address this problem, H.R. 1527 requires that the Secretary of Transportation submit an annual report to Congress and the NTSB on the status of each recommendation that is included in the NTSB's Most Wanted list of safety improvements.  The Most Wanted list represents the board's best judgment regarding which of these recommendations should be expedited. H.R. 1527 will bring needed attention to these recommendations.  Finally, the bill authorizes the NTSB's family assistance responsibilities to be transferred to another Federal agency under certain circumstances. Under the bill, this transfer would occur when the accident investigation is transferred because it is determined the crash was caused by a criminal act.  I join with the full committee ranking member, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar); the Subcommittee on Aviation chairman, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica); and the ranking member of that subcommittee, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), with whom I introduced H.R. 1527, in urging the immediate passage of this bill.  I commend the NTSB for its tireless efforts to improve transportation safety; and I do urge the passage of this bipartisan bill, with the least amendments necessary.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  