Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I agree with what the gentlewoman has talked about, about getting out of Washington, D.C. As the gentlewoman knows, I am very sympathetic; and we will be addressing it in the full bill to try to solve some of those problems of having the ability to get the people out of Washington, if necessary, in a quick fashion.  Our biggest goal of, I believe, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) and members of the committee is to really address the issues of congestion across this whole Nation. I have had the privilege of being in 40 different States in the last 2 years. The gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) has traveled with me and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Petri). We go across this Nation, and we find a tremendous equal problem in every big city. New York, with all due respect to New York, if that one bridge was blown up, you would have 12 million people stranded with no way to supply. San Francisco and, I would suggest, L.A., Houston. So we have a national problem about congestion and the ability to move product and people to and fro; and it is my hope on this committee, with the members of this committee and with the help of the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) and the staffs which we have, we will work really hard and we will be able to introduce a bill before we break this session that will meet those needs.  Mr. Speaker, if I had full authority, we would not only meet the needs; we would be able to have the money. But under this system, this is a two-tiered system; it has to go from this committee to another committee, and that committee will have the responsibility of trying to raise the funds to meet the needs that we are going to pass out of the committee to do the job for the people, to be able to move the people in case of an emergency, but also to make sure that commerce continues to grow. Without the ability to grow, without the ability to have transportation, our economy will shrink. So that is my goal on the committee, and I am confident we can achieve those goals. The American public wants to do this. I am confident that as time goes by there will be a greater bit of wisdom in certain parts of this great city of ours to understand the needs as I have presented to the committee and the committee will be able to send to the House.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  