Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  I think his amendment has merit, but I am going to talk about just the bill itself for a few moments. I want to thank again the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), especially my good chairman the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica) for doing the work on what I think of as a very good bill.  Air travel is coming back, as the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) has mentioned before. It is important that we look at where we were before 9/11 and recognize that those challenges are raising their heads again: the on-time provisions, the utilization of our airstrips, technology which is now available which was not available before, before AIR 21 was there, and I think we can use our airports more effectively.  It is our goal through this legislation and as the authorization for 4 years that we will see the time when we go beyond those numbers that we had prior to 9/11. But nothing happens in this body without the cooperation from one another. I think this is an example of how committees should work together in a bipartisan effort to achieve what is best for the Nation as a whole.  This bill does that and I want to compliment again both sides, and I am very, very confident this bill will pass overwhelmingly, and I thank everybody that has been involved.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore (Mr. Sweeney). Does anyone rise to claim time in opposition?  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise to claim the time in opposition, although, I do not intend to speak in opposition.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes.  There was no objection.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I actually rise in strong support of the gentleman's amendment. I represent a State that has topography which is foreign to many of the bureaucrats inside the Washington, D.C. Beltway, as do other Members from even more challenging terrain in Alaska and elsewhere, and it is hard for them to conceive that what looks on a map as a pretty straightforward route might happen to be a route that is not open in the wintertime or, even if it is open some of the time in the wintertime, it is often impassable; that even in the best of times it is over a mountain range, even though it is the shortest distance.  So I think common sense certainly being applied as an antidote to bureaucratic intransigence in this case is very well merited, and I congratulate the gentleman on his amendment. It is something I had missed in my perusal of the bill, and many others I know would be concerned for this. We thank him for his vigilance and the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar).  (