Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding.  I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 95, the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year of 2004. First, I would like to thank the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Nussle) for his willingness to work in partnership with me to ensure that this budget resolution lays the groundwork for a successful reauthorization of highway and transit programs. I am pleased that this resolution includes a contingency procedure for surface transportation, which will provide the flexibility we need to reauthorize our highway and transit programs. Under this contingency procedure, spending from the Highway Trust Fund for highway and transit programs will be increased above baseline levels to the extent that Highway Trust Fund receipts are increased. For every dollar increase in Highway Trust Fund receipts, a dollar increase in budget authority for highway and transit programs will be permitted. This contingency procedure is a necessary first step in our efforts to meet the infrastructure investment needs of our Nation's highways, bridges, and transit systems.  I have three concerns with the resolution I hope can be worked out in conference. First, the baseline level assumed in the resolution for the trust fund share of transit programs is frozen at the fiscal year 2003-enacted level. The reason that has been given for this assumption is uncertainty over the solvency of the transit account of the Highway Trust Fund. I want to assure the chairman that my committee intends to restructure transit programs such that the solvency of the transit account will be ensured. This restructuring, which is also proposed in the President's budget, will allow the transit account of the Highway Trust Fund to support increased spending levels.  Second, I am concerned that the resolution allocates just $3.378 billion each year for the airport improvement program. This is below the President's request and significantly below whatwill be needed to meet our airport capital needs when we reauthorize aviation programs later this year.  Finally, I believe the reconciliation instructions for the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure are based on unrealistic assumptions. Most of the mandatory spending under my committee's jurisdiction results from Coast Guard and railroad industry retirement programs. I do not agree with the assumption in the resolution that these programs can be cut.  I hope to continue working cooperatively with the chairman on these concerns as the resolution goes to conference with the Senate. I would like to ask the chairman of the Committee on the Budget if he will continue to work with me to address these concerns.  