Chairman, I listened to the presentation of the author of this bill. I have been in this House 48 years. We have been arguing about this ANWR for 40 of those years. We have passed it out of the house 14 times. And by the way, it was established by a Democrat President and a Democrat House to allow the 1002 areas to be explored if Congress said so. And that is what we have done.  Now we have a sponsor from California who doesn't know beans about this business talking about big oil and about Trump. This has been a policy of this Nation to allow drilling there if the Congress spoke, and we did so. Under the tax bill, yes, but 13 times before that this House passed the legislation to have the 1002 explored.  Just keep in mind, we are talking about an area of a 19-million-acre refuge and areas left inside, the 1002 area--the map behind me, if anybody can see that little tiny red dot, 2,000 acres, less than the size of Dulles Airport, less than the size of the Capitol grounds. And yet, we are trying to say, no, no development. We are trying to say that is not right, this is the last pristine area. May I say again, it is not the last pristine area.  We have had approximately 30 years of development in Prudhoe Bay, the same type of terrain, same species of animals, same amount of caribou. In fact, we have more now than we had before after we started drilling. So this bill is a sham. And I listened to this with great interest. I always understand what they are trying to do, and it is also a sham to this Congress. This Congress spoke. It is a sham to this Nation. We are taking time away from what should be done in this Nation. We have sat, frankly, 2 years in this House and have done nothing.  Unfortunately, we have heard also this is a cultural bill, and the Gwich'in supposedly is all this gentleman listens to, doesn't listen to the Inupiats. That to me is important. The people that live there want the drilling. The people at least 150 miles away don't want the drilling, but that is who they are listening to.  So, again, my colleagues, this bill is the wrong step forward for this Nation.It is not about big oil. It is about the State of Alaska. It is about my constituents, not California; they have enough problems of their own. Just read the papers. So I am suggesting, with respect, this bill should not go anywhere. It may pass today, because there are a lot of people on that side who don't believe in oil. I understand that. But it is wrong to undo what Congress has done. And now I will suggest, respectfully, it is dead. You are wasting our time. It will not go anywhere, that is why I am not going to get really excited and go over there and--never mind.  I would suggest, respectfully, I am going to see the death of this bill a long time before this gentleman is ever in this House again.  I reserve the balance of my time.  