Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding me this time. I want to commend the gentleman from Florida, the previous speaker, for his balanced statement. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, when most Americans look at the title of the bill, they see this sweeping name, ``the Private Property Protection Act,'' and they walk away and believe that this bill protects all of our citizens. The fact of the matter is that this legislation protects only a limited group of private property owners, those property owners whose use or development of their property is regulated by the Federal Government.  The typical homeowners in our country, and there are 65 million of them, want to continue to enjoy the use of their property even when the Federal Government is not involved in regulating it. I believe that the typical homeowner is not fairly represented in this legislation, and on a bipartisan basis, the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Gilchrest] and I will try to correct this legislation to make sure that the voice of that typical homeowner is heard.  One way that we could go about doing that, and making sure that the typical homeowners got a fair shake would be to expand the exceptions when compensation is not paid. Right now the legislation provides two exceptions when agencies do not have to pay compensation for agencies' actions that diminish the value of private property. The first is when the agency action prevents a public health or safety hazard, the second is when it prevents damage to specific property.  It would also be helpful to make sure that these 65 million typical homeowners in our country get a fair shake to create a third exception when agencies do not have to pay compensation, and this would apply when the agency's action would prevent or restrict any activity likely to diminish the fair market value of private homes.  This amendment would enable agencies to avoid having to make a Hobson's choice of either restricting development and incurring liability to the developer or allowing the development to proceed and have those homeowners in our country suffer the devaluation of their property.  When agencies take action to protect the value of private homes they would not incur liability to developers whose ability to develop their property is limited by the agency's action.  In contrast to H.R. 925, this approach also provides protection for homeowners in situations where there has been no physical damage to homeowners' property but the market value is likely to be diminished by development activity adjoining the home. This would be the kind of situation where we would have the filling of a wetland that would increase the risk of flooding the homes, but there has not yet been any damage.  What it comes down to, I would offer to may colleagues, is that the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Gilchrest] and I hope that this legislation can have a bit more balance.  [[Page H2465]] I would like to stipulate, and my seatmate from Louisiana on the Committee on Commerce has made this case over the year, that there are takings and there are takings that warrant compensation. But let us before we finish this bill make sure that the 65 million typical homeowners who use their property in a fashion that is not regulated by the Federal Government get the same voice in this legislation as those developers and others who also deserve a fair treatment and likely to get it under this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I look forward to working with my colleagues to ensure that this legislation has a bit more balance, and that the voice of the typical homeowner is heard.  