Chairman, most of our citizens look at the title of this legislation. It has a sweeping name, the Private Property Protection Act. When you look at the sweeping title of this bill, one assumes that all American property owners are protected. In fact, this legislation protects only a limited group of private property owners, those property owners whose use or development of their property is regulated by the Federal Government.  The typical homeowner that we all represent, and there are 65 million of them, live in an already-constructed [[Page H2557]] home, they use their property in a typical fashion, and they are not regulated by the wetlands law, the endangered species law, the reclamation law, and the various laws outlined in this bill, and that is why those 65 million typical homeowners are not protected under the legislation.  I believe that these typical homeowners are going to be surprised that they are not protected. I think they deserve consideration, and it is why I offer this amendment on behalf of myself and the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Gilchrest], a bipartisan amendment, to make sure that the typical homeowner gets a fair shake and that some needed balance is brought to the legislation.  As written now, the legislation provides exceptions when agencies do not have to pay compensation for agency actions that diminish the value of private property. This amendment that I offer with the gentleman from Maryland simply adds another exception when compensation does not have to be paid, so as to make sure that typical homeowner gets a fair shake.  We stipulate that you would not have to pay compensation when the regulated property owner's activity would actually decrease the value of those homeowners that live in the adjoining area. This amendment would enable Federal agencies to avoid a Hobson's choice of either restricting development and incurring liability to the developer, or allowing the development to proceed, even when this will cause a typical homeowner to suffer a devaluation their property.  Let me use an example very briefly. A property owner wants to develop a 10-unit subdivision. If the Corps of Engineers tells us the developer of the proposed subdivision that one of the units is a wetland and cannot be developed, under the legislation the Corps is liable to pay compensation. The corps's only choices are to write a check or let the developer fill in the wetland. To conserve scarce funds, the Corps often decides to let the developer fill the wetland. Wetlands often help control flooding by acting as sponges to soak up rainfall. When a wetland is filled, the excess water has to find someplace to go, and that could be the basement of one of the neighbors of a homeowner who lives downstream from the development.  Under the bill as it stands now, even if the corps knows that allowing the developer to fill in the wetland might increase the risk of flooding to the homeowner downstream, the corps would have to pay compensation to the developer if it denies the permit.  Under this amendment, the corps could deny the permit to fill in the wetland without incurring any liability, if it was determined that denying the permit was the lesser of the evils, that greater damage would be done to those homeowners who live downstream.  I would also like to note this would help the corps to preserve its limited budget for flood control and other important activities.  Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Gilchrest] who worked with me on this legislation. We feel with this amendment the bill can protect the 65 million typical homeowners and be a true Private Property Protection Act.  