Chairman, I found the comments of the gentleman from California very interesting because many of us who support the Waxman amendment are strong supporters of 21st century Medicare that uses managed care to a much greater extent. In fact, in my community, we have one of the highest concentrations in the country of managed care participation. We have seen the future, and we know it can work.  But the fact is that as part of that future, we should incorporate two principles that the Waxman amendment addresses.  First and foremost, the Waxman amendment will protect the hundreds of thousands of older people in this country from rate shock. I have listened to my colleagues talk, for example, about how consumers are satisfied with Medicare slack. Of course they are, because many of them have had this product for maybe 18 months or so, under attained age pricing, and they have not seen the big rate hikes that are going to hit them down the road.  Under the Waxman proposal, there is a floor of protection for older people from those rate hikes. I would urge my colleagues in the strongest way, the seniors of America do not know what is coming in the days ahead in terms of these rate hikes. The Waxman amendment offers some real protection.  Second, with respect to choice, and again in our area, managed care works because there is real choice, the Waxman amendment offers more choices. Frankly, a lot of us think that is especially important now. We have got the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee saying that there are going to be 400 billion dollars' worth of cuts in Medicare and Medicaid. That will inevitably take choice from the senior citizens. The Waxman amendment again gives to older people more choices, more protection to deal with what we think is going to come in the days ahead from the other side.  Finally, I would say that I have worked very closely with the gentlewoman from Connecticut often. She is a sincere and dedicated leader in the health policy field. I wish to make Medicare select work. I support managed care. My community has been a leader nationwide in this area. We can make managed care work better if we adopt the Waxman amendment so seniors across this country do not get clobbered with rate hikes that they do not expect and that we give them more real choice.  