Chairman, I rise in opposition to the budget that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, the Republican side, are offering.  Now, a few minutes ago, the gentleman from Oklahoma said that it is time for America to tighten its belt. Now, surely there are many Americans who can tighten their belt, but I am here to talk for a moment about my constituent, Mrs. Arlene Farwell, who if she is asked to tighten here belt any more is going to find it pretty tough to breathe.  She is a senior, she is retired, she is disabled. Because of a bureaucratic snafu, she is paying more than $80 a month for her Medicare part B. And if the deductibles and the copayments and the premiums go up any more, she simply is going to have nowhere to turn. She put it really very well for me today when she said, ``There is just too much month left at the end of the money.''  So I say to my colleagues, Medicare badly needs reform, and all Members understand that. But there is a right way to do it and a wrong way to do it. And I would submit that cutting Medicare spending, as the Republican budget does, by 15 percent, without saying how you are going to do it and still protecting Mrs. Farwell, is the wrong way to go.  Now, many of my colleagues on the Republican side have some interesting theories about managed care. The irony is over a 20 year period, we have made many of those theories work. In Portland, OR, we have the highest percentage of managed care now in the country among seniors in our area. It is close to 50 percent. But you cannot turn the system around on a dime.  What is going to happen to the seniors of our country, and I have seen this again and again since my days as co-director of the Gray Panthers, when you theorize about Medicare, as the Republicans do, what happens in reality is the seniors get more copayments, more deductibles, more premiums, while everybody waits to see if the great theories are ever going to pan out.  So I offer to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that if rescuing part A of the Medicare trust fund is really what you seek to do, let us honor the Speaker's pledge to deal with this outside the budget. If that is the principal concern of my colleagues on this side of the aisle, let us work together on a bipartisan basis to deal with this, as Speaker Gingrich suggested, outside the budget.  I think there are many Members on both sides of the aisle who would like to take that route rather than the route my colleagues on the Republican side propose, which is to reduce Medicare spending 15 percent, try to turn this system around on a dime, and still protect seniors.  I would also offer to my colleagues, and we heard some testimony on this yesterday in the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigation, that if you try to turn the system around on a dime and make the savings you are talking about overnight, what is going to happen is you are going to create juicy new opportunities for fraud and abuse.  If you do not believe that is going to happen, go talk to the people of south Florida, because when they tried to go to managed care overnight, when they tried some of the ideas that the Republicans are talking about advocating now, what happened was the sleazy rip-off artists, who are already exploiting the program, and we certainly agree on that, saw a great new opportunity, and instead of producing savings, we saw more waste, fraud and abuse. If you look at south Florida, you will see how it happened.  