Speaker, I wish to express my strong support for H.R. 1747, the Federally Supported Health Centers Assistance Act of 1995. I would like to thank members on both sides of the aisle, including Representative Bilirakis, Representative Waxman, and Representative Frank for their unflagging support and assistance in moving this important piece of legislation through the House. In particular, I wish to thank Representative Nancy Johnson of Connecticut for her years of work and commitment on this bill. She is a true friend of community health centers and has been an outstanding partner in our fight for smarter Government. As always, it was a joy to work with her.  I think we all realize that the Federal Government has to work harder to squeeze every last ounce of service out of each taxpayer dollar allocated to health care. That's exactly what this program accomplishes.  This legislation will be a shot in the arm to struggling community health centers [CHC's]. The bill allows CHC's to reallocate desperately needed health care dollars from the coffers of private medical malpractice insurance companies to direct services for hundreds thousands more poor and rural Americans. Additionally, it will ensure that American taxpayers get the biggest bang for their buck.  When Representative Johnson and I first introduced this legislation in 1991, community health centers were paying $58 million a year, most of which came out of their Federal grant fund for medical malpractice insurance--while they only generated about $4 million a year in claims.  Roughly $54 million dollars, allocated by the Federal Government for health care services for poor and rural Americans, was not going for services, but was going as pure profit to large insurance corporations. It seemed to myself and Mrs. Johnson that there had to be a better way.  What we discovered was that Federal employees, including health care providers at the Veterans Administration, Department of Defense, and Indian Health Service, are covered by the Federal Tort Claims Act [FTCA] instead of by private insurers. It seemed only natural that community health centers, which receive a substantial sum of their operating budget from the Federal Government and which are strictly regulated by the Department of Health and Human Services, should also be included under this program.  The original Federally Supported Health Centers Assistance Act set up a fund, under the FTCA, to which a portion of the grants for community health centers would be allocated. To date, only 15 claims have been filed against health centers under the FTCA and none of the $11 million set-aside to be expended for coverage of such has been expended.  In fact, since the enactment of this bill in late 1992, coverage under the FTCA has saved community health centers an estimated $14.3 million, allowing about 75,000 more patients to be served.  H.R. 1747 reauthorizes the Federally Supported Health Centers Assistance Act permanently and clarifies portions of the original legislation. In particular, it ensures that doctors who have to do shared call are covered. These are doctors in rural or poor urban communities who all have to share duties at the local hospital.  The legislation also ensures that part-time doctors who work for health centers are covered under the FTCA, and it clarifies that FTCA coverage may apply in managed care arrangements with health centers.  Time is of the essence with this reauthorization. Since the final regulations for this program were not issued until May of this, many community health centers are waiting before they drop their private malpractice coverage to see if this act is reauthorized.  For those 119 health centers that are now covered under the FTCA, the situation is more urgent. If this bill is not reauthorized, they will have to start purchasing expensive private malpractice insurance in the next couple weeks to ensure that they are not left without coverage next year.  In Oregon, the passage of H.R. 1747 will mean a number of health centers will finally feel comfortable dropping their private malpractice insurance. At La Clinica Del Valle in Phoenix, OR, the health center will have as much as $20,000 more to spend on patients--meaning they can serve at least 250 patients. Next year, when they move to a new facility, they will save $40,000 or the equivalent of a part-time doctor--and be able to serve 500 more patients. At the Salud Medical Center in Woodburn, OR, reauthorizing this program will mean that the center will have at a minimum $10,000 more to spend on serving patients.  At the West Salem Clinic in Salem, OR, with the savings from this program, they will be able to hire a part-time nurse practitioner, and the head of the center estimates that this will mean they will be able to take 2,100 more visits from people in the area--or serve about 700 more patients. At the Southeastern Rural Health Network in Chiloquin, OR, the savings will mean the center can repair a leaking roof and build a wheelchair ramp so that handicapped people can enter the clinic to visit the doctor.  It seems to me that this legislation is a prime example of how we can work together, on a bipartisan basis, to come up with creative, cost-effective solutions, to provide people with more medical assistance and to effectively use American's hard-earned tax dollars. Again, I thank the Members who have helped with this important piece of legislation, and urge its speedy approval.  