Chairman, this amendment stipulates that if there is a major fraud perpetrated at a corporation and corporate management refuses to correct the abuse, the corporation's accountant would be required to report the fraud to government regulators. This amendment is important to the legislation we are working on, because fraud and abuse often result in securities litigation. By providing new tools to root out financial fraud, Congress can help prevent securities lawsuits from ever being filed.  Now, we all know that it is simply impossible to wave a wand and prevent greed. The taxpayers and investors have a right to expect that corporate management, to whom they entrust their savings, will not go out and steal from them, and our citizens have a [[Page H2847]] right to expect that those that they rely on to alert them to outright egregious cases of fraud, the public accountants who audit the corporate financial statements, will be at their post and ready to blow the whistle on a rogue executive. The Resolution Trust Corporation estimated that 40 percent of the savings and loan failures were attributable to fraud, but yet time after time the public accountants either did not know what was going on or simply did not tell anyone. The files now bulge with examples of companies that were shut down after receiving a clean audit.  For example, the General Accounting Office found that 28 of 30 savings and loans went bankrupt in California in 1985 and 1986 after receiving clean audits shortly before they went under. A most notorious example involved Mr. Keating and Lincoln Savings and Loan. The judge, when this case went to court, issued a blistering opinion and asked, ``Where were the professionals when these clearly improper transactions were being consummated? Why didn't any of them speak up or dissociate themselves from the transactions?''  Had the accountants blown the whistle when they should have, Mr. Keating could have been shut down much earlier and taxpayers and investors could have been saved a lot of money.  This amendment will provide the investing public with a truth serum for the corporate financial statements. The fun-house mirror that is used by ripoff artists and those with fraudulent intentions can be shattered. The word ``public'' in the title ``certified public accountant'' means that the auditors work for the public and not for management. They are not paid to compile a company's financial statements. That is the job of the internal auditor. The public auditor is paid to certify to investors and creditors that the statements that are compiled by the firm are accurate.  Let me close by saying that the Securities and Exchange Commission and the State securities regulators have long supported this amendment. To their credit, the accounting profession is now in support of the legislation.  I think that the staff on both sides, both the majority and the majority, probably can recite the language of this amendment by heart. We have worked cooperatively on this for many years.  Mr. Chairman, I yield to my friend, the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Fields].  