Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman and colleagues, what the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Canady] and I have been working on together to do is essentially promote a new philosophy with respect to juvenile justice in our country.  What we are seeing in community after community is that violent juveniles commit one offense after another and face absolutely no consequences whatsoever.  for example, at home in Oregon it was recently reported that a violent juvenile committed 50 crimes, 32 of which were felonies, before the juvenile system took any action to protect the community. The problem has essentially been that the juvenile justice system has been built on the medical model, the notion that even though you are dealing with a repeat violent offender, somehow the offender could be rehabilitated.  I think a number of our leading criminologists--and I would refer specifically to the work of James Q. Wilson of Los Angeles--have indicated that the challenge with respect to juvenile justice is to replace this medical model, which is now in place, with a system of accountability.  And so what we seek to do in this amendment is to, through this Federal legislation, promote the philosophy wherein violent young offenders who commit crimes will face real consequences each time they commit an offense and those consequences will increase each time they commit an additional offense.  Now, I would like to, in closing, particularly commend the Attorney General of my State, Ted Kulongoski. He has been an advocate within the Association of Attorneys General for an approach that would involve graduated sanctions for each offense.  I would also like to thank the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hyde] and the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conyers] for their help.  This amendment complements the earlier one, but our colleagues should make no mistake about it, what we would like to do through this amendment is promote a new philosophy of accountability, a philosophy that insures there are consequences every time a young person commits a criminal act.  I particularly want to thank my friend, the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Canady] who has been so patient in working through this effort.  