Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak on behalf of the Furse amendment. I would hope for a moment we could get beyond the matter of accusations and look at a few facts.  The first is that the Oregon Health Sciences Center has cooperated with the Committee on Science at every turn. They have submitted detailed responses to committee questions with respect to earmarks. The president of the university has been available to the bipartisan leadership of the Committee on Science. The fact is that the university has cooperated in every respect with the Committee on Science.  Now, these funds have been obligated. Contracts have been let. Expenses are being met on a monthly basis with the expectation of the Department of Energy providing promised grant moneys. It now becomes simply a matter of fairness to ensure that the obligations under this contract are met.  The gentlewoman from Oregon [Ms. Furse] has been absolutely correct in talking about the extraordinary potential of telemedicine. As our friend, the chairman of the health committee, notes, telemedicine is the medicine of the future. So this program that is being pioneered at the University of Oregon Health Sciences Center dollar for dollar is going to produce a return across this country. To consider that, after the University of Oregon Health Sciences Center has cooperated in an aboveboard fashion with the committee at every step along the way, the obligation has essentially been incurred by the Federal Government; the potential of the telemedicine is extraordinary. To then come and rupture the good work that has been done strikes me as a tragedy, not just for the country, but for the Nation.  Mr. Chairman, I would hope my colleagues on a bipartisan basis would support the excellent amendment of the gentlewoman from Oregon [Ms. Furse]. It has implications for bringing this country together, urban and rural areas across the Nation, across our State, and I hope my colleagues will support the amendment.  