It is the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, or what we call the farm bill.  I want to emphasize again--and I don't know how I can emphasize this more strongly--that I hope my colleagues will understand that the responsibility, the absolute requirement is to provide farmers, ranchers, growers, and everyone within America's food chain certainty and predictability during these very difficult times that we are experiencing in agriculture.  As I speak, right now in Kansas, farmers are on combines, and trucks are taking grain to the elevator or to storage, more likely, with the wheat harvest. I can see in several counties, probably up in Northwest Kansas. We have finished that in the southern part of our State. These are the same folks who have had combines on the move from Texas to Oklahoma and now in Kansas. I can see a farmer who had planned on harvesting this week, but, perhaps, due to a hail storm, he is in a bad situation. Luckily for him, he has crop insurance, and luckily for him, we have been able to preserve crop insurance after going through several iterations of attempts to cut it--or, as some people say, reform it. I can see him saying: When is the Congress going to pass the farm bill? When can I go to my banker, my lender, and tell him I have assurance that I can keep going on the farm next year, especially if his crop has been destroyed, which happens.  That is the person I am thinking about, especially today, when I think we ought to wrap this up. It is time, especially with regard to what we have accomplished so far. The bill passed the Ag Committee. This bill had a strong bipartisan vote of 20 to 1.  This month, this bill exactly provides the certainty and the predictability that I have just mentioned. The Ag Committee product also includes portions of 67 stand-alone bills, and an additional 74 amendments were adopted in the committee, and we have included 18 amendments thus far during consideration in the full Senate. We have worked to include as many priorities for Members as possible, and we want to work on a possible managers' package to include a handful of additional amendments. So it is not like a situation where Members have not had an opportunity to vote. Senator Stabenow and I have extended our outreached hands to Members to say that we stand ready to consider your amendments.  We are endeavoring to craft a farm bill that meets the need of producers across all regions and all crops. In Michigan, where oftentimes I go with Senator Stabenow and have agriculture roundtables, or even individual visits, I look at that great State's production with regard, more specially, to special crops. They are struggling. Kansas farmers are struggling. California growers are struggling. All of agriculture is struggling--not just one or two commodities. We must have a bill that works across all of our great Nation.  More than 500 organizations representing thousands in agriculture, food, nutrition, hunger, forestry, conservation, rural business, faith-based organizations, research, and academic issues have issued statements supporting this bill. This is what happens when the Senate works in a bipartisan fashion. We are doing just that. This is a good bill that accomplishes what we set out to do--again, to provide certainty and predictability for farmers, families, and rural America.  It is especially timely when we have a trade policy that has a question mark at the end of it. I dearly hope that the President is successful with trade negotiations--with NAFTA. I think we should take another look at TPP or China and the problem with tariffs. I know the administration is trying to send a very strong message and address the trade deficit that we have had, but the moment that happens, there is retaliation, and 90 percent of the time, the retaliation comes at agriculture and small manufacturers all across the country, and for that matter, everybody up and down the food chain and in many other areas of the economy as well.  So, again, that farmer is out there on that combine in Kansas trying to finish up his crop. Hopefully, the weather has not destroyed it, but, again, if that has happened, he at least has crop insurance. He wants assurance, and I know what he is saying because I visit with them all the time.  In my entire public career, this is my eighth farm bill. This is not our first rodeo, Senator Stabenow, as you well know.  I know what he is thinking. He is thinking: Roberts said he would get us a bill. Senator Moran says he is going to get us a bill. The entire Kansas delegation says: We are working on a farm bill. And we do that every time.  We need to wrap this up today. I look forward to working with my colleagues on continuing to move this process forward. I would simply say that we need to get this done. Again, the paramount issue is to get it done and to provide farmers certainty and predictability.  If I sound like I am repeating that 10 times, I intend to. All other issues, which I know Senators feel are terribly important, come into second place. I have strong issues. I mean, this is not the best possible bill. It is the best bill possible, and we worked very hard to produce that.  I yield to my distinguished colleague from Michigan.  