President, I rise today as the Senate considers legislation on an issue that is critically important to our Nation--the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, the farm bill.  The goal, the responsibility, the absolute requirement is to provide farmers, ranchers, and growers--everyone within America's valued food chain--certainty and predictability during these very, very difficult times. We are, indeed, in a rough patch with regard to agriculture.  Many of my colleagues have introduced legislation over the last year that addresses priorities and stakeholders in their States. The bill that passed the Agriculture Committee with a strong 20-to-1 vote earlier this month addresses many of those concerns. In fact, the Ag Committee-passed product includes portions of 65 stand-alone bills, and an additional 73 amendments were adopted in the committee. We have also included 18 amendments in today's substitute amendment.  Needless to say, we have worked to include as many priorities from Members both on and off the Ag Committee, and we want to continue to work with Members to address their concerns. That is why we are here.  We are endeavoring to craft a farm bill that meets the needs of producers across all regions and all crops. All of agriculture is struggling, not just one or two commodities. We must have a bill that works across all of our great Nation. That means, with bipartisan support, we must do our job. We must pass a bill that provides our farmers, ranchers, and rural communities the much needed certainty and predictability they deserve.  I appreciate the bipartisan support that we have had to date of those on the Ag Committee who voted to report a bill in such a strong manner--and other Members of the Senate--and I look forward to working with my colleagues on continuing to move this process forward. I will not say that it is an emergency, but we have to move this bill to provide farmers certainty and predictability during the very tough times they face.  I yield the floor.  