President, I thank the Senator from Montana for his comments and those of Senator Klobuchar, as well as my distinguished colleague and friend from Maine.  Normal; maybe ``supernormal'' would be a better term. Every time Heidi Heitkamp came into our committee room--I had the privilege and the honor of being the chairman of the sometimes powerful Senate Agriculture Committee, along with my distinguished ranking member, Senator Stabenow, whom I will yield to in just a moment. Every time she came into the committee room, it might be a little bit late, but it was like a ray of sunshine came in and a ray of commitment.  Heidi, thank you for that speech. Thank you for those marching orders, if you will. This marine will cease parade rest and come to attention and do the best I can following your example.  I want to say something to Heidi's staff. I don't know if the Senate cameras will do this--they obviously have me on there--but it would be a good idea to pan these young people over there.  Senator Frank Carlson, a long time ago--one of my mentors, my first boss from Kansas--said there are no self-made men or women in public office. It is your friends who make you what you are. I relate to that, saying friends, people, staff. We all think we have the best staff on the Hill, and if we don't think that, something is wrong. You have had the privilege of working for a lady who has great admiration from both sides of the aisle, who has accomplished so much. This time is so special for you, and thank you for what you have done for Heidi. Thank you for getting her prepared, ready. You didn't have to do too much because she does that on her own, but during this special time, see if you can take this step and then the next step in your life--and it prepares you for that next step--and shine. Represent Heidi well. Represent yourself well.  I think you have had a rare privilege to work for somebody like Heidi Heitkamp. She has been a good friend to me and a good friend to so many here.  We aren't going to miss you because you are going to be back in some capacity--maybe taking time off from what you are doing in your home State of North Dakota. Everybody who knows you knows you are going to be back in public service in some capacity.  I think I will stop right there and yield to my distinguished colleague, the ranking member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, Senator Stabenow.  