President, let me again thank my good friend and a distinguished American hero and statesman, the Senator from Georgia, for setting in motion our bipartisan foreign policy dialog. His common sense approach and his insightfulness to our country's national security obligations, I think, have been most helpful and most educational.  I say to the Senator, I believe and I hope that our endeavor is accomplishing the original goals we outlined in our first dialog. Our dialog has attracted attention from the media, and some academics. We have been invited to participate in various academic panel discussions and foreign policy dialogs.  I hope both our colleagues and the American public have been paying attention in our effort to come to grips with America's role in an environment so different that we cannot even name it, other than calling it the post-Cold War period.  When I have the opportunity to go back to Kansas and address the issue of what our vital national security interests are; I realize foreign policy is not a very bright return on the public radar screen which is unfortunate.  Robert Kagan recently stated that the campaign for the Presidency should focus more on foreign policy. I certainly think that is the case. He asked a simple question, ``Is the world a safer place than it was 8 years ago?'' His article took us on a world tour of uncertainties, specifically identifying Iraq, the Balkans, China, Taiwan, and weapons of mass destruction proliferation, Haiti, Colombia and Russia.  A realistic evaluation of emerging patterns in the world lead us to the fact that the world is dangerously close to coming apart at the seams. It is time for a serious debate about foreign policy, and this dialog we have started is a small step in that direction.  In our last dialog Senator Cleland and I discussed the importance of identifying and establishing levels of priority to our U.S. vital national interests. Many other think tanks and foreign policy organizations have recommended a similar priority ranking. I noticed the other day in an article that Vice President Gore has recently articulated, a new kind of foreign policy suggestion--a new agenda--adding the destruction of the natural environment and the AIDS pandemic overseas as ``a threat to U.S. national security interests.'' These unique and unprecedented issues are important issues, however, they have never made the cut in any other U.S. national interest lists. They definitely did not make the cut in the last bipartisan dialog that I had with my friend and colleague from Georgia. Nonetheless, it is a healthy debate, and I think it is a very proper debate for our country and the Presidential candidates.  What did make the cut is the fact that the United States does not want a hostile regional hegemon to develop in Europe or Asia. And then, in the meantime, what happened in the Balkans post-Bosnia and post-Kosovo is the fact that we have a paradox of enormous irony. The irony is the United States continues in the role of being a world hegemon, or superpower--the only one. Some critics say we have developed into a humanitarian world global cop and our actions and means are viewed by them as contrary to their own national interests.  Mr. President, the consequence of the U.S. role is the rest of the world is responding as any sovereign nation would respond to a hegemon.  Former Ambassador Bob Ellsworth, a former Member of the House of Representatives, and Dr. Michael May, wrote in the Los Angeles Times that U.S. military forces are so large, so advanced technologically, and so active all over the world, that a climate of ``hegemony envy'' has developed in key strategic areas in Asia, Europe, and the Middle East.  Ambassador Ellsworth explains, the U.S. post-Cold War, change in posture from defense and deterrence to enlargement and offense, and the Clinton doctrine proclaiming and executing intervention around the world in regard to a rather questionable definition of U.S. vital national interests is creating antihegemonic coalitions against the United States.  This current trend of both allies and nonallies asserting themselves against the U.S. is a very troubling digression.  The Nobel Prize novelist and diplomat, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, observed that ``President Clinton has found the political legacy he wants to leave behind: The Imperial American Model.'' Obviously, that depiction of American foreign policy is counter to the goal of multilateral cooperation in the world today.  As Senator Cleland stated, our third dialog today will focus on the role of multilateral organizations in foreign policy.  What are we talking about? Well, currently the United States is a member of a staggering 90 multilateral organizations and numerous other bilateral agreements. It took a great deal of effort by staff and by research specialists to determine the number of multilateral organizations where the U.S. is obligated. I venture to guess, I say to my colleague, that the State Department, the Department of Defense, the Congress, and most foreign policy experts really don't have any idea individually or collectively of the responsibilities, commitments, or obligations or the money that these organizations require of the U.S. all throughout the world.  Richard Haass of the Brookings Institution tried to tackle the issue of how much the U.S. should try to do, largely or entirely on its own--unilaterally--depending on the policy priorities or the level of U.S. national interests versus how much the U.S. should do in cooperation with others. He articulated that the choice is very complicated, as the multilateral options subsume multiple approaches of multiple organizations, including using the U.N. and other international institutions, alliances, and other regional organizations, and coalitions of those able and willing to act.  The fact is, the U.S. almost never acts unilaterally, and it probably should not. The U.S. has fought five major wars during the 20th century, and in each of these conflicts the U.S. operated as part of an alliance or a coalition. The recent U.S. actions all were conducted in conjunction with forces from other nations, even as our military superiority has reached a level unmatched in history.  Therefore, if the U.S. is going to operate within the constraints of multilateral organizations--and that appears to be the case--the U.S. must structure alliances in such a way that promotes our national interests and ensures that U.S. power is not undermined.  The following list of multilateral organizations associated with countries that the U.S. has current, ongoing operations is staggering: Iraq, 23; East Timor, 5; Korea, 42; Kosovo, 6; Yugoslavia, 30; Colombia, 15.  We don't have enough time in the rest of the session of Congress to examine all of the multilateral organizations where the U.S. has obligations. Obviously, that is going to be an effort that should take place as we change administrations, whether it be the Vice President or whether it be the Governor from Texas. Today, like my colleague, I want to focus on NATO a bit and offer some possible suggestions for the future of America's alliances.  During the Cold War, containment of Soviet power provided a simple and easily definable job of deterrence from Warsaw Pact aggression. The new Strategic Concept that was adopted over a year ago during the 50th anniversary ofNATO is a far different concept from the collective defense organization originally developed from the ashes of World War II.  If you read the Strategic Concept, you will find that the new commitments outlined have evolved, as I have indicated, NATO from a collective security organization concerned with self-defense to an international crisis management and humanitarian relief operation and organization.  Alexander Vershbow, U.S. Permanent Representative on the North Atlantic Council, recently said:       Unbeknownst to many is the fact that the Strategic      Concept's most important function is to instruct Alliance      military authorities how to configure NATO defense forces so      that they are equipped for the full range of Alliance      missions, from collective defense to peacekeeping.  He also said:       The U.S. believes that the most important new elements of      the revised Strategic Concept is the recognition that the      fundamental tasks of the Alliance is to carry out so-called      ``non-article 5'' missions--operations in response to crises      that go beyond the defense of a Allied territory.  I am concerned that the most important and successful alliance in the history of our country has been so dramatically restructured that the future of the alliance is uncertain. Our force structure cannot stand another swampy intervention with unclear and unsound objectives with no exit strategy in sight.  The new Strategic Concept, as tested in Kosovo, in my personal opinion, is drying out the Cold War glue which holds the alliance together. Targeting by committee and escalation warfare has stressed the system and turned a 3-day war into a 78-day war of limited escalation. As indicated by the debate on this floor just about an hour or two ago, an amendment introduced by both Senator Byrd and Senator Warner will cause considerable and useful debate on Monday and Tuesday ending in a critical vote about the future of the Kosovo operation.  Gen. Brent Scowcroft expressed his concern last November stating:       The revised Strategic Concept of NATO and the U.N.      Secretary General separately have taken on the task of      advocating the support of persecuted minorities inside state      boundaries; that is, humanitarian operations such as those in      Kosovo. In Yugoslavia, we heavily bombed a country in an      attempt to protect a minority within that country. Now we are      in Kosovo presiding over reverse ethnic cleansing--surely a      case of unintended consequences.  Joseph S. Nye, Jr., Dean of the Kennedy School of Government, recently posed several thought-provoking questions:       After the collapse of the Soviet Union, what should be the      limits of NATO's mission? With the Kosovo crisis, NATO fired      its first shot in anger in a region outside the alliance's      treaty area, on declared humanitarian grounds. What criteria      might NATO draw on to guide a policy on the threat, or use,      of its force in a new strategic environment of the 21st      century?  Some experts predict, and I hope they are not right, that due to the ugliness of Kosovo, NATO may never again mount another military offensive. I fear that Kosovo or future Kosovo-type interventions will also undermine U.N. Security Council credibility. By the way, that credibility is being questioned with the U.N. mission in Africa.  Mr. President, if knowing what we know now about the new Strategic Concept and NATO with respect to a Kosovo or a Chechnya or Rwanda, would Senators still support the changes?  Again, I maintain that most Senators are not aware of all the obligations listed in the Strategic Concept. I said it at the time, I said it 6 months ago, I said it during the first dialog, and I say it again today. How many people need to be placed in jeopardy before we act? What criteria do we set for humanitarian or C-list interventions? Does the United States intervene with or without NATO allies or U.N. Security Council approval on humanitarian grounds? Can we possibly justify intervention in some areas of the world and not others when none reach the threshold of  vital or important national interests?  Our country cannot support militarily a future which pursues U.S. and allied interests more widely around the world. The new Strategic Concept that our country is currently operating under effectively enrolls the United States and NATO as a world policeman.  Some say that is not all bad. Some say that is what we must do as the world's only superpower.  In this regard, as the distinguished Senator from Georgia pointed out, Europe is not standing still. They are proceeding with a Defense Capability Initiative and the development of the European Security and Defense Identity (ESDI) within the alliance.  I believe it is in U.S. interests for the European alliance to develop their defense capabilities, to strengthen their collective will, and to make a greater contribution to security and defense in Europe. However, my Dodge City gut feeling says, sure, go ahead and provide for your own defense, and bring our American men and women home. The Balkans are in your ball park. You decide the players.  However, history and military experience, and the experience and expertise of others, rightly point out that challenges with force structure, allocation, balance, interoperability, and the growing gap in tactics and capability between our countries underlying the auspices of NATO are counterproductive to peace.  In Kosovo, the U.S. aircraft flew two-thirds of the strike missions. Nearly every precision-guided munition was launched from an American aircraft, and U.S. intelligence identified almost all the targets. With the current European shrinking defense budgets and a reluctance to support the current mission, the road to ESDI may be a rocky one filled with potholes indeed.  Even members of NATO who do not belong to the European Union are worried that plans for yet another new E.U. military force could weaken the collective defense.  Another concern of hierarchy and command structure with respect to ESDI, E.U. corps, and NATO still retaining the rights of first refusal and how the U.N. Security Council structure fits among the organizations is also a very troubling problem to overcome.  The number one concern should be to preserve NATO as the overarching framework and avoid duplication of effort or any political divisiveness from establishing separate capabilities. The Kosovo crisis raises questions that must be answered about the alliance's capability to reshape itself for new conflicts of the 21st century and at the same time accommodate the E.U.'s ambition to play a greater role in the continent's security.  Mr. President, I also want to address the issue of NATO expansion.  I realize the NATO membership is an affair of the heart for many nations who aspire to become members. However, as Senator Lugar has alluded to we need to step back a little bit and keep the door open but put the future enlargement on hold.  We had a lunch hosted yesterday by the distinguished Senator from Indiana and Gen. Wesley Clark. Gen. Clark emphasized the fact that nations in Europe who aspire to become either members of the European Union, Partnership for Peace, or NATO without recognizing the tremendous fervor and the tremendous emotion involved in regard to their self-determination and what they think will be the bulwark for them and their individual liberty.  First and foremost, NATO, I think, must rebuild Russian relations, which were strained over the Kosovo conflict. I know that belief is shared by Senator Levin. We have been working together on a cooperative threat reduction program within the jurisdiction of the Armed Services Committee which we believe will make some meaningful threat reduction progress and at the same time help rebuild stressed relations.  The London Times diplomatic editor, Christopher Lockwood, reflects that NATO's possible new members at the current time cannot contribute militarily with force structure, compatible doctrine, or political and economic stability.  I have been a strong supporter of NATO. I will remain a strong supporter of NATO. But I think we have to rethink the current NATO flightpath and answer the hard questions that require our attention.  Mr. President, I now want to offer what I think are extremely insightful approaches to the future of multilateral organizations.  Richard Haass expressed:       Alliances, such as NATO, are one manifestation, although      such groupings are rare     and likely to become even less common in a world of few fixed      adversaries. Much more common are informal coalitions of      parties able and willing to work together on behalf of a      common purpose--be it to rescue the Mexican economy, contain      Sadam Hussein, or enter East Timor. Such groupings are not      ideal--they are invariably ad hoc and reactive and lack the      legitimacy of more formal regional or UN undertakings--but      they are consistent with a world where the willingness of      governments to cooperate varies from crisis to crisis and      situation to situation, where great power consensus in      unreliable, and where U.S. resources, however great, are      still limited.  Samuel Huntington, in this book ``The Clash of Civilizations'' explain: ``In the emerging era, clashes of civilizations are the greatest threat to world peace, and an international order based on civilizations is the surest safeguard against war.'' And, since the Cold War the question of ``Which side are you on?'' has been replaced by the much more fundamental one, ``Who are you?'' Every state has to have an answer. That answer, its cultural identify, defines the state's place in world politics, its friends, and its enemies.  Mr. Huntington further explains that we must nurture other Western cultures that identify with the U.S. and accept our civilization as unique not universal and uniting to renew and preserve it against challenges from non-Western societies. Avoidance of a global war of civilizations depends on world leaders accepting and cooperating to maintain the multi civilizational character of global politics.  Roberts translation: Why not concentrate in areas of the world where Western values, Western democracy, have been cherished, nurtured, and appreciated? At the same time the U.S. needs to stop trying to impose Western values in areas where they are not and will not take root?  Andrew Krepinevich from the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments recently finished a thought-provoking future vision titled ``Transforming America's Alliances.'' He believes that America's alliances are in need of transformation due to the following reasons: Relative decline in U.S. global power, the rise and recovery of great regional power, with an increased focus on Asia, the eroding of current ally durability and reliability, the current military revolution will make power projection more difficult, and finally the growing need to provide for homeland defense.  Mr. President, I feel Mr. Krepinevich's assessment undertakes bold steps toward the future in his following statement:       If the U.S. is to preserve the current favorable military      balance in regions around the globe in the future, it will      find itself increasingly dependent upon allies for support.      This may require a somewhat different set of alliances than      exist today. Restructuring alliance relationships to meet      requirements will take years, perhaps decades. Yet the      geopolitical and military revolutions that will likely stress      the U.S. alliance relationships should be undertaken now.  Mr. President, that is what we are trying to do. That is what Senator Cleland and I are trying to accomplish with our foreign policy dialog. America cannot afford to miss this opportunity to shape the future.  I thank my colleague for initiating the third dialog. I especially thank my colleagues who have been very patient listening to my remarks. Senator Lugar, Senator Levin, and I welcome their input.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Smith of Oregon). The Senator from Indiana.  