President, there has been some discussion on the floor in reference to this bill, the Defense authorization bill, on the merits of including a hate crimes provision. I am struck by the fact that we have just witnessed an international terrorist hate crime with the attack on the U.S.S. Cole, leaving, according to my notes, 5 dead and 36 wounded, 12 missing. All of our U.S. military are on alert in terms of force protection. Our intelligence services are working full time to make sure that we have the proper force protection as they do their duty. In fact, I think that is a hate crime to which this particular bill speaks.  I associate myself with the remarks of the distinguished chairman. While Members on both sides have strong feelings about the hate crimes bill, in no way should this defense authorizations bill be further held up or impeded.  I express my sincere condolences, as my colleagues have, to the families and friends of the crewmembers of the U.S.S. Cole who were killed and injured today in the Port of Aden in Yemen. They died or they were injured in the services of this Nation, and we all feel their sacrifice. The apparent--I say ``apparent''; I think we all know it was--terrorist attack on the U.S. ship was brutal, it was unprovoked, it was an act of terrorism. All the information is not yet available to determine the source and the motivation of the attack. The Government of Yemen has said they are certainly not involved, so we have to reserve judgment on the response, if this is a terrorist strike.  No matter what the cause of the explosion, this again points out the risks that our service men and women face every day. We have to be ready every day. There is no strategic response to terrorism in regard to the service they provide to our Nation.  We must never forget that we ask the members of the military to be on the front line of U.S. diplomacy, and, unfortunately, they are the obvious targets of terrorist groups.  I have the privilege of being the chairman of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee on the Armed Services Committee. As has been indicated by Senator Levin and others, we have the responsibility to make sure we are ready and we have the proper resources to combat terrorism.  I can make a solemn promise to the families involved and to our military: We are going to continue to do our very best budgetwise and our very best in regard to legislation and policy to assure the force protection that we must have to protect our troops.  I rise to add my compliments to the chairman and the distinguished ranking member, Senator Levin, of the Armed Services Committee on a job that I think is well done. Through their hard work and their perseverance over the last legislative year, and in particular in regard to the conference with our colleagues in the House, we are presenting to the Senate a bill that will make significant progress.  Senator Sessions has made what I consider to be an excellent speech on the state of military readiness, the problems and the challenges we face. I see the distinguished chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee, the Armed Services Committee, Senator Inhofe, who does a splendid job in that regard. He has been sounding the alarm for years in regard to the readiness problems we face. We will make significant progress toward stopping what I call the readiness drain now facing our military. It is not enough, but this bill does actually lay down a marker that the Congress is very serious, that the committee is very serious about its commitment to reversing the damaging readiness cuts. We owe the men and women of the Armed Forces nothing less.  Over time, the last several years, we have authorized significant increases in pay. We have certainly done a better job in regard to the retirement system. We reformed that. As the distinguished chairman and the ranking member have pointed out, under the health care banner, we are now providing health care for the military retired. That is an obligation we must keep.  As I have indicated, I have the privilege to serve as the chairman of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee. I am very proud of our accomplishments this year in the subcommittee. I thank the distinguished Senator from New Mexico, Mr. Bingaman, for his assistance, as well as all the members of the subcommittee, working in a bipartisan fashion to produce this work product.  Behind the success was the hard work of our staff. I have always said that there are no self-made men or women in public office today. It is your friends who make you what you are. I put staff in that category. We are only as good as our staff in terms of the work product we are able to pass. I take this opportunity to thank them. They are not expecting this, but I want to take this opportunity to present: The head of our Emerging Threats and Capabilities ``posse,'' if I can refer to us in thatvein, and who I consider to be the iron lady and the iron fist of the science and technology world, Ms. Pam Ferrell; Mr. Military Transformation, who did an outstanding job, Mr. Chuck Alsap; the strong duo dealing with counterterrorism, the very subject we are dealing with today, even as I speak, as the 250 members of the U.S.S. Cole try to right the ship and save the ship, is Mr. Ed Edens and Mr. Joe Sixeas; the guy, the young man or the staffer that the drug cartels probably fear as much as anybody, Mr. Cord Sterling; our cyber warrior, Mr. Eric Thommes; and our tough negotiator in dealing with the Russian programs, the counterthreat reduction programs, an investment for us, and we think an investment for the Russians, as well, Miss Mary Alice Hayward; and the cleanup hitter, Miss Susan Ross.  I thank each and every one of them for their hard work, their professionalism, and the work product we were able to produce.  There are many successes for this year I want to address, but time is an issue. I know the Senators from Oklahoma and Iowa want to make some remarks, but there are four areas I would like to highlight of which I am especially proud.  First, we have two educational programs designed to increase research and the number of technically trained Americans. We have a technology personnel gap. I do not know what the acronym is for that. We hear about gaps in the past in terms of arguments in regard to the military. But, boy, this is a gap that is real and it is a gap that must be filled.  We have authorized $15 million to establish what is called an Information Security Scholarship Program for the Secretary of Defense to award grants to institutions of higher education to establish or improve programs in information security and to provide scholarships to persons who would pursue a degree in information assurance in exchange for a commitment of service within the Department of Defense. That is a breakthrough.  Senator Warner gave his personal leadership to this. As a matter of fact, it is his initiative. I like to think I had something to do with it, as well as all members of the committee in a bipartisan fashion.  We have also authorized $5 million to establish something called an Institute for Defense Computer Security and Information Protection. This institute will conduct research in technology development in the area of information assurance and to facilitate the exchange of information with regard to cyber threats, technology tools, and other relevant issues.  Again I go back to the technology personnel gap. This will assist us to really close that gap. As a matter of fact, when we asked the experts in our subcommittee, What keeps you up at night? they mentioned a lot of things, but they mentioned two things of priority interest. No. 1 is the possibility of the use of biological weaponry by some state-supported terrorist or non-state-supported terrorist. The second thing they worry about is cyber attacks, information warfare. So we think this institute is long overdue. We have authorized $5 million. That is going to get it started.  The second thing I would like to mention is that we ensure that the Department of Defense will focus real coordination in their responsibilities to combat terrorism activities through a single office. We had four people before the subcommittee testifying in regard to DOD responsibilities and the challenge they face in regard to terrorism, so I asked the witnesses: Would you sit in order of your authority. Nobody knew where to sit--No. 1, 2, 3, 4--because they didn't know. We had so many people within the DOD who shared partial responsibility for this that we did not find one person in charge. So that is what we are going to have after this bill passes.  We made a suggestion on the Senate side; we really singled it out and put it in a particular person's area of responsibility. The House came back and said let's let the Secretary of Defense decide that. But I will tell you again, we are going to ensure the Department of Defense is focused in regard to their responsibilities to combat terrorism through one single office.  We included a provision that would designate one Assistant Secretary of Defense as the principal civilian advisor to the Secretary for Department of Defense activities for combating terrorism--one guy in charge, one lady in charge, one person in charge. This provision ensures there is a single individual within the Department responsible for providing focused and comprehensive and well-funded DOD antiterrorism policy.  I have said that about three times now, but three times I want to say how important that is. I think it is a real step forward.  The third area is to reduce the risk of the expansion of weapons of mass destruction and to help provide opportunities to Russian scientists outside of their weapons development. We authorized over $1 billion for nonproliferation and threat reduction programs for the Departments of Defense and Energy to assist nations of the former Soviet Union in preventing the expansion of their weapons of mass destruction and dissemination of their scientific expertise. This is a program really started by Senator Nunn and Senator Lugar. Conferees included several initiatives to obtain greater Russian commitment to these programs--these programs are not without controversy--and the necessary U.S. access to ensure these programs do achieve their threat reduction goals.  We authorized $443.4 million for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program for fiscal year 2001 to reduce the threat posed by the former Soviet Union weapons of mass destruction. So, let's see, there is $443.4 and $1 billion for the nonproliferation and threat reduction programs. That is quite an investment to assist the Russians, to work together with the Russians to reduce that kind of capability.  Last, I would like to say to help the military continue to put a solid effort in the invaluable area of science and technology and to ensure we are ready to address the emerging threats, we added $209 million for the Defense Science and Technology Program; that is the S programs, the science and technology programs. We focused on revolutionary technologies to meet the emerging threats. And we required the services to undertake a comprehensive planning process to identify long-term technological needs in consultation with the warfighting and the acquisition communities, and to ensure that the services' programs in regard to science and technology are appropriately designed to support these needs.  I could list some other significant accomplishments in the joint warfighting area, in the continued focus on helping our military communities prepare for the possibility that they may have to handle the consequences of a terrorist attack on our homeland.  We all know about the U.S.S. Cole. That threat exists in regard to our domestic situation as well and in several other key areas where we have jurisdiction. But I am going to let that go. I will probably put something in the Record at a later date in regard to what I think we have done in meeting our responsibilities in that area.  Again, I thank the chairman, Senator Warner, who has labored long and hard. We did this several months ago. We have been in conference for 2 or 3 or 4 months. In the rush to complete our business, we had all sorts of things pop up out of the woodwork, almost a gauntlet to get this bill done. I thank Senator Warner, Senator Levin, all members of the committee for their leadership, their guidance, their help during the development of this year's Defense bill.  There is no more important bill. Our first obligation as Members of this body is to do what we can in behalf of our national security. Today's events certainly prove that is the case. That has been spoken to by the distinguished chairman.  I think it is a good bill. We need to get it passed, and it needs a big vote. It needs a big, solid vote for the responsibility we have to our men and women in uniform.  I yield the floor.  