President, I rise on the Senate floor today to pay tribute and to really eulogize one of our colleagues from the House of Representatives and a personal friend. I am speaking of Herb Bateman, the late Congressman from America's First District, the First District of Virginia.  As most of my colleagues know, Herb passed away last month following a rich life of public service, family commitment, and 18 years of distinguished service in the House of Representatives. Herb had announced his retirement last January, and in doing so, he had received well-deserved accolades and awards and letters of appreciation. They were from virtually everyone whose life he touched--and he touched many from all walks of life. I might add, the letters of appreciation and thanks are still being sent to newspapers in his district.  From September 12 through 14, Members of the House paid a very deserved tribute to Herb, and in doing so, really captured the essence of the man. The essence, simply put, is that Herb epitomized integrity in public service. I commend these moving and very accurate portrayals of Herb Bateman to the attention of my Senate colleagues.  Let me also say that the comments by our colleagues in the House also represented a most appropriate segue to the services that were held for Herb in his hometown of Newport News. I am compelled to say that I have never attended services more appropriate, more moving, and more fitting in celebrating the life of someone so respected and so loved. I was privileged to join many of Herb's colleagues and my former colleagues in the House; Senator Bunning; the distinguished senior Senators from Virginia, Senator Warner and Senator Robb; and hundreds of friends and relatives who were in attendance.  There simply wasn't enough room in Our Lady of Carmel Catholic Church in Newport News last September 15 to hold all of Herb Bateman's friends and constituents who joined his wife Laura and their family, yes, to mourn his loss, but also to pay tribute and celebrate his life.  The remarks by Monsignor Michael D. McCarron were not only appropriate and especially uplifting in their religious context, providing Herb and Laura's family and all of us in attendance the strength and faith that we needed, but they also captured with humor and grace the perspective of one's life devoted to public service.  Herbert H. Bateman Jr., ``Bert'' Bateman, eulogized his Dad in moving remarks that only a loving son could give. Bert's eulogy was a gift of solace and comfort to his mother, his family, his sister Laura and her family, to allof the relatives present--and with regard to that special father-son relationship we all would hope for--it was a gift to us all.  The last speaker during the service for Herb Bateman, was his long time Chief of Staff, Dan Scandling. And, it is Dan's eulogy that I am going to ask to be put in the Record today.  I do so for a special reason. Dan Scandling's remarks are not only a fitting tribute to his boss, Congressman Herb Bateman, they also speak for all of the Bateman staff members during 18 years of Herb's distinguished service. They speak for Dan, and they speak for his long-time and valued executive assistant, Peggy Haar, and for all of the staffers who served Herb so well during his 18 years in the House of Representatives. After hearing Dan speak, I believe his comments also represent that special relationship that most congressional staff members have with their congressman or their senator.  My appreciation for Dan Scandling's remarks, like others who are privileged to serve in this body, are because I am a former staffer--or as we say in Kansas, a bucket toter, if you will, in my case working for both a Senator and my predecessor in the House of Representatives. In each case, my boss was the Senator or the Congressman. So it was and is for Dan and all of the Bateman staff. They admired and loved him and their work demonstrated that and in turn their work earned the respect and gratitude of the people of America's First District.  I am fond of saying that there are no self-made men or women in public office; that it is your friends who make you what you are. In this respect Herb was indeed a self-made man but also made better by his friends, more particularly his staff. I am also fond of saying you are only as good--in terms of accomplishment and making a difference--as your staff. Herb accomplished much and made a difference.  Dan Scandling captured those thoughts and much more in his moving tribute to his boss, Congressman Herb Bateman. His personal tribute to Laura Bateman, a great lady, was especially appropriate and captured Herb's commitment and love for his wife.  Dan summed up the life of Herb Bateman and his public service attributes as only a trusted aid could do--Herb's credibility, integrity, his hard work and commitment to his fellow man. He also reflects on their personal relationship with honor and affection.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the eulogy given by Dan Scandling on behalf of his friend, mentor and boss, Congressman Herb Bateman be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       So many things come to mind when you think of Herb Bateman.       Congressman. State Senator. Colleague.       Statesman. Virginia Gentleman. Devoted Public Servant.       Boss. Golfing Partner. Friend.       And lest no one forget: ``America's First District.''       There also is the much more private side of Herb Bateman.       Husband. Father. Grandfather.       One of the first things that struck me about Mr. Bateman      when I came to work for him 10 years ago was his unwavering      devotion to Laura.       I can still vividly remember one of the first times she      came into the office. We were just wrapping up one of those      marathon meetings that all you Members so deeply cherish when      Laura walked in.       Herb got up from behind his desk, walked over to her,      reached for her hand, gave her a kiss on her cheek and then      asked how her day was.       I quickly learned this wasn't just a one-time thing.       Nothing was as important as making sure Laura had had a      good day.       I only wish I was half as attentive to the needs of my      wife.       Laura was the most important thing in Herb's life. The two      were inseparable. Wherever Herb went, Laura went. Whether it      was travel overseas, a trip to the Eastern Shore or back and      forth to Washington, the two of them were always together.       Laura was very important to Herb's political career--     particularly when it came to keeping names and faces      straight.       Herb was terrible with names. He always insisted on name      tags at every event he hosted.       Laura, on the other hand, is the master of remembering      names and faces. No matter where they were, or who they ran      into, it is like instant recall. She can always place a name      with a face. You politicians in the audience today should be      jealous.       I know one certain Chief of Staff who owes his      congressional career to Laura because she remembered his name      and face.       Bert and Laura, you have no idea how proud your father was      of you. Not a day went by that he wasn't telling me about how      one of you had gotten a better job, or a promotion, or had      landed a big, new account.       Bert, he was particularly proud of your desire--and      commitment--to make Newport News a better place to live and      work. He was proud that you were willing to give so much of      yourself to your community.       And he also was proud of how good a husband--and father--     you are.       Laura, nothing brought a bigger smile to your father's face      than for him to run into one of his former colleagues from      the Virginia Senate and have them tell him how great a job      you do in Richmond and beyond.       He was so proud of how successful you have become.       Then there is ``Poppy.'' Herb loved his grandchildren.      Emmy, Hank and Sam--you were the apples of his eye.       Just last week he was boasting how Emmy had won a tennis      tournament at the club and was so pleased that Hank had taken      up running cross country. Every summer I would get the      updates on all the ribbons the two of you would win at swim      meets.       Hank, I think your grandfather has high expectations from      you on the athletic field. I know you won't let him down.       Emmy, I know your ``Poppy'' wishes for you the same success      that his daughter has had.       Sam, your ``Poppy'' was so excited about your first day at      school. He was looking forward to getting home last weekend      to hear all about it first-hand.       I know this week has not been easy. It wasn't supposed to      happen this way. I know you feel somewhat cheated because      ``Poppy'' was finally going to be able to spend more than      just the weekends in Newport News. There would be no more of      this nomadic life of leaving for Washington every Monday      morning only to return home sometime Friday--then do it all      over again two days later.       But look around this church. Look how many people are here.      Everyone here loved your ``Poppy.''       It's like one huge ``thank you'' for sharing him with us.       Thank you for all those times he left you--his family--to      go work an 80-hour week in Washington;       To go to a parade somewhere at the other end of the      District on a Saturday morning;       To go to some god-awful chicken dinner fund raiser;       To go shake hands at the shipyard gates at 6 a.m. on some      rain-soaked morning in the dead of winter.       Thank you for sharing him with us. Thank you for the      sacrifices you made.       I worked for Herb Bateman for 10 years. Over that time we      grew to be pretty close. I think it would probably be fair to      say he considered me part of the family.       There aren't too many places in America's First District      that he and I haven't been to together, and there aren't too      many things we haven't discussed.       Of all the things that have been ingrained in my head over      the last 10 years, it's that credibility is everything.       Once you lose your credibility, you lose everything. If      people cannot take you at your word, then your word is      nothing.       Perhaps that explains why he was such an effective      legislator, and why when he announced his retirement last      January, letters, faxes and e-mails poured into his office      thanking him for his dedicated service.       He got letters from Admirals, Generals, captains of      industry and politicians on both sides of the aisle. He got      letters from long-time friends and associates. And most      significantly, he got letters from hundreds of his      constituents. All them were effusive in their praise.       Credibility meant everything to Herb Bateman. I know that      first hand. I know it guided each of his decisions, whether      it was on a controversial issue before Congress or a      contentious political issue.       He would have been pleased to hear how his colleagues      described him during Tuesday evening's tribute on the floor      of the House.       I couldn't help but smile as I saw Member after Member get      up and talk about his integrity.       Perhaps Congressman Burton said it best:       ``Herb was a man, who if he gave his word on anything, you      could take it to the bank. Herb was not one of those guys      that played both sides of the fence. He was a man of      integrity--impeccable integrity--and one that all of us      respected.''       More than anything else--any aircraft carrier, any      submarine, any bridge, any Corps of Engineers' project--Herb      would want to be known for his integrity.       Obviously, he has.       Herb had two vices in life. A good steak, and golf.       Man, did he love a good steak. New York Strip. Medium rare.       He always ordered french fries with his steak--extra crisp,      please or potato sticks if you have them.       If I was invited over to Shoe Lane for dinner it usually      meant a good steak on the grill--and potato sticks!       If I was invited out for a steak in Washington, it usually      meant someone in the office was in trouble.       I used to cringe when he would come up behind me, put his      hand on my shoulder and say, ``Dan, let's go have a steak.''       He always enjoyed his meal. I can't say the same.       The there was golf. Next to Laura, golf was his passion.       Like most us, he wasn't very good, but that didn't matter.      He just loved to play. He loved being outdoors. He loved      meeting new playing partners.       And he loved mulligans!       Herb played golf to relax. He didn't talk about work on the      golf course. He didn't take a cell phone. He never carried a      pager. Golf was for fun. If you were on the golf course, you      were there to enjoy yourself.       If Herb were ever elected President, I bet one of the first      things he would do would be to issue an Executive Order      prohibiting cell phones on the golf course.       For all those golfers here today, I have one special      request. The next time you play golf, as tribute to Herb,      leave your cell phones and pagers in the car.       Take the time to relax and enjoy the people you are playing      with. I have made a promise to myself never to take a cell      phone with me on the golf course again. I hope I can live up      to it.       Oh, and take a couple of mulligans too.       I want to close by touching on some of the things that Herb      did that no one knew about, that never made any headlines,      that never got him a vote.       Herb liked helping people. He always stressed to his staff      that constituent service was the most important part of his      job--and their job.       He always reminded us that he worked for the people of      America's First District and it was his job to help them when      they had a problem.       I could recount hundreds--if not thousands--of cases where      Herb got personally involved. One that always comes to mind      involved a woman from Williamsburg whose husband had died and      was buried in Arlington Cemetery. The woman's husband had      been an Air Force pilot and she asked that he be buried in      the section in Arlington where you could have different types      of tombstones.       Soon after his funeral she went about designing a tombstone      that she thought would be a fitting tribute. The cemetery      approved the design and she had the stone carved. When the      store arrived at the cemetery several weeks later, cemetery      officials did a complete 180 and told her she couldn't use      the stone.       Somehow, a columnist at the Washington Post caught wind of      the situation and a story appeared in the paper. Herb saw it      and asked me what I knew about it. After a few quick calls,      it was evident the woman hadn't contacted us. But to Herb,      that didn't matter.       Within a matter of minutes, Herb, me and another staffer      were in a car headed over to Arlington. We drove through the      cemetery where the woman's husband was buried, got out looked      at some of the other tombstones then headed back across the      river.       Upon returning to the office, Herb immediately called the      Superintendent at Arlington and presto, the issue was      resolved.       When I called the woman to tell her the cemetery officials      had relented, I asked why she didn't call us. She said she      didn't want to burden the Congressman with her problem.       To Herb, it wasn't a bother; it was a pleasure. It was all      about helping the people he represented.       The Congress has lost more than an outstanding Member, it      has lost a warm, caring individual who served his nation with      great honor and distinction.       God bless Herb, his family, and America's First District.  