President, I thank the Senator for yielding.  Mr. President, Senator Cleland has very effectively outlined the evolution of our nation's foreign policy, from Washington and Adams (chary of foreign involvement and alliances) to the Monroe Doctrine to Wilson's idealism and all of the so called ``ism's''--economism, realism, humanitarianism, minimalism, unilateralism, regionalism, isolationism with intervention and non intervention tossed in. Now, that is quite a foreign policy tossed salad.  But, the point is, discussion and definition must preface clarity, purpose and consensus and Senator Cleland has done just that along with a Clelandism, a new concept he will define in his closing remarks, ``Realistic Restraint.''  In setting the framework for discussion on the global role our nation will play in the 21st century, the benchmark used by virtually all observers is the post-cold-war period.  Ashton Carter, professor of science and international affairs at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard and an Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Policy in the first Clinton administration, put it very well when he recently wrote:       The kindest thing that might be said of American behavior      ten years into the post-Cold War world is that it is A-     STRATEGIC, responding dutifully to the (crisis du jour) with      little sense of priority or consistency.       A less charitable characterization would be that the United      States has its priorities but they are backwards, too often      placing immediate intervention in minor conflicts over a      ``preventive-defense strategy focused on basic, long term      threats to security.       This formula has become awkward, even embarrassing, as the      years go by. It is an admission that we do not know where we      are going strategically, only whence we have come. It is time      to declare an end to the end.  In his recent article, ``Adapting U.S. Defense to Future Needs,'' Professor Carter has recommended identifying an ``A-list'' of security priorities to fill the current strategic vacuum. I was struck by the similarity between Professor Carter's A, B, and C lists determining threats to our national security and the recommendations by the Commission on America's National Interests four years previous that I mentioned in my opening remarks.  And, Professor Carter did us another favor in his article by quoting George Marshall at the time of America's previous great strategic transition following the Second World War. In 1947 at Princeton University, General Marshall said:       Now that an immediate peril is not plainly visible, there      is a natural tendency to relax and to return to business as      usual. But, I feel that we are seriously failing in our      attitude toward the international problems whose solution      will largely determine our future.  The report by the Commission on America's National Interests in 1996 expressed a similar view:       The confusion, crosscurrents, and cacophony about America's      role in the world today is strikingly reminiscent of two      earlier experiences in this century: the years after 1918 and      those after 1945. We are experiencing today the third post-     war transition of the twentieth century. In the twenty years      after 1918, American isolationists forced withdrawal from the      world. America's withdrawal undermined the World War I peace      settlement in Europe and contributed mightily to the Great      Depression, the rise of fascism in Germany and Italy, and the      resumption of war in Europe after what proved to be but a      two-decade intermission. After 1945, American leaders were      determined to learn and apply those lessons of the interwar      period. Individuals who are known now as the ``wise men,''      including Presidents Harry Truman and Dwight Eisenhower,      Secretaries of State George Marshall and Dean Acheson, and      Senator Arthur Vandenberg, fashioned a strategy of      thoughtful, deep American engagement in the world in ways      they judged vital to America's well-being. As a result, two      generations of Americans have enjoyed five decades without      world war, in which America experienced the most rapid      economic growth in history, and won a great victory in the      Cold War.  To address this historical challenge and responsibility, what did the Commission recommend? We recommended the following:       Challenges to American national interests in the decade      ahead. Developments around the world pose threats to U.S.      interests and present opportunities for advancing Americans'      well-being. Because America's resources are limited, U.S.      foreign policy must be selective in choosing which issues to      address. The proper basis for making such judgments is a      lean, hierarchical conception of what U.S. national interests      are and are not. Media attention to foreign affairs tends to      fixate on issues according to the vividness of a threat,      without pausing to ask whether the U.S. interest threatened      is really important. Thus second- and third-order issues like      Bosnia or Haiti become a consuming focus of U.S. foreign      policy to the neglect of issues of higher priority, like      China's international role or the unprecedented risks of      nuclear proliferation.       Based on its assessment of specific threats to and      opportunities for U.S. national interests in the final years      of the century, the Commission has identified five cardinal      challenges for the next U.S. president: To cope with China's      entry onto the world stage; to prevent loss of control of      nuclear weapons and nuclear weapons-usable materials, and to      contain biological and chemical weapons proliferation; to      maintain sound strategic partnerships with Japan and the      European allies; to avoid Russia's collapse into civil war or      reversion to authoritarianism; and to maintain singular U.S.      leadership, military capabilities, and international      credibility.  Note the similarity in agreement in regard to Professor Carter's recent article in which he says, 4 years later:       The public imagination, reflected in the press, abhors the      post-Cold War's conceptual vacuum. Under CNN's relentless      gaze, and in the absence of any widely accepted strategic      principles, the accumulation of a decade's worth of telegenic      events has begun to furnish the public with a conception of      strategic priorities that differs from an A-list as defined      here. Citizens watching the news (and even those few who      still read it) can be forgiven if they have begun to get the      impression that the security challenges of the new era (the      post-Post-Cold War era) arise in such places as Kosovo,      Bosnia, East Timor, Haiti, Rwanda and Somalia. These are the      issues that have dominated the security headlines in the      1990s. Indeed, there is even talk of the post-Cold War's      first presidential doctrine, the so-called ``Clinton      Doctrine'', dealing with precisely this issue. According to      President Bill Clinton: ``Whether you live in Africa or      Central Europe or any other place, if somebody comes after      innocent civilians and tries to kill them en masse because of      their race, their ethnic background or their religion, and it      is within our power to stop it, we will stop it.''       The Kosovos and their ilk are undoubtedly important      problems: they represent not only atrocities that offend the      human conscience,     but if allowed to fester can undermine the foundations of      regional and international stability. However, it is also      true that such problems, while serious, do not threaten      America's vital security interests.  Carter went on to say there are four dangers that he puts on the A list, the top priority concerns in regard to vital national security interests: No. 1, the danger that Russia might descend into chaos, isolation and aggression as Germany did after the First World War; No. 2, the danger that Russia and other Soviet successor States might lose control of the nuclear and chemical and biological weapons legacy of the former Soviet Union; No. 3, the danger that, as China emerges, it could spawn hostility rather than becoming engaged in the international system; the danger that the weapons of mass destruction will proliferate and present a direct military threat to U.S. forces and territory; and finally, the danger that catastrophic terrorism of unprecedented scope and intensity might occur on U.S. territory.  Professor Carter indicated these A-list problems do not take the form of traditional military threats and they have not, as a general rule, made headlines or driven our defense programs during the decade-old post-cold-war era. While neither imminent nor certain, the A-list problems will, to quote Marshall again, ``largely determine our future.''  Both Professor Carter and the commission report go on to stress many additional policy recommendations. I commend both the report and the article to my colleagues.  In trying to better prioritize our national security obligations, I think we are faced with two clear policy alternatives: The first I call the so-called Powell doctrine, named after retired Joint Chiefs Chairman, General Colin Powell, who focused on the dangers of military engagement and recommended limiting commitments that put America's men and women in uniform in harm's way to absolutely vital national interests; the second being the so-called Clinton doctrine, which emphasizes more of a global policing role for the United States.  This debate does recall others. It was 40 years ago that President Eisenhower's emphasis on strategic deterrence was challenged by President John Kennedy's advocacy of something called ``flexible response.'' However, the difference is that once in office, the Kennedy administration increased defense spending, while in the last 10 years after engagement and sending more American service men and women overseas than any other President took place in tandem with cutting our military by one-third.  Our current Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Henry Shelton summed up the situation very well when he told the John F. Kennedy School of Government recently:       The military makes a great hammer in America's foreign      policy tool box, but not every problem we face is a nail.  He went on to say:       As a world superpower, can we dare to admit that force      cannot solve every problem we face. I think that the decision      to use force is probably the most important decision our      nation's leaders can make. The fundamental purpose of our      military forces is to fight and win the nation's wars.  General Shelton went on to echo what both the commission on America's interests and Professor Carter have said: Military intervention should be used for vital national interests, important national interests, and they have been used for humanitarian efforts. But the general cautioned that such efforts should be limited in duration and clearly defined.  The general referred to the Dover test, named after Dover Air Force Base, the point of entry of the bodies of service members that are killed in action overseas. The general said: The question is, Is the American public prepared for the sight of our most precious resources coming home in flagged-draped caskets into Dover?  He said this should be among the first things raised by Washington decisionmakers. Both Senator Cleland and I agree very strongly.  The historical analogies aside, there is one clear difference in today's global world and what faced our political and military leaders of yesterday. That is what I call the information age of the CNN effect. Joseph S. Nye, former Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs, said in a recent article:       Today the free flow of information and shortened news      cycles have a huge impact on public opinion, placing some      items at the top of the public agenda that might otherwise      warrant a lower priority. Our political leaders are finding      it harder than ever to maintain a coherent set of priorities      on foreign policy issues that determine what is in the      national interest.       The so-called ``CNN effect'' makes it harder to keep some      items off the top of the public agenda that might otherwise      warrant a lower priority. Now, with the added interactivity      of activist groups on the Internet, it will be harder than      ever for leaders in democracies to maintain a consistent      agenda of priorities.  In closing, let me say that while this forum is intended to focus on debate and discussion, events of the day have a way of forcing the agenda.  I paraphrase from the distinguished admiral who heads up the Defense Intelligence Agency when he said before a recent hearing: We must pay attention to uncertainties in regard to Russia, China, Europe, the Middle East, and Korea. They must be addressed. We must deal with rogue states and individuals who do not share our vision of the future and are willing to engage in violence. Rapid technology development and the proliferation in information technology, biotechnology, and communications, tactical weapons, weapons of mass destruction, pose a significant threat. A 50-percent reduction in global defense spending means both our adversaries and allies have not kept pace with the United States, but as we see after the war in Kosovo, it will result in asymmetric threats from our adversaries and reduced help from our allies. Demographic developments will stress the infrastructure and leadership in Africa, Asia, and Latin America. Disparities in global weather and resource distribution will get worse. The reaction to the United States and western dominance will spur anti-U.S. sentiments now more pronounced since Kosovo, the law of unintended effects. International drug cultivation and production and transport and use will remain a major source of crime and instability. And lastly, ethnic and religious and cultural divisions will remain a prime motivation for conflict.  To be sure, the Senate of the United States cannot solve all the problems, but these problems do indeed comprise current and emerging threats to our national security, international stability, and to peace. The question is, Can we reach consensus in this body to address them in a rational fashion as the leader in the free world?  I think my colleague has some closing remarks, as I do.  