President, I thank the distinguished chairman, my friend and colleague, for his comments.  I wasn't planning on doing this. But I might just provide the chairman with a reflection. As he knows, we were in conference on the Defense authorization bill--the bill we are trying to get finished here. It is so essential to our Nation and our national security. There was not anybody in Congress who worked harder or who was more effective in regard to national security than our dear friend, Herb Bateman.  The Subcommittee on Emerging Threats on the Senate side, of which I am accorded the privilege of being the chairman, was meeting with several other subcommittee chairmen because the House does not follow suit in terms of our organization or duties and we think the Emerging Threats Subcommittee, which was largely formed out of the leadership of the distinguished chairman, encompasses so many different things that are so important to our national security. We were meeting in conference. The distinguished gentleman from the First District of Virginia came in, and he was a tad late. The only amendment we had that was still outstanding was the Bateman amendment. I asked Herb if it was a little late for his tee time. He laughed and said: No, not today but tomorrow.  I informed all those present that the Senate had strong feelings about Mr. Bateman's amendment--very strong feelings--and, despite that, we would accept the amendment under one reservation. Herb was a little concerned because it was a very fine amendment. He looked at me and said: Well, Mr. Chairman, Pat, friends and colleagues from the House, what would that reservation be? I said: Only if we call your amendment the ``Herb Bateman Common Sense Amendment.'' Obviously, it was agreed to and passed.  That was on a Thursday. We lost Herb over that weekend--something I could not believe as I came to work on Monday. But as I reflect back on that, it was probably his last amendment, and it was ``common sense,'' as he always stood for.  So from that standpoint, I think the distinguished chairman's suggestion about what we do in the next Congress is most appropriate. I appreciate his contribution.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  