President, I thank my friend from Georgia, Senator Cleland, for his role in our ongoing, bipartisan foreign policy dialog. As we approach Memorial Day, I also thank him for his personal sacrifice and example for our great country.  This is our fourth foreign policy dialog. It is called the employment of U.S. military forces or what could be better described as the use of force. It couldn't come at a better time, the week prior to the Memorial Day celebration, a day of solemn celebration and reflection, a day to remember our fallen family members, our friends, and our fellow Americans, a day that always makes me very proud of our country and humbled by the self-sacrifice of our men and women who paid the ultimate price so that we may live free.  As my good friend from Georgia has seen with his own eyes, it is not the U.S. Constitution that really keeps us free, for it is merely a piece of paper. The marble headstones at Arlington National Cemetery and cemeteries all across America and throughout the world mark what truly has kept us free. And our freedoms will continue to be secured by the brave men and women of our Armed Forces.  Samuel P. Huntington, the renowned author and historian in the 1950s, articulated in his book ``The Soldier and the State'' two important military characteristics. The first is expertise to prevail at the art of war; the second is the responsibility for protecting our freedoms, similar to the responsibility that lawyers have to protect American justice and the rule of law and that doctors have to save lives and protect the health of their patients. Quite simply: The role of our Armed Forces is to fight and to win the Nation's wars.  Eleven times in our history the United States has formally declared war against foreign adversaries. There have been hundreds of instances, however, in which the United States has utilized military forces abroad in situations of military conflict or potential conflict to protect our U.S. citizens or to promote our U.S. interests. Of those hundreds of uses of military force where the U.S. did not declare war, some have obviously been successful and some obviously have not.  Today, I am not going to discuss the use of military force for the purpose of protecting our vital national interests. Those uses of force in our history have occurred rarely and usually without much opposition due to the future of the Nation. Our forces are equipped and train every day to carry out this task. Those types of conflicts of national survival have easily been defined in terms of the political objectives, clear military strategies to achieve those objectives, and the definition of victory or success is the capitulation of the enemy.  The U.S. Armed Forces are no stranger to limited contingency operations, military operations other than war, but the changes in political context of the commitments pose new problems of legitimacy, mission creep, operational tempo, and multilateral cooperation. Although limited contingency operations may produce short-term benefits, history has shown the lasting results of long-term commitments are very limited at best.  The ideas developed by Carl von Clausewitz, famous military theorist of the early 19th century, are profoundly relevant today. The criteria of appropriateness and proportionality are crucial concerns in any military operation other than war.  Clausewitz identified any protracted operation that involves enlargement or lengthening of troop commitment is likely to cause multiple rationales for the intervention. When a marine landing party went ashore at Port-au-Prince in Haiti in 1915, neither the Wilson administration nor the Marine Corps nor the Congress would have predicted that they began an operation to protect the foreign lives and property and to stop a civil war that would end 30 years later with an admission of failure in reforming the public institutions of Haiti.  Does this sound familiar? Currently, the United States has troops in 141 nations and at sea; 55 percent of the nations of the world have U.S. troops stationed within their borders. From 1956--that is the second term of President Eisenhower--to 1992, the United States used military forces abroad 51 times. Since 1992, the U.S. has used military force 51 times.  During that same timeframe of roughly a 400-percent increase in the use of the military as an instrument of power, the military has been forced to downsize and decrease force structure by 40 percent. That type of planning and management of the military reflects poorly on the civilian leadership. All of our services are at the breaking point. I fear there is no more give or elasticity in the force structure of our most valued treasure, the men and women who serve.  The can-do, never-say-die attitude of the military and its leadership and the very competence that the U.S. military has displayed in successfully responding to a wide variety of contingencies seems to have encouraged its further use by this administration, acquiesced to by this Congress.  A recent study from the Center for Strategic and International Studies ofmilitary culture identifies seven areas of concern within our military today. Service members expressed a commitment to values related to effectiveness and sacrifice and discipline, but they had deep concerns about the imbalance between the missions and the resources to perform those missions to a high standard. They felt the Pentagon was out of touch. Quite frankly, they questioned the command support in the face of social concerns. They had concerns about the sense of dwindling understanding of the military so rampant today in our society. They indicated a lot of disgust with civilian leadership behavior not tolerated in their units in the military.  Thomas Jefferson said: Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty. Our military has always exemplified that statement.  However, I am concerned that the current use of military force is undermining the trust of leadership at all levels. We cannot continue to accept the status quo. We cannot continue to appropriate the contingency funds for emergency deployments with no end in sight or no planned exit strategy.  General Zinni, who is the CINC of the Central Command, expressed concern about the pace of these operations and what it is doing to our service members. He said:       We don't have the resources to meet the strategy. It's      plain and simple. We don't have enough people, we don't have      enough force structure, we don't have the right kinds of      things we need to meet the strategy.  Since 1991, we have spent over $25 billion on peacekeeping operations. The impact on the war-fighting capability of each of the services, including the time to recover war-fighting skills after peacekeeping operations, is reflected in the current readiness concerns expressed by the Joint Chiefs.  As an example, the United States continues to dedicate three divisions in the Balkans rotation: One division training to deploy for peacekeeping operations, one division in the area of responsibility, and one division retraining after deployment--three divisions not ready to execute their primary tasks.  Here is an account from a commander in Kosovo, a peacekeeping operation, which is very troubling to me. This is a quote, an e-mail that went from one commander to another. He was reflecting to his friend, who was going to take over his command, what went on in terms of his daily operation:       After getting hit in the head by a large rock and getting      smashed across the back with a tree limb, I gave the order      for the soldiers to open fire with nonlethal munitions. This      worked pretty well clearing the crowd back initially. As we      continued to fight and move with the people on the hill, I      looked over to the landing zone and saw a mob swarming toward      the subject and five soldiers. The soldiers started to move      out of the landing zone, but they had people around them      throwing everything. I grabbed 10 guys and went to help get      the five soldiers. When we were 15 meters away, I saw a      soldier get smashed over the head with a huge tree limb. He      was fine. Thank God for Kevlar. At this point, I took out my      9mm with the intent to shoot. However, I fired several      warning shots. The crowd cleared out, and we walked everyone      out, including the injured.  I want to ask a question. What if those rocks and tree limbs would have been AK-47s and RPGs? I think the debate about a week ago regarding Kosovo and our involvement there would have dramatically changed had that been the case.  We continue to maintain multiple wings of aircraft in southwest Asia, and we continue to place American aviators in harm's way every day in Iraq. What most Americans don't know is that although airpower seems sterile, clean, and bloodless on CNN that is not the case--that is not the case. The mission tapes of the men and women flying missions over Iraq reflect the risk. A war America thought we won 10 years ago slowly rages on.  Mr. President, 75 percent of our military today joined after 1989. They have known nothing but turmoil in terms of their missions. They have been deployed away from their families for 6-month rotations and, in some cases, three, four, and five times. Their war-fighting capabilities and readiness to execute military operations is not as sharp as it should be. Their morale is low because they are leaving their families. Seventy percent of the force today is married, and they are leaving them for very questionable missions. No wonder sailors and airmen and soldiers are leaving the force and voting with their feet. Only the Marine Corps has maintained their recruiting and retention goals, and they have had a very difficult time achieving that goal.  The current military is stressed, it is strained, and it is hollow. As our armed services activity levels have increased and force structure has decreased time for realistic combat training is lost, supply stocks are diminished, and personnel are displaced. Military leadership at all levels suffers from the current strain; leadership crucial in regard to the goal of winning wars.  The key to leadership is trust: Trust from the civilian leadership and the public that the military will put together the proper plan to win, trust from the military that the civilian leadership--those of us in the Congress and in the administration--will provide the proper tools to win, and trust to use force judiciously and to gain the political and public support.  Congress must trust the President, and the President must trust the Congress to ensure the use of force is necessary, after all other instruments of power and diplomacy have failed. And our national interests dictate that the political objectives still must be achieved.  I commend our military leaders for weathering the current storm. I also commend the men and women of the Armed Forces. Whenever I visit a base in Kansas, or overseas, I am always impressed with our citizens in uniform. Their service, integrity, self-discipline, respect for authority, honor, and sacrifice is inspirational; it is a battery charger. I know we have honest disagreements and differences of opinions, and that is good for the system. Debate will continue to occur. Even General Washington had severe disagreements with the Congress about allowing him to perform summary punishments. However, we must mend, heal, and restore harmony to the system by rebuilding the respect, trust, and understanding in the civilian-military relations.  In the post-cold-war era, limited contingency operations have become our predominant military endeavor. There are no easy answers to the problems of limited contingency operations. Deciding to intervene and use our military force is a very difficult problem; it is very perplexing.  The distinguished Senator from Georgia and I have had long talks about this, trying to set up some kind of a criterion, set up some kind of a list that would make sense, outlining the various reasons for intervention abroad. Listing all of the questions the President ought to ask before the Marines are sent in can best be characterized now as an ``it depends'' doctrine.  I acknowledge that the post-cold-war recommendations and the public debate between the foreign policy elite, the Congress, the Secretary of State and Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Joint Chiefs of Staff cannot agree upon and do not provide a clear set of tests that should be applied before deciding to commit troops to combat in support of less than vital national interests. I wish there were a test or a criterion.  That is really the reason Senator Cleland and I entered into the foreign policy dialog. We always seem to be stuck with foregone conclusions in terms of foreign policy and sending our men and women in uniform in harms way.  The former Secretary of Defense, Caspar Weinberger, identified six tests that he said should be applied when weighing the use of U.S. combat forces abroad. Three of the tests--number one, when vital interests are at stake; number five, with public support; and number six, as a last resort--concern the foreign policy and the political circumstances in regard to the use of force. Tests number two, three, and four concern the relationship between the military means and the political ends.  Former Secretary of State, George Shultz on the ``vital interests'' test argued that a wide range of international challenges justify U.S. use of force. And, the last two administrations have uniformly rejected the first vital interest test.  Former Secretary of Defense William Perry argued that the use of force might be necessary to support coercive diplomacy when national interests thatdo not rise to the level of vital are at stake.  Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has asserted that decisions can only be made on a case by case basis, and it would be counterproductive to define rigidly in advance the conditions in which a decision to use force would be made.  But if vital interests need not be at stake, the question remains what degree of U.S. interests justify the use of force, at what level, and with what risks.  Mr. President, I would contend that the use of force for other than vital or extremely important national interests, as defined in our second dialogue, has not worked in the post-cold-war period. The role of the military is not to act as the cop on the beat for the whole world. The non-prudent use of force in support of less than vital interests is not worth the current costs to our readiness and military morale.  C. Mark Brinkley in the Marine Corps Times said it best when he identified with no other form of government to turn to, Serbs and ethnic Albanians alike turned to the Marines for help. In addition, to more traditional roles of securing the area and suppressing civil unrest, the unit recreated basic elements of daily life: restoring law and order and reopening schools and hospitals, garbage collection, and counselling. The Marines also evolved into a police force for the American sector, patrolling the night and responding to emergencies.  However, these operations require significantly different skills than what the armed forces are currently trained to execute. If we are training our peacekeepers to be more like MP's than combat troops, don't we run the risk that the skills needed by a policeman may get them killed when there is combat?  Two schools of thought on the use of force have developed, the national interests school which argues that military force should be used only when there is clear cut political and military objectives and in an overwhelming fashion.  The other school, the limited objectives school, which would use military force even in ambiguous situations as a means of enforcing international decisions or quelling ethnic conflict.  General Colin Powell contended in 1993, the key to using military force is to first match political expectations to military means in a wholly realistic way, and, second to attain decisive results. A decision to use force must be made with a clear purpose in mind, and then adding that if it is too murky, as is often the case, know that leaders will eventually have to find clarity.  We are having a hard time doing that in the Balkans today.  The decision to use force must also be supported by the public. Presidential leadership requires working with Congress and the American people requires Congress to work with the President to provide essential domestic groundwork if U.S. military commitments are to be sustainable. General Powell asserted the troops must go into battle with the support or understanding of the American people.  Mr. President, the pendulum's path has definitely displaced toward the limited objectives school. President Clinton's doctrine of ``global vigilance'' and ``aggressive multilaterialism'' is the current example and policy.  Mr. President, the current precision strike and technological advantage that we enjoy today has led to its increased use due to the perceived minimal risk to American aviators. A few cruise missiles or laser guided bombs may fix a short term problem but do not address the underlying long term problems. I would contend that if the intervention is not worth the cost of one American service member then we ought to be thinking about the worth of using military force in the first place.  If the U.S. decides to use military force and unleash our military might then the cause had better be commensurate with American national interests and analogous to the risk to American service members.  The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Henry Shelton pronounced the ``Dover Test'' must be used when deciding to send troops in harms way, and, if the use of force is not worth the consequences of American service members making the ultimate sacrifice arriving at Dover Air Force Base then the military should not be used.  If the cause is not worth the risk of one American life then the results and handcuffs placed on the military rules of engagement in an effort to curtail risk actually increase the risk. The situation over time, and the situation we are now faced with in the Balkans and in Iraq.  Mr. President, I believe the pendulum of the use of force doctrine needs to swing towards the national interest school of thought. Humanitarian military intervention, in violation of the U.N. charter from attacking other states to remedy violations of human rights, will not rectify the underlying human rights problems. When there is no peace to keep then American service members become targets, not peacekeepers.  Our challenge is to understand the need for prudent, limited, proportionate use of military force as an instrument of national power.  I now want to offer a very strong and very thought provoking words from the book ``Fighting for the Future,'' by Ralph Peters, former Army lieutenant colonel. It is controversial. I offer it as food for thought.  Colonel Peters said:       We face opponents, from warlords to druglords, who operate      in environments of tremendous moral freedom, unconstrained by      laws, internationally recognized treaties, and civilized      customs, or by the approved behaviors of the international      military brotherhood. These men beat us. Terrorists who      rejected our worldview defeated us in Lebanon. ``General''      Aideed, defeated us in Somalia. And Saddam, careless of his      own people, denied us the fruits of our battlefield victory.      In the Balkans and on its borders, intransigents continue to      hold our troops hostage to a meandering policy. Our enemies      play the long game, while we play jailbird chess--never      thinking more than one move ahead. Until we change the rules,      until we stop attacking foreign masses to punish by proxy      protected-status murderers, we will continue to lose. And      even as we lose, our cherished ethics do not stand up to      hardheaded examination. We have become not only losers but      random murderers, willing to kill several hundred Somalis in      a single day but unwilling to kill the chief assassin,      willing to uproot the coca fields of struggling peasants but      without the stomach to retaliate meaningfully against the      druglords who savage our children and our society.  He went on to say,       Tomorrow's enemies will be of two kinds--those who have      seen their hopes disappointed, and those who have no hope. Do      not worry about a successful China, worry about a failing      China.  Those are words to think about.  Limited contingency operations consisting of crisis management, power projection, peacekeeping, localized military action, support for allies, or responding to terrorism require well-defined objectives, consistent strategies to achieve objectives, and a clear, concise exit strategy once those objectives are attained. Otherwise, our country will get involved in operations like those in the Balkans with no end in sight and no peace to keep.  Mr. President, in closing, our service members are, in fact, America, they reflect our diverse origins and they are the embodiment of the American spirit of courage and dedication. Their forebears went by the names of doughboys, Yanks, buffalo soldiers, Johnny Reb, Rough Riders, and GI's. For over 200 years they have answered our Nation's call to fight. Our citizen soldiers today continue to carry America's value system and commitment to freedom and democracy.  The world we face is still full of uncertainty and threats. It is not a safe world. However, all Americans sleep soundly at night because of the young men and women standing ready to fight and die, if necessary, for our freedoms. It is our duty in this body to ensure they are used appropriately. We have an obligation to do just that in the future, for our sake and theirs.  I yield the floor.  