President, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4461, the FY2001 Agriculture appropriations bill. I commend Senator Cochran for bringing forward what I believe is a solid bill to fund those programs of greatest importance to production agriculture and rural America. The task to complete this legislation is never easy, but the Senator from Mississippi has again worked to craft a bill that serves the states of all members of the Senate.  In this era of tight budget caps, crafting this legislation becomes more difficult each year. Despite these difficulties, the chairman has still found a way to provide increases in funding for several vital programs, including:  Farm Service Agency Staffing +$20 million from FY00; Conservation Programs +$63.4 million; Food Safety Inspection Service +$29 million; and Agricultural Research +60.4 million.  Mr. President, I know that many Senators and our constituents are often upset to see increases in funding for federal staffing. But, I must tell you that this increase in funding for FSA staffing is essential.  The Farm Service Agency is responsible for distributing all AMTA, LDP, and market loss payments and programs to our producers. With the low prices of the past two years, these staff have faced a tremendous workload. These programs are essential to our producers and without proper staffing the delivery of these programs will be delayed. This is funding that will benefit our producers.  The productivity of today's U.S. agricultural machine is a modern day miracle that is a model for the rest of the world. We grow more food, for more people, on less land each year. Much of this productivity is a direct result of the commitment Congress has provided to agricultural research in the past. Additional research and productivitywill be essential, as the world's population continues to grow in the next fifty years. The U.S. must be a leader in this area, and I thank the chairman for his commitment to research funding in this legislation.  In addition, I want to thank the chairman for the additional funding provided for the Food Safety Inspection Service (FSIS). Kansas is the largest beef packing state in the country and beef accounts for nearly \1/2\ the farm income in my state each year. We have many small plants and lockers located throughout the state, and we have the ``Big 4'' packers located within a 100-mile radius of each other in the southwestern part of the state. These plants have experienced inspector shortages at several points during the past year. These shortages result in reduced production chain speeds, which results in lost income for the processors, and fewer cattle being slaughtered which directly affects the pocketbooks of my cowboys and cattle ranchers, I am hopeful FSIS will use this money to hire inspectors and locate them in those areas where they are most needed.  I think it is also important to point out the significantly larger amount of funding for USDA agricultural export programs in the Senate bill compared to the House Agricultural Appropriations bill. We need full funding of these programs if our producers are to continue gaining additional world market shares, and I am hopeful the Senate position will prevail in conference with the House.  Finally, I thank the chairman for the funding he has provided for continued wheat and grain sorghum research in the State of Kansas through the Agricultural Research Service and Kansas State University. Kansas is the No. 1 producer of both wheat and grain sorghum in the U.S. Thus, the two crops play a vital role in our state's agricultural economy. This funding will allow us to continue research that allows us to combat emerging diseases in these crops and to find better ways to market them as well.  Again, I thank the Chairman for his efforts on this legislation. As always, he and staff--Rebecca Davies, Martha Scott Poindexter, Les Spivey, and Hunt Shipman--have taken very difficult budget numbers and have gone out of their way to address the needs of the constituents of all members of the Senate. They should be applauded for their work, and I urge my colleagues to support quick passage of this important piece of legislation.  