President, I thank my good friend, the distinguished Senator from Georgia, for the opportunity to join together in what we both hope will be a successful endeavor.  As Senator Cleland stated, our objective is to try to achieve greater attention, focus, and mutual understanding in this body on America's global role and our vital national security interests and, if possible, begin a process of building a bipartisan consensus on what America's role should be in today's ever-changing, unsafe, and very unpredictable world.  At the outset, I share Senator Cleland's sense of personal limitation in addressing this topic. As he has said, even the finest minds and most expert American foreign policymakers have had considerable difficulty in defining both what role the United States should play in the so-called ``New World Disorder'' or reaching a consensus on what criteria to use in defining our vital national interests.  Now having said that, I do not know of another Senator better suited to this effort than Max Cleland. He brings to this exchange of ideas an outstanding record of public service, of personal sacrifice, and of courage and commitment. On the Senate Armed Services Committee, he has demonstrated expertise and a whole lot of common sense in addressing the quality of life issues so important to our men and women in uniform and, in turn, to our national security.  As members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, we both share a keen interest in foreign policy and national security. In my own case, I was privileged to serve as a member of the 1996 Commission on America's National Interests. It was chaired by Ambassador Robert Ellsworth, Gen. Andrew Goodpaster, and Rita Hauser, and was sponsored by the Center for Science and International Affairs at Harvard, the Nixon Center for Peace and Freedom, and the RAND Corporation. The Commission was composed of 15 members, including Senators John McCain, Bob Graham, and Sam Nunn. In brief, our Commission focused on one core issue: What are U.S. national interests in today's world?  The conclusion in 1996, 4 years ago--and the Senator, I think, will see some real similarities to some of our concerns as of today--in the wake of the cold war, the American public's interest in foreign policy declined sharply, and our political leaders have focused on domestic concerns. America's foreign policy was adrift.  The defining feature of American engagement in the world since the cold war has been confusion, leading to missed opportunities and emerging threats.  The Commission went on to say there must be a regrounding of American foreign policy on the foundation of solid national interests. They went on to conclude that there must be greater clarity regarding the hierarchy of American national interests and, with limited resources, a better understanding of what national interests are and, just as important, are not.  Then the Commission prioritized what we felt represented vital national interests. It is interesting to note that the conflicts such as Bosnia and Kosovo did not make the priority cut at that time. That was 4 years ago.  However, the real genesis for this forum that Senator Cleland and I have tried to initiate resulted from frustrations over continued and increasing U.S. military involvement and intervention both in the Balkans, the Persian Gulf and all around the world. Absent was what we consider to be clear policy goals, not only from the executive, but also from the Congress.  We found ourselves on the floor of the Senate, and in committee, coming to the same conclusion reached by the esteemed and beloved longtime chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, Senator Richard Russell of Georgia, who said this, following the war in Vietnam:       I shall never again knowingly support a policy of sending      American men in uniform overseas to fight in a war where      military victory has been ruled out and when they do not have      the full support of the American people.  Yet we continue to see our military becoming involved and taking part in peacekeeping missions, and other missions, where incremental escalation has led to wars of gradualism, where our vital national interests are questionable, and where the unintended effects of our involvement have been counterproductive to national security.  We met in Senator Cleland's office and discussed at length the proper role of the Senate in regard to the use of American troops. We talked about the War Powers Act. We talked about the future of NATO. We talked about our policy in the Persian Gulf. We noted, with considerable frustration, that Senators seemed to be faced with votes, but votes that were already foregone conclusions.  Few were willing to oppose funding for U.S. troops--not many in the Senate or the House will do that--yet many Senators had strong reservations and questions about U.S. policy, our military tactics, and the lack of what some called the end game.  We instructed our staffs to research the War Powers Act and any other possible alternatives that would provide an outlet for future policy decisions.  Senator Cleland persevered, and along with Senator Snowe of Maine, authored and won passage of an amendment mandating that the administration report to the Congress on any operation involving 500 or more troops, and that report would include clear and distinct objectives, as well as the end point of the operation.  In my own case, I authored and won approval of an amendment stating no funds could be used for deployment of troops in the Balkans until the President reported to Congress detailing the reasons for the deployment, number of military troops to be used, the mission and objectives of the forces, the schedule and exit strategy, and the estimated costs involved. Again, these amendments were after the fact, but they at least represented a bipartisan effort on the part of Senators who realized then and realize now that we simply must do a better job of working with the executive and searching for greater mutual understanding in the Senate in regard to foreign policy and our national security interests.  In saying this, let me stress that this body and our country are fortunate to have the benefit of Senators with both expertise and experience with regard to foreign relations and national security. That certainly doesn't reside only with the two Senators here involved. When they speak, we listen. But the problem is, they do not speak enough, and when they do, many do not listen.  The unfortunate conclusion I have reached is that too many Americans are not only uninterested in world events but uninformed as well. More and more today in the Congress, it seems to me that foreign policy, trade, and national security issues are driven by ideology, insular and parochial interests, protectionism, and isolationist views. Both the administration and the Congress seem to be lacking a foreign policy focus, purpose, and constructive agenda.  The one notable exception has been the hearings held by the distinguished chairman of the Armed Services Committee, Senator Warner, who has held extensive hearings on ``Lessons Learned'' with regard to Kosovo. It is a paradox of enormous irony that the vision of knitting a multiethnic society and democracy out of century-old hatreds in Kosovo is in deep trouble. The danger of Kosovo is the fact that it may become another Somalia. These hearings have attracted little more than a blip on the public radar screen and little, if any, commentary or debate in the Senate.  So as Senator Cleland has pointed out, over the course of the coming year he and I will engage in a series of floor dialogues relating to the general direction of U.S. foreign and national security policy in the 21st century. We begin today by discussing the framework for the U.S. global role. In the following months, as the Senator has said, we will discuss the defining national interests, deployment of U.S. forces, the role of multilateral organizations, the role of the Executive, Congress and the public, and the role of trade, economics, and arms control. As Senator Cleland has stressed, this is just an outline.  We invite all Senators to engage in this series. The concept is one of a forum, a dialogue, that will and should include a wide variety of viewpoints. For instance, given the flashpoint situation today in Kosovo, with about 5,000 to 6,000 American troops at risk--and we may be calling in the Marines. I believe that topic certainly demands attention and discussion, however, in a different and separate forum. There should be some discussion and consideration in the Senate in that regard.  As Senator Cleland has pointed out, we all know that foreign policy and national security are legitimate concerns that should be addressed in the Presidential and congressional campaigns; at least I hope they are addressed. But beyond this election year, the Senate will again be faced with our constitutional responsibilities in shaping this Nation's role in global affairs, national security, international stability, and peace. Simply put: Our national interest depends on reaching a bipartisan consensus. My colleague and I both hope this forum will contribute to achieving that goal and, in doing so, also contribute to greater public support and understanding.  I thank the Senator for yielding and understand he has some additional remarks, as I do following his remarks.  