6: In the post-cold-war world, the U.S. should adopt a policy of realistic restraint with respect to the use of U.S. military force in situations other than those involving the defense of vital national interests. In all other situations, we must: Insist on well-defined political objectives; determine whether non-military means will be effective, and if so, try them prior to any recourse to military force. We should remember the quote from General Shelton:       The military is the hammer in our foreign policy toolbox      but not every problem is a nail.  We should ascertain whether military means can achieve the political objectives.  We should determine whether the benefits outweigh the costs (political, financial, military), and that we are prepared to bear those costs.  We should determine the ``last step'' we are prepared to take if necessary to achieve the objectives.  I wonder what that last step would be. It is one thing to have a cause to fight for. It is another thing to have a cause that you are willing to die for. In too many cases today, it doesn't seem to me that we have the willingness to enter into a cause in which we are ready to die but it seems to me we are sure willing to risk the lives of others in regards to limited policy objectives. That's not part of the principle. That's just an observation in regard to the last step recommendation.  We should insist that we have a clear, concise exit strategy, including sufficient consideration of the subsequent role of the United States, regional parties, international organizations and other entities in securing the long-term success of the mission--Kosovo is a great example.  Finally, insist on Congressional approval of all deployments other than those involving responses to emergency situations.  The Senator referred to the amendment introduced by the distinguished chairman of the Armed Services Committee, Senator Warner, and that of Senator Byrd. I voted for that. I do not think it was an abdication of our responsibilities.  Again, those of us in Congress, the majority, should approve all deployments other than those involving responses to emergency situations.  I yield to the Senator.  