  When I was a new Senator, the first encounter I had with Senator Inouye was when he invited me to go with him to the University of Hawaii to debate some issue--and I don't remember exactly what the issue was. Obviously, I didn't know what I was getting into because he had been in the Senate by then a quarter of a century, I believe, and I was new. But I was glad to be invited and felt honored to be invited. So I suppose every Senator here is going to be able to have a lot of memories of Senator Inouye.  I come to the floor to pay tribute, as we ought to, to our friend. I have heard the tributes paid to Senator Inouye by his fellow Senators, and that has gone on over the past several hours since his passing. It is a strong testament to the character of Senator Inouye that his loss as a friend and colleague is so deeply felt. Senator Inouye impressed many of us with his quiet determination, his dedication to right and wrong, and his sheer decency.  He was a gentle force in the Senate, with emphasis upon ``force,'' but that adjective ``gentle'' is very legitimate. He had a strong work ethic and was very productive on behalf of the entire United States. Also, of course, as all of us do, we have to look out for the people in our States, so he looked out for his beloved State of Hawaii as well.  Because he was restrained in his demeanor, when he spoke he commanded real attention. He was well respected in the Senate for his life-long statesmanship and for his early displays of courage and sacrifice for our country.  Barely out of his teens, Senator Inouye confronted more tests of his bravery than the vast majority of us will face in a lifetime. He passed those tests with flying colors, and his representation of American interests in the heavy combat theaters of World War II was something he had to pursue. For him, it was not a perfunctory act. Even though he was an eyewitness to the Japanese warplanes flying overhead in their assault on Hawaii, he could not enlist in the U.S. military at the time because he was Japanese American. He and others petitioned our government, and when they were allowed to enlist, he certainly did.  He and his fellow Americans of Japanese descent went on to serve with tremendous skill and heroism. I encourage everyone to read about Senator Inouye's wartime experience, the medals he won and the bravery he established to win the Medal of Honor.  He teaches all of us about answering the call to duty with determination and without hesitation, just as he did. His example of selflessness and his elevation of common cause over individual interest are especially relevant in these trying times.  In Congress, if we all sacrifice more and worry about self-preservation less, we can accomplish a lot for the country Senator Inouye fought to save and to serve his people afterwards in the Senate. I am glad to have served with and learned from Senator Inouye.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  