S. attorney C.J. Williams described Ms. Rose's ability to quickly comprehend complex issues. Former assistant U.S. attorney Bob Teig, who retired last year after 31 years, said Thursday that Rose will make an ``excellent'' Federal judge. He went on to say:       She has experience in the courtroom and as an      administrator. She has a broad view of the federal legal      system and she's very intelligent. Stephanie will make a      great addition to the federal bench.  U.S. District Judge Mark Bennett said:       She is very skilled. She doesn't have a personal agenda.      She goes by the law.  U.S. District Judge John Jarvey of the Southern District said her prosecution record is impressive, noting ``Stephanie has won the respect of prosecutors and defense lawyers.''  Ms. Rose is also a member of the Iowa Academy of Trial Lawyers. Membership in the academy is limited to just 250 attorneys whose primary focus is on trial advocacy. Membership in this distinguished group is by invitation only, with unanimous approval by the Board of Governors. So Ms. Rose is 1 of only 15 women on the academy.  Mr. Leon Spies, the gentleman who nominated Ms. Rose for the academy, said he nominated her because she exhibited exactly what the organization strives for, ``the highest quality of trial advocacy and ethical responsibilities to clients and the law.''  If confirmed--and I am sure she will be confirmed--Ms. Rose will be the first woman to serve as Federal judge in the Southern District and only the second woman to serve on the Federal bench in Iowa's history. I congratulate Ms. Rose and wish her well as she assumes her duties as a U.S. district judge.  With her confirmation today the Senate will have confirmed 156 of President Obama's nominees to the district and circuit courts. The fact is we haveconfirmed over 80 percent of President Obama's district nominees. During the last Presidential election year, the year 2008, the Senate confirmed a total of 28 judges--24 district and 4 circuit. This Presidential election year we will have exceeded those numbers. We have confirmed five circuit nominees, and Judge Rose will be the 29th district judge confirmed. That is a total of 34 judges this year versus 28 in the last Presidential election year. Yet even as we make consistent progress in filling judicial vacancies, there are still voices out there claiming otherwise.  For example, early last month the Des Moines Register of my State ran an editorial titled ``Judges Remain Hostages in the Senate.'' They stated in that editorial, in reference to the nomination of Ms. Rose, ``She will be lucky to come up for confirmation when the Senate reconvenes.'' Of course the vote had already been scheduled at that point, but they overlooked that fact.  The Register and other critics who erroneously blame vacancy rates in the Federal judiciary on Republican obstructionism overlook other facts as well. You have heard me say on the Senate floor that the Senate can only confirm judges who have been sent here from the White House. So if the White House has not sent judges here, we cannot, obviously, confirm judges who have not been submitted to the Senate.  In that regard, I would like to point out something from the New York Times--because a lot of times I think the New York Times would not do much to give us a basis for our position that we have done a pretty good job of confirming judges, and why aren't judges up here. An article dated August 17, 2012, sheds some light on this very subject. In that article, ``Obama Lags on Judicial Picks, Limiting His Mark on Courts,'' this newspaper, the Times, points out how President Obama made judicial nominations a lower political priority. The article discusses how two Supreme Court nominations, personnel upheavals, and the President's emphasis upon diversity also slowed the nominations process for lower court judges. In fact, even as we continue to confirm judges, the President continues to lag in nominations, including nominations to so-called judicial emergencies.  Today only 32 of the 78 current vacancies have a nominee here from the White House. Stated differently, nearly 60 percent of the current vacancies are without nominees. That has been the pattern for most of this administration.  Once again, I wanted to set the record straight, and I hope I have set it straight. Republicans have been more than fair to this President and his judicial nominees, considering the fact that we have so many vacancies that have not had a nominee submitted to the Senate for our consideration.  Again, I congratulate Ms. Rose.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  