 President, today the Senate turns to another judicial nomination, that of Mary Geiger Lewis, to be U.S. district judge for the District of South Carolina. Once again, for the third time this month, we have a nonconsensus nominee brought before the Senate. I oppose this nomination and urge all Senators to do likewise.  We continue to confirm the President's nominees at a brisk pace. We already confirmed 149 nominees of this President to the district and circuit courts. We also have confirmed two Supreme Court nominees during President Obama's term.  For those who claim this President is being treated differently, let me put that in perspective for my colleagues, with an apples-to-apples comparison. The last time the Senate confirmed two Supreme Court nominees was during President Bush's second term. During President Bush's entire second term, the Senate confirmed a total of only 119 district and circuit court nominees. If Ms. Lewis is confirmed today, we will have confirmed 31 more district and circuit nominees for President Obama than we did for President Bush, in similar circumstances.  During the last Presidential election year, 2008, the Senate confirmed a total of 28 judges--24 district and 4 circuit. With a confirmation today, we will match that number. We have already confirmed five circuit nominees, and this will be the 23rd district judge confirmed this year.  Some have complained about the length of time to confirm these judges, focusing only on one phase of the confirmation process.  In reality, the timeframes are comparable for nomination to confirmation. For President Bush, that time frame was around 211 days; for President Obama, it is 222 days.  We take this time for review because our inquiry of the qualifications of nominees must be rigorous. At the beginning of this Congress, I articulated my standards for judicial nominees. I want to ensure that the men and women who are appointed to a lifetime position in the Federal judiciary are qualified to serve. Factors I consider important include intellectual ability, respect for the Constitution, fidelity to the law, personal integrity, appropriate judicial temperament, and professional competence.  Last year, I became increasingly concerned about some of the judicial nominations being sent to the Senate. In a few individual cases, it was very troublesome. The nomination of Ms. Lewis was one of those that gave me concern. When applying the standards I have articulated, it is my judgment that Ms. Lewis falls short and should not be confirmed.  The Senate process for reviewing the professional qualifications, temperament, background, and character is a long and thorough process. These issues need to be fully examined; nominations are not just rubberstamped.  At the conclusion of that lengthy process, a substantial majority of Republicans on the Judiciary Committee determined that this nomination should not be reported to the Senate.  Nevertheless, we now have the nomination before us. Even so, there are reasons sufficient to oppose this nominee. Ms. Lewis has limited courtroom experience and little criminal law experience. Her responses in her questionnaire and hearing regarding her legal experience indicated her significant cases were handled more than 10 years ago and was more of a team effort than individual experience. At her hearing she was not prepared to discuss the legal principles involved in a case her firm took to the Supreme Court. For these reasons and others, I will vote nay on this nomination and urge my colleagues to do likewise.  I suggest the absence of a quorum and ask unanimous consent that the time be equally divided.  