S. Circuit Judge for the ninth circuit. I find this to be quite irregular and outside the recent precedents of this Senate. Typically, Members are informed of such actions in advance. I was not so informed, and I am the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. I certainly did not intend to yield my time and, in fact, I intended to speak further on the nominee, particularly to make clear some corrections that I think needed to be made after I debated this yesterday.  Regardless of yielding time or further debate, I expected a rollcall vote on this nominee. This has been Senate precedent recently. Before today, cloture was invoked on 22 different judicial nominees. Only 1 of those 22 was confirmed without a rollcall vote--Lavenski Smith to the eighth circuit. Cloture was invoked 94 to 3 on July 15, 2002, and he was confirmed by unanimous consent later that day. Even Barbara Keenan, fourth circuit, had a confirmation rollcall after cloture was invoked 99 to 0.  Furthermore, it has been our general understanding around here for some time that circuit votes would be by rollcall vote. So I am extremely disappointed that there has been a breach of comity around here.  Yesterday I outlined my primary concerns regarding the nomination of Andrew David Hurwitz to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the ninth circuit. I continue to oppose the nomination and will vote no on his confirmation.  I want to supplement and correct the Record on a few issues that arose during yesterday's debate. One of the biggest misunderstandings is that opposition to Justice Hurwitz is based on a 40 year-old decision made by a Judge other than Justice Hurwitz. I do not oppose his nomination because of what somebody else did, or because Justice Hurwitz was a law clerk. My opposition, on this issue, is based on what Mr. Hurwitz himself takes credit for.  He authored the article in question, not as a young law clerk, but when he was well established and seasoned lawyer, shortly before joining the Arizona Supreme Court. In that article Justice Hurwitz praised Judge Newman's opinion for its ``careful and meticulous analysis of the competing constitutional issues.'' He called the opinion ``striking, even in hindsight.'' Let me remind you, the constitutional issues and analysis he praises is Newman's influence on the Supreme Court's expansion of the ``right'' to abortion beyond the first trimester of pregnancy. This, Hurwitz wrote, ``effectively doubled the period of time in which states were barred from absolutely prohibiting abortions.''  Hurwitz's article was clearly an attempt to attribute great significance to decisions in which the judge for whom he had clerked had participated. I think by any fair measure, it is impossible to read Justice Hurwitz's article and not conclude that he wholeheartedly embraces Roe, and importantly, the constitutional arguments that supposedly support it.  Now it would not be surprising to learn that Justice Hurwitz might not be a pro-life judge. The question is not his personal views, but his judicial philosophy. He defends the legal reasoning of Roe, despite near universal agreement, among both liberal and conservative legal scholars, that Roe is one of the worst examples of judicial activism in our Nation's history.  I have also raised my concern that Justice Hurwitz's personal views do seep into his decisions as a judge. Yesterday, I discussed his troubling record on the death penalty and how he appears to be pro-defendant in his judicial rulings. Some of my colleagues came to the floor and stated they were unaware of even one case where his personal views influenced his judicial decision making. So I will review a bit of the record.  While in private practice, Justice Hurwitz successfully challenged Arizona's death penalty sentencing scheme in Ring v. Arizona, even though the law previously had been upheld by the Supreme Court of the United States in Walton v. Arizona.  After the Ring decision, Hurwitz, attempted to expand the ruling by asking the Arizona Supreme Court to either throw out each man's death sentence and order a new trial or to resentence each to life imprisonment with the possibility of parole, saying that allowing the previous death sentence to stand would be a ``dangerous precedent.'' The Arizona Supreme Court refused to overturn the convictions and death sentences on a blanket basis, ruling that the trials were fundamentally fair and that the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling didn't require throwing out all the death sentences.  Justice Hurwitz didn't stop there. While on the Arizona Supreme Court,Justice Hurwitz continued to attempt to expand the scope of the Ring case. His personal opposition to the death penalty appears to have influenced his decisions on the Arizona Supreme Court.  Justice Hurwitz was the lone dissenter in the case of State of Arizona v. Styers. In that case, a jury found James Lynn Styers guilty of the 1989 murder, conspiracy to commit first degree murder, kidnapping, and child abuse of four-year-old Christopher Milke.  Four-year old Christopher was told he was being taken to see Santa Claus, but instead he was taken to the desert and brutally shot in the back of the head.  After years of appeals, the case found itself in federal court, making its way to the Ninth Circuit. In 2008, nearly 19 years after the heart wrenching crime took place, the Ninth Circuit sent the Styers case back to Arizona. In June 2011, some 22 years after this horrific event occurred, the Arizona Supreme Court, in a 4 1 decision, upheld Styers' death sentence. Justice Hurwitz, attempting to cite Ring as authority--the case he argued in while in private practice--was the sole Justice on the Arizona Supreme Court who thought that Christopher's murderer should be given another trial, likely resulting in another round of delays.  If he had his way, the victims in this crime would still be awaiting justice, Arizona taxpayers would be facing unnecessary expenses and society at large would still be waiting for a resolution of the case.  In another death penalty case, State of Arizona v. Donald Edward Beaty, Justice Hurwitz was again the lone dissenter. Donald Beaty was convicted of the May 9, 1984 murder in Tempe of 13-year-old Christy Ann Fornoff. Thirteen-year-old-Christy was abducted, sexually assaulted and suffocated to death by Beaty while collecting newspaper subscription payments.  Beaty, who has been on death row since July, 1985, was scheduled to die by lethal injection at an Arizona Department of Corrections prison in Florence at 10 a.m. on May 25, 2011, more than 27 years after the crime occurred. Beaty's execution was delayed for most of the day as his defense team tried to challenge the Arizona Department of Corrections' decision to substitute one approved drug for another in the state's execution-drug formula. The Arizona Supreme Court ruled 4 1 to lift the stay, with the majority saying Beaty's lawyers hadn't proved he was likely to be harmed by the change. Once again, Justice Hurwitz was the sole dissenter.  If Justice Hurwitz had his way, the State would have had to start over with the death warrant process, leading to additional delays and pain to the victim's family.  So there are two examples of where his death penalty views seeped into his judicial decision making.  As a sitting Justice on the Arizona Supreme Court, Justice Hurwitz tends to be pro-defendant. A study by court watcher and Albany Law School Professor Vincent Bonventre validated the pro-defendant posture of Justice Hurwitz. In a 2008 study, Professor Bonventre examined the criminal decisions in which the Arizona Supreme Court was divided over the previous five years. His study found that Justice Hurwitz was the most pro-defendant member of the Court, siding with the pro-defendant position 83 percent of the time. This is well outside the mainstream for the other members of the Court during the five-year period. As reported by the study, he took a pro-prosecution posture during that five year period only once since he joined the court.  Mr. President, my opposition to Justice Hurwitz is not because of any misbehavior in his youth, silly antics as a college freshman or immature writings in college. I am not suggesting anything like that is in his record, but such examples were raised in the debate yesterday. It is unfortunate that such arguments would have been raised in this serious debate.  I oppose the confirmation of Justice Hurwitz based on his record as a Justice on the Arizona Supreme Court and because of his published views which reflect a judicial ideology that is outside the mainstream.  Madam President, it seems to me that all the business of the Senate is based upon trust between one Senator and another. When the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee isn't notified of this action--or any other Senator--it seems to me that trust has been violated. I won't be satisfied that that trust has been restored unless there is some action taken to have a rollcall vote on this nomination.  I yield the floor.  