 President, this afternoon we are considering the nomination of Brian C. Wimes, of Missouri, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern and Western Districts of Missouri. Again, we are moving forward under the regular order and procedures of the Senate. With today's nomination we will have confirmed 78 judicial nominees during this Congress. With the confirmations today, the Senate will have confirmed more than 75 percent of President Obama's judicial nominations. I would note that in 3 years of President Obama's term, we will have confirmed four nominees as a District Judge in Missouri. This is the same number President Bush had confirmed in his 8 years.  Judge Wimes is a 1990 graduate of the University of Kansas. He received his law degree in 1994 from Thurgood Marshall School of Law, Texas Southern University. Upon graduation from law school, Judge Wimes became an attorney advisor in the litigation branch of Federal Bureau of Prisons in Washington, DC. He represented the Bureau in civil actions by inmates throughout the country. In 1995, the nominee left the Bureau and became an assistant prosecuting attorney for the Jackson County Prosecutor's Office in Kansas City, MO until 2001. During his time there, he served as coordinator for the drug abatement response team; was the East Patrol community prosecutor, acting as office liaison to the community; and, in 1999, became the senior trial attorney for the drug unit. In this position he prosecuted cases involving major crimes with an emphasis on drug-related homicides.  In 2001, Judge Wimes became the drug court commissioner for the court for Jackson County, MO. He was appointed for two, 4-year terms. He presided over 400 assigned cases to drug court, with a caseload of 120 to 150 docketed cases per week.  After serving as the drug court commissioner for Jackson, Judge Wimes was appointed by then-Governor Matt Blunt to serve as the circuit court judge for the 16th Judicial District, Jackson County, MO. He was appointed in 2007, and retained in the 2008 election cycle.  As a circuit court judge, Judge Wimes has presided over approximately 29 criminal trials and 25 civil trials that have gone to judgment. From 2008 to 2009, Judge Wimes was assigned to the family court division and heard over 500 domestic cases to judgment as well.  A substantial majority of the ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary gave him a unanimous rating of qualified.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  