 But don't worry: I'm not      going to touch it.  So let's take a look at the health care law and see if that promise was kept. The health care law made significant cuts in Medicare programs. This is what we can quantify in dollars and cents.  On April 22, 2010, the Chief Actuary of Medicare analyzed the law and found that it would cut Medicare by $575 billion over 10 years. The President said, about Medicare, as I told you, ``I'm not going to touch it.'' But the President has touched it in a big way: $575 billion out of Medicare.  Medicare is on a path to go broke by 2021; $575 billion is not going to guarantee Medicare for everybody in the future. We have to reform and change Medicare if that promise is going to be kept. We all want to do that, but the President has made that more difficult.  The Congressional Budget Office wrote that over $500 billion in Medicare reductions ``would not enhance the ability of the government to pay for future Medicare benefits.'' You know what the President said during the debate on this bill: ``I'm not going to touch it.'' But he has touched it in a big way.  The Chief Actuary had this to say about the Medicare reductions:       Providers--  Meaning hospitals and doctors--       Providers for whom Medicare constitutes a substantive      portion of their business could find it difficult to remain      profitable and, absent legislative intervention, might end      their participation in the program.  So not only touching 500-and-some billion dollars, but also touching it in a way of limiting access for senior citizens of America when the President said, ``I'm not going to touch it,'' he misled the American people.  The CM Actuary said, in essence, these cuts could drive providers from the Medicare Program. I have a hard time understanding how these massive cuts to Medicare count as somehow: I'm not going to touch Medicare.  On the other hand, the biggest problem facing Medicare in the near term is a physicians payment update problem that we constantly have to address and could have been addressed in the health care reform bill. You know what. It was not addressed. Of course nothing was done about it. Perhaps that is what the President meant when he said about Medicare, I say to the Senator from Wyoming, ``I'm not going to touch it.''  