Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 992, the Tucker Act Shuffle Relief Act. This bill would simplify the court procedures when a case is brought by a private property owner to protect their legal and civil rights as guaranteed in the 5th amendment of the United States Constitution. This is a bill that is sorely needed.  As chairman of the Committee on Resources, we have documented in our hearings the many cases where governments assert the right to set aside private lands for the protection of wildlife.  When a landowner wants to sell land and the government pays for the land, that is legal and an acceptable manner for the government to protect wildlife.  However, as is happening more frequently, the government sometimes finds it inconvenient to find the funds to buy the land, so they designate it as habitat for an endangered species.  When that happens, landowners find that they cannot use their land. In the last two years, under extreme pressure from the Republican Congress, the government is beginning a process to allow landowners to use land designated as habitat, but only at a very high cost to landowners.  When landowners cannot afford to go to court to protect their legal and civil rights, the government can use pressure to take the land from the landowner.  We need to give landowners a more level playing field. We need to insure that going to court is not so expensive that only the biggest and richest landowners can afford to protect their rights.  A case in point is the Headwaters Forest in California. For years the government tried to use various forestry laws and the ESA to force the landowner off a portion of its land.  The landowner filed a takings suit in the court of claims and now the government has come to the bargaining table and offering to pay for the property.  This would not have happened if this landowner had not been a large, wealthy corporation with the resources to fight a long and an expensive court battle.  Now some environmentalists are arguing that this bill would increase the number of Federal lawsuits.  Some environmentalists are now in the business of filing lawsuits. In the last ten years, environmentalists have received over ten million dollars in payments from the Federal Treasury for filing Endangered Species Act lawsuits.  I believe many of these lawsuits are frivolous and an abuse of the courts, and their numbers are increasing dramatically.  For environmentalists to argue against allowing average citizens to sue at the same time they are making a living off their lawsuits in hypocrisy of the highest order.  I have a list of environmentalists who have received payments for lawsuits and would ask that it be entered into the Record with my testimony.  Let's insure that the smallest and poorest landowner can have the same rights as the biggest corporation or well financed environmental groups.  Lets pass H.R. 992 and protect our constitutional rights.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. Under the rule, the Committee rises.  Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Tiahrt) having assumed the chair, Mrs. Emerson, Chairman pro tempore of the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 992) to end the Tucker Act shuffle, pursuant to House Resolution 382, she reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted by the Committee of the Whole.  