Madam Chairman, for those that are saying this is a nonenvironmental bill, and also the gentleman from New York (Mr. Boehlert) said that all environmental groups are against it, I would like it to say also that, yes, they are, because they have told people, and I have got confirmation of this, that they are just going to show the Congress how strong they are. Because I asked them specifically what was wrong with this bill. They could not give me an answer.  Yes, they brought up the Chugach Road. But remember, Madam Chairman, my colleagues voted on this. It was voted on in this House; and I won, and my colleagues lost. We won that by 250 votes. Think about that a moment. We bring this up as an issue. They did not like the results, so now they are saying this is a bad bill.  This is already law. We should pass it. It will be signed in law, the President will sign it, and that road will be built. But think about all those proposals in this package that said they were not hurt.  By the way, the gentleman from California (Mr. Miller) is not here, but the bill of the gentleman from California (Mr. Miller) is in here, and we did not hear anything about his bill, and he wanted it.  The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. McHale) came to me and said this is a good bill. We looked at it, and he wants it. Let us see.  Oh, by the way, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Snyder), the gentlemanfrom Connecticut (Mr. Maloney). The gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Maloney), that is interesting. The gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Moakley). Let us go down the line here a ways. There is the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Mrs. Mink). I can go on down. No hearings.  But we reviewed these, and they were good pieces of legislation, and I happen to have the belief that this is a representative form of government. If someone thinks this is right for the district, they have to live with it.  Now to have the environmental communities come out and say that this is bad environmental legislation, this is a disservice. It goes to show us how far the environmental community has gone in the United States. They are zealots. They think nothing of the people that live in those districts, nor the Representatives that represent them.  I am terribly disappointed. In the rule I mentioned that those of us that have legislation in this bill and, in fact, do not vote for this bill, do not come to me next year and say, ``I need this.'' Think about it a moment. My colleagues asked for this. Now they say it is bad because they say there are wrong things in it.  I will say this to the gentleman from New York. I said before he ought to be ashamed, because the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Hansen) worked very hard with him all through this last 2 years trying to reach a solution. The gentleman from Utah has given, and he gave more than I would have ever given. San Rafael I never would have given up, but he did trying to reach the compromise.  Now to have opposition because certain interest groups call my colleagues on the phone and say this is a bad piece of legislation, my, God, when are they going to start thinking for themselves? It is time to start thinking about America and the people and not some interest group that has a bill around this highway. I am ashamed of those people that respond to those.  