Mr. Speaker, section 06(a) requires the Secretary to allocate ten percent of the total allowable catch (TAC) of pollock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands area as a target species to the western Alaska community development quota (CDQ) program, beginning on January 1, 1999. And, prior to allocating the remaining ninety percent of the TAC of pollock to catcher vessels and catcher/processors pursuant to paragraphs (1)-(3) of section 06(b), section 06(b) requires the Secretary to allocate to the CDQ program the amount of additional pollock that will be incidentally taken by vessels that harvest the directed fishing allowance of non-pollock groundfish species that has been allocated to the CDQ program.  During the 1998 fishing year, the Secretary has regulated the CDQ programs for Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands pollock and for Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands non-pollock groundfish species as two separate regulatory programs. To ensure that vessels that participate in the CDQ pollock fishery are afforded an opportunity to harvest the entire ten percent of the TAC of pollock that subsection (a) allocates to the CDQ program, section 06(a) and (b) collectively direct the Secretary to continue, for the purpose of catch accounting only, to regulate the CDQ fisheries for Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands pollock and for Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands non-pollock groundfish species as separate regulatory programs.  Separate accounting for the by-catch of non-pollock groundfish species in the directed CDQ pollock fishery and for the catch of non-pollock groundfish species in the directed CDQ non-pollock groundfish fishery will prevent the by-catch of non-pollock groundfish species in the directed CDQ pollock fishery from being deducted from the 7.5 percent of the TAC of non-pollock groundfish species that the Secretary has allocated to the CDQ program. This will allow vessels participating in the directed CDQ pollock fishery to collectively harvest as by-catch a small amount of non-pollock groundfish species in addition to the 7.5 percent of the TAC for such species that the Secretary has allocated to the CDQ program. However, the total harvest of non-pollock groundfish species--both as by-catch and in the directed fisheries for such species--shall not exceed the allowable biological catch for each species. And it continues to be the intent of Congress that the Secretary regulate the CDQ programs for Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands pollock and for Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands non-pollock groundfish species in a manner that continues to ensure that no species is subjected to overfishing.  Because they take effect on January 1, 1999, the Secretary must implement subsections (a) and (b) of section 06 by promulgating emergency regulations. However, as soon thereafter as practicable, the Secretary shall implement section 06(a) and (b) by promulgating regulations that have been recommended by the North Pacific Council to implement those subsections and other appropriate conservation and management measures.  