Madam Speaker, this is a good rule that should be adopted.  First of all, I want to commend my colleague, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Hansen). He has done an excellent job. In fact, he has done more than I would have done in the realm of trying to become reality in the sense of compromise with all walks, all thoughts, and all understanding. He has done an excellent job.  This is a pro-environment, pro-park, pro-history preservation bill that will improve our national parks, wild and scenic rivers, heritage areas, national forests, and many other public lands. Most of the sections of this bill have gone through individual hearings and followed the legislative process on freestanding bills.  Sixty-seven Members of this Congress from both parties have worked on separate pieces of legislation in this bill. We have worked closely with the Members on the important projects, Members of the Republican side and Democrat side. This bill affects 36 different States, the District of Columbia, and will benefit millions of people.  I will not list all the projects of this bill, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Hansen) will speak about that in the general debate. Let me say, though, this bill is a delicate balance, a very delicate balance. There will be some Members who believe we have spent too much time on the parks, some who believe we have not spent enough. I think it is a good investment.  There are those who are going to make the usual accusations we are not protecting the environment enough, but this bill creates new opportunities for recreation, for protection of our wildlife, and for improving the quality of life of Americans. This bill deserves the support of every Member of this House.  May I say, Madam Speaker, that for those who may think about voting against this bill or this rule, I would suggest respectfully, because I have worked with each Member who has come to me, it is going to be very difficult in the future to listen to someone sincerely when they do not support their own legislation, or when they suggest that ``I want to have mine, but no one else gets theirs.''  I suggest that those things that are in Ohio, those things that are in Pennsylvania and California, Mississippi, all those other States, those Members had better think very carefully about this great bill.  As far as the administration threatening to veto it, I have never for the life of me understood why we have to listen to the administration with regards to administration saying theyare going to veto it. We are supposed to be the governing body for the people. If he wants to veto a parks bill, let the President veto it. I have no objection to that, if he wishes to do so. That is our form of government.  But I have listened day after day to this President threatening vetoes. I am saying, we ought to be ashamed of ourselves if we listen just to the President. Under our Constitution, we are the House of the people. It is our decision. If we want to vote this bill down, fine, but do not vote it down because in fact he threatens a veto. If Members want a king, they can have a king. I suggest the President would make a very poor king.  