Mr. Speaker, I strongly support S. 927, and I am very pleased to see that we are considering it today. We began the process of reauthorizing the National Sea Grant College Program more than three years ago, and I hope we can now conclude it quickly.  Sea Grant was established in 1966 in order to improve our Nation's marine resource conservation efforts, to manage those resources more effectively, and to enhance their proper use. The program is patterned after the highly successful Land Grant College Program, which is familiar to many of our non-coastal members.  For over 30 years, Sea Grant has successfully achieved its goals through a unique combination of research grants, marine advisory services, and education. This year, Mr. Ron Dearborn, who does an excellent job as Director of the Alaska Sea Grant College Program, is serving as President of the Sea Grant Association. Alaska's Sea Grant program has improved our understanding of commercial fish stocks, the factors affecting the size and health of those stocks, and the best economic uses for fishery resources. Using this information, we have developed effective management regimes, and we continue to create more jobs while minimizing long-term impacts to our fisheries.  Alaska Sea Grant also supports a comprehensive Marine Advisory Service, which has provided industry training programs on topics ranging from marine safety and seafood technology to business management for fishermen and shoreside support facilities. Through proper training, we ensure that our industries, businesses, and individuals who depend on productive fisheries can continue to do their jobs effectively.  Sea Grant is a perfect example of the type of program that we should support. The program produces tangible results that help solve local and regional problems and, most importantly, it maximizes immediate and long-range returns by matching Federal investments with State and private funds.  The Resources and Science Committees were unable to reach agreement on reauthorizing legislation in the last Congress. In this Congress, H.R. 437, which was introduced by my colleague, Jim Saxton, and a number of other Members last year, and upon which S. 927 is based, passed the House by a vote of 422 to 3.  S. 927 is similar to H.R. 437, it enjoys widespread support, and I am confident that by voting for it now we can finally reauthorize this important program. Mr. Speaker, I urge an aye vote on S. 927.  Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time.  