Madam Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2863, a bill I introduced to reform the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (MBTA). I have been joined in this effort by a number of our colleagues including John Dingell, John Tanner, Cliff Stearns, Curt Weldon, and Collin Peterson.  It has been 80 years since Congress enacted this law to conserve migratory birds. During this time, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has issued many regulations dealing with the harvest of migratory birds. The vast majority of these regulations were proposed by the hunting community. The only exception has been the regulations dealing with hunting in a field that is ``baited'' to unfairly attract migratory game birds.  Congress has never passed a law that says--this is baiting and this practice is illegal. In fact, it is not illegal to ``bait'' a field or to feed migratory birds. It is strictly prohibited, however, to hunt in such an area.  Over the years, the Fish and Wildlife Service has modified its baiting regulations 17 times. In addition, the Service and many Federal courts impose strict liability on those accused of hunting migratory birds over bait. What this means is that if a hunter is there and the bait is there, they are guilty.  Regrettably, whether to cite someone for violating the MBTA is a subjective decision. Conviction under this act is a Federal criminal offense, and penalties may include up to a $5,000 fine and six months imprisonment.  Under strict liability, if you are hunting in a field that an agent determines is baited, whether you know it or not, you are guilty. There is no defense and any evidence you may have to support your position is irrelevant. It does not matter whether there was a ton of grain or three kernels, whether this feed served as an attraction to migratory birds, or even how far the ``bait'' is from the hunting site.  This interpretation--if you were there, you are guilty--is fundamentally wrong. It violates one of our most basic constitutional protections that a person is innocent until proven guilty. As a result of strict liability, thousands of law-abiding citizens have stopped hunting migratory game birds because they do not want to risk being convicted of a Federal crime for shooting a snow goose or a duck over a pond that may contain a handful of corn. Sadly, there are Fish and Wildlife Service agents who believe that all hunters are criminals and that it is their duty to cite them, even when they know the hunter is unaware of any baiting problem.  In fact, we had testimony before my committee where a former agent of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service stated that, and I quote: ``Have I ever charged someone for hunting over bait that I truly believed they did not know the area was baited? And I would say yes. I have in my career. I have probably charged people for hunting over bait that truly did not know.''  I had hoped that the Fish and Wildlife Service would administratively fix its baiting regulations. I was anxious to see them try and on March 25th, for the first time in 25 years, the Service did issue a proposed rule containing some modifications. While the Service deserves credit for redefining certain terms and allowing greater State input into what constitutes a normal agricultural activity, I am deeply disappointed that they have chosen to retain the strict liability standard. This is a terrible mistake and a complete reversal of their earlier support for this change.  At our full committee markup, I offered an amendment that limited the scope of the bill to the two issues that can only be resolved through the legislative process. The first is to replace strict liability with the ``knows or reasonably should know'' legal standard. This is not a new or radical idea.  In fact, this standard was first articulated for migratory birds in 1978 in the Federal 5th Circuit Court's decision known as United States v. Delahoussaye. In this case, the Court found that:       At a minimum, the bait must have been so situated that its      presence could have been reasonably ascertained by a hunter      wishing to check the area of his activity.  For the past 20 years, this standards has worked effectively in the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas where migratory birds are hunted in great numbers.  In fact, between 1984 and 1997, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service issued 2,318 citations in these three States using the ``known or should have known'' legal standard. The Service obtained guilty pleas or payments of fines in 2,042 cases, which is a conviction rate of over 88 percent.  As these statistics clearly show, the Delahoussaye decision has been effectively used to protect migratory birds. No migratory bird population has been put at risk, there have been numerous convictions and it is, therefore, not surprising that the Service has never attempted to overturn or challenge the Delahoussaye decision.  While this legislation will allow a person to offer a defense in their baiting case, if the preponderance of evidence so demonstrates, a defendant will be found guilty. This standard is far less stringent than the ``beyond a reasonable doubt'' which is used in all other criminal cases.  I received a letter from the Chief Law Enforcement Officer for the Illinois Department of Natural Resources that states:       Some opponents of your bill object on the basis that law      enforcement officers will have to work harder to make good      baiting cases. In my opinion, in a free society like ours,      ease of enforcement should not be a standard that is applied      when evaluating a law. Rather, we should seek to enact common      sense laws that treat sportsmen fairly and protect our      precious natural resources first and foremost. I believe your      amended bill meets all of these criteria.  The elimination of strict liability under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act is strongly supported by a diverse group of conservation organizations including the California Waterfowl Association, the Grant National Waterfowl Association, the International Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, the National Rifle Association, Safari Club International, and the Wildlife Legislative Fund of America. In addition, it was supported by the Fish and Wildlife Service's Ad Hoc Committee on Baiting that included representatives from each of the Flyway Councils, Ducks Unlimited, National Wildlife Federation, and the Wildlife Management Institute.  My bill also improves current law by making it unlawful to place or direct the placement of bait. This will allow the Service to cite those commercial operators who intentionally bait a field without the knowledge of the hunter.  Mr. Chairman, if you believe that every American is innocent until proven guilty and that a person should be entitled to offer evidence in their defense, then you should vote for this legislation. It is the right thing to do and the ``knows or reasonably should know'' legal standard will be effectively applied throughout this nation.  There is no rationale, justification or defense for the strict liability doctrine for migratory birds. I urge an ``aye'' vote on H.R. 2863.  