Mr. Speaker, I support this resolution on the centennial of the Spanish-American War to recognize the loyalty of the United States citizens of Guam who have become part of this Nation due to that conflict.  This resolution serves as recognition of Guam's 100 years of loyalty and service to the United States, and calls on the House of Representatives to reaffirm its commitment to the people of Guam for increased self-government.  Mr. Speaker, it has been one hundred years since the United States raised the first American flag over Guam on July 21, 1898. The islands were transferred to the United States after the Spanish-American War pursuant to the Treaty of Paris, signed December 10, 1898, and raitifed and proclaimed on April 11, 1899. Article IX of the Treaty states that ``The civil rights and political status of the native inhabitants of the territories hereby ceded to the United States shall be determined by the Congress.''  Guam was administered by the United States Navy until forced to surrender the island in 1941 to the invading forces of Japan. During the occupation from 1941 to 1944, the people of Guam remained staunchly loyal to the United States, risking torture and death, and subject to forced labor, ruthless executions, and other brutalities. The island was returned to U.S. Naval jurisdiction after the liberation of the people of Guam in 1944.  As an unincorporated territory of the United States, Guam's relationship with the United States has been characterized by Guam's political development from an island administered by the U.S. Department of the Navy to one governed by the people of Guam under the Guam Organic Act approved by Congress in 1950 in Public Law 630. In the same Act, Congress extended U.S. citizenship to the people of Guam. Congress subsequently authorized expanded self-governance by permitting the people of Guam to elect their own government and a delegate to represent them in the U.S. House of Representatives. In addition, in 1976 Congress committed to a major advance in self-government for Guam by authorizing a constitution, which Guam has yet to complete.  Today, while the people of Guam continue their quest for increased self-government within the United States community, they can be assured that the adoption of a constitution as authorized by Congress will not prejudice or preclude their right of self-determination and the fundamental right to seek a change in their political status in the future. This resolution serves as recognition of Guam's 100 years of loyalty and service to the United States and calls on the House of Representatives to reaffirm its commitment to the people of Guam for increased self-government.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  