The form. The gentleman opposed it.  Mr. DeFAZIO. It is my time, Mr. Chairman, and I would continue.  So the point here is we are going to get a report in March of 1999. We will know who is good and who is not.  The Forest Service spent 53 percent on administration last year, probably more this year, including law enforcement personnel. A lot of money replacing their newest vandalism, which is the fee signs. The amount of money collected by the Forest Service last year was enough money to meet .06 percent of their backlog. Not 6 percent, not six-tenths of a percent, but 6/100ths of 1 percent of their backlog.  At that rate, yes, in 1,600 years of collections we could meet today's backlogs. But of course there would be a few more backlog projects in the 1,600 years.  Yes, we do need additional funds. They should be appropriated. They should be requested by the administration and they should be appropriated. Perhaps we should ask the mining companies to pay a small fee for using the public lands, as opposed to dumping it on the back of individual taxpayers.  The key thing here is that we are being asked to buy a pig in a poke. We do not know how well it is working or where the money is going. This is just like the previous debate, the debate on the K-V funds, where the gentleman from California (Mr. Miller) was successful. We are creating an unaccountable slush fund.  And if I am not successful with this amendment, in 2 or 3 or 4 years we will be back with an amendment because of all the money that cannot be accounted for and all of the moving around within accounts and all of the administrative overhead being paid for by this program. We will be back here.  But, no, let us act rationally now. Do not extend it for 2 years. Do not buy a pig in a poke. Let it go on for the next year, get the report in March, and then, even if the authorizing committee is not capable of acting, the Committee on Appropriations could extend the program for another year at that point. If it is so knockdown, drag-out popular, and the money is being spent so well, and it is reflected in a report that we actually receive on this program as opposed to hearsay, then I do not think that will be a problem.  But if, indeed, the problems are as bad as a number of us have heard, I think there will be a need for very significant adjustments in this program before we extend it into the next millennium.  I thank the gentleman for yielding.  