Mr. Chairman, some things never change. This Tongass fight has been going on for a long time. In all regards to my good friend, the ex-chairman of the committee, I can remember in 1989 that the gentleman from California worked very hard to solve the Tongass problem. We very frankly thought we had solved it. In 1990, 400 million board feet were being cut. I was told by the gentleman from California that the mills would still run, there would be plenty of timber. In fact he quoted, if I may quote,       Wilderness designation for the 23 areas would reduce the      scheduled Tongass timber harvest of 450 million board feet      annually by 49 million board feet. The impact of new      wilderness on the scheduled timber base of 1.75 million acres      is a loss of 238,000 acres. The remaining 1.5 million acres      of land scheduled for harvest is capable of producing over      400 million board feet of timber per year.  Because of the Forest Service and this administration, a lot of inactivities and the continued taking away of lands, we are now down to very frankly 267 million board feet maybe if the Forest Service sells any. And, by the way, the efforts of the gentleman from California (Mr. Miller) after 1990, we have no more saw mills, pulp mills left in the State. That is why there is no demand.  We are trying to develop three or four small mills. Very frankly that is what we are trying to do. We need roads in the area if we are to have any timber. You cannot get timber unless you have roads. Even the President agreed with this. Even the Forest Service agreed with this, that there has to be roads to get the timber out. What the Miller amendment does very frankly is to make sure there is no new timber cut in the Tongass. Otherwise there will be no more timber industry. I will be very frank with the gentleman from California that if he would say that is what he wanted to do in 1980 or 1990, I might have said, ``Okay, that is the way the game is played,'' but not to tell me we are going to have plenty of timber.  The other thing I might remind people that he killed 4,600 jobs in my southeast area. There is no forestry. There are a lot of forest rangers but no forestry being done. Actually I believe a zero cut in the Tongass is the goal.  It was mentioned about roads in the Tongass. To just give my colleagues an idea, Mr. Chairman, we do not know how many roads will be built in the new areas to get timber out. We have no idea. But I will tell my colleagues that in West Virginia, the Tongass is the same size, 17 million acres. West Virginia has 35,110 miles of road, and it is still called a rural State. Thank God for Senator Byrd. They have 35,110 miles of road and in the Tongass we have 2,000 miles of road. If you want to drive to Juneau, you cannot, the capital. If you want to drive to Petersburg, you cannot. If you want to drive to Sitka, you cannot. If you want to drive to Wrangell or any other place, you cannot, because we have no roads. There are 35,110 miles of road in West Virginia, the same size as the Tongass, and we have 2,000 miles of road. But what we are trying to do here is preserve what little remaining timber industry we have.  If we were to adopt the Miller amendment, if we were to adopt it, we would say no more timber shall be harvested in Tongass. If that is the intent of Mr. Miller, I would suggest he offer that amendment, that he says there will be no more timber period ever harvested out of that area. Then we go back to 1990 where he said there would be approximately 400 million board feet still available after we set this aside for a wilderness area in the Tongass.  I am going to ask my colleagues just to consider this for a moment. In all due respect to my good friend, my ranking member, he does not want any timber harvesting left in the Tongass forest. I argue that we reached this agreement in 1990, we signed off on it with the environmental community. CEAC said in fact there will be peace in the valley. No longer any need to debate, this is behind us, let us go forth and do what is correct. Let us progress in more positive things. Yet here tonight at this late hour, we have a gentleman who it was involved in 1986, in 1989, in 1990, in three different Tongass bills. And we have it before us tonight.  I urge the defeat of this amendment. It is not only mischievous, I am going to suggest respectfully, it is an attempt to kill the forest industry.  