Mr. Speaker, I am presenting to the House a modified version of S. 1677, the Wetlands and Wildlife Enhancement Act. This measure was approved by the other body on September 30th.  The first two sections of the bill extend the North America Wetlands Conservation Act and the Partnerships for Wildlife Act for an additional 5 years. These two important conservation programs are dedicated to improving and acquiring wetlands for both migratory birds and nongame species. In fact, as a result of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act, more than 3 million acres of wetlands have been purchased in the United States and Canada over the past 7 years.  Section 3 of this bill is designed to clarify the membership of the North American Wetlands Conservation Council. I am pleased that Ducks Unlimited, which has contributed some$80 million for essential migratory bird wetland projects will continue to serve on the Council in the future.  Mr. Speaker, the House version of this legislation was overwhelmingly adopted on May 19th of this year.  Section 5 of this proposal is the text of my bill, H.R. 2863, the Migratory Bird Treaty Reform Act. This measure was extensively debated on the House on September 10 and adopted by a vote of 322 to 90. Since that time, the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee has conducted a hearing on this bill and reported it favorably.  During these deliberations, the Senate suggested that this bill be changed in several ways. I have incorporated those modifications, which increase the maximum criminal penalties for baiting and direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the effects of changing strict liability to the ``knows or reasonably should have known'' legal standard. In terms of penalties, these are maximum levels and will only be imposed in the most severe and egregious cases.  H.R. 2863 will not allow baiting and will not imperil any migratory bird population. What it will do is allow hunters to simply present evidence in their own defense.  The current strict liability interpretation, if you were there and even a small part or amount of bait is present, you are guilty, it is fundamentally wrong. This violates one of our most basic constitutional protections, that a person is innocent until proven guilty.  Furthermore, the ``knows or reasonably should know'' standard has been effectively used in the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas for over 20 years. During that time, no migratory bird populations have been put at risk, there has been an 88 percent conviction rate in baiting cases and, not surprisingly, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has never attempted to overturn or challenge this legal standard. It is time we provide fairness and equity to migratory bird hunters throughout this country.  Section 6 of the bill incorporates the text of H.R. 2807 and H.R. 3113. These measures were overwhelmingly adopted by the House of Representatives. The fundamental goal is to eliminate the U.S. market for illegally obtained rhino and tiger products and to extend the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Fund. This Fund has supported some 40 conservation projects in 10 range states in Africa and Asia. Without this legislation, these two magnificent species will continue to slide towards extinction.  Finally, the last sections of the bill implement the text of S. 2317. This measure was approved by the other body on September 21. This legislation is designed to make several minor changes in four units of our National Wildlife Refuge System and to reduce the penalties for those individuals who unintentionally violate certain provisions of the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act.  Briefly, this section would remove 37 acres from the Upper Mississippi National Wildlife and Fish Refuge, 1,430 acres from the Kilcohook Coordination Area, and a 634-acre easement from the Lake Elsie National Wildlife Refuge. These lands have lost the wildlife values that led to their inclusion in the system and, therefore, they should be removed.  Finally, this section renames a refuge in the State of Oregon to better reflect the true nature of the unit. In the future it will be called the Klamath Marsh Wildlife Refuge.  This is a good bill, Mr. Speaker. These changes are minor housekeeping matters that are noncontroversial. They have been suggested by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and I find no objection to their enactment.  Mr. Speaker, this is a comprehensive conservation measure that is good for migratory bird hunters, our Refuge System, essential wetland habitat acquisition, and for two of the most endangered species, rhinos and tigers, on earth. Each of these provisions, except for the minor refuge changes, has been fully debated and resoundingly approved by this body, and I urge an ``aye'' on S. 1677.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  