Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. McCollum).  (Mr. McCOLLUM asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, we have embarked on one of the more significant debates this Congress will have in this 2-year period, maybe one of the more significant debates that we can have because we are trying to find a way to resolve concerns we all have about a part of the United States. Make no mistake about it, Puerto Rico is part of the United States.  In my State of Florida, which is right next door, it is a neighbor, it is a veryfriendly neighbor, the people of Puerto Rico are citizens of the United States. There are no Customs checks or boundaries between our country and theirs or my State and Puerto Rico.  Puerto Rico is a Commonwealth. It is a funny kind of status to most of us because we do not think of it in that way very often, at least I do not. I know that anybody who lives in Puerto Rico can come live at my State or Texas or Minnesota or New York, anywhere, any time they want to. That is fine.  Travel is free. People talk to each other all the time. There is a common bond that is there. And I think it is important for us as we debate this bill today to recognize the depth of this relationship and the importance of it and the tenderness of it.  The people of Puerto Rico have sacrificed many times over for the United States. Many men have given their lives in the service of this country from Puerto Rico over the years. We have been partners for years and years and years.  I believe it is very, very important that we give the people of Puerto Rico, as this bill does, an opportunity to determine what they wish us to consider in this Congress in the coming years regarding their future status.  It is not, as has been said before, that this legislation would determine whether or not Puerto Rico were to be a State or not. It is to give to the people of Puerto Rico a plebiscite, a vote, an opportunity to say yes to statehood, we would like you to consider that, Congress, or, no, we would rather stay in the Commonwealth status, or possibly we would rather be independent.  If this is not resolved in favor of statehood or independence now, it provides a vehicle for there to be future opportunities for the people of Puerto Rico to speak out on this issue and to debate all of those things that have been discussed today that need to be debated. There needs to be that kind of debate. That is what it is all about.  Yes, if Puerto Rico becomes a State, there will be expectations on both sides. We need to have a further airing of that. That is what the plebiscite debate in Puerto Rico would be all about.  Certainly assimilation in that broad sense of the word has always been part of the American tradition. But we assimilate immigrants into this country, and Puerto Ricans are not immigrants. They are citizens. But we assimilate immigrants into this country, and, ultimately, make them citizens every year, every day. We have done it since the beginning of the nations history.  We should not be concerned about the challenges involved in it. I do not think either side should be concerned. But we should be open about it. We should discuss it, and we should have a fair debate about it. But above all else, we need to be sure that the people of Puerto Rico get the chance to have that debate first.  So I urge my colleagues in the strongest sort of way to vote for this resolution today to give the Puerto Rican people that opportunity.  I would like to make a couple of comments, too, about who has supported this in the past. We have heard people debate, what did Ronald Reagan or George Bush say about it? Well, when the Puerto Rican statehood plebiscite was being discussed in November 1993, Ronald Reagan said,       My friends, as you consider whether or not you wish to      continue being a part of the United States, I want you to      know one thing, the United States will welcome you with open      arms.       We've always been a land of varied cultural backgrounds and      origins, and we believe firmly that our strength is our      diversity.       There is much Puerto Rico can contribute to our Nation,      which is why I personally favor statehood. We hope you will      join us.       Thank you and God bless you.  So I think that it is important that we understand that the history has been of this Nation that many, many, many people have urged statehood on Puerto Rico in the past. But, again, that is not the purpose of the plebiscite. It is for the people of Puerto Rico to decide that.  We are also going to hear the question about English being discussed out here. The gentleman from New York (Mr. Solomon), a moment ago, was discussing that question.  I favor English as the official language of the United States. I have been a cosponsor of bills to do that for a long time. All 50 States, and if we get a 51st State, the 51st State, too, should abide by that. That should be our official language. We should put it in the statute of the books of this country to say that. But to attach it to this bill sends the wrong signal.  We are interested in seeing Puerto Rico treated as everybody else. If we actually have an official language statute ever become law, and I hope it does, it should apply to all of the territories, the Commonwealths, the possessions of the United States. It should be known that English is the official language of the United States. But I do not believe it should be adopted on this bill today.  I would urge the support for the substitute amendment that I am helping cosponsor later on.  