Mr. Speaker, the motion to instruct conferees is unjustified and just boggles my mind. The motion in effect says the House of Representatives does not believe that helicopter landings in the millions of acres of wilderness areas of Alaska should be permitted. It says that if you're elderly, infirm, or unable to walk, you can't use the aid of a helicopter to see public wilderness areas.  These areas should be open to everyone, not just rugged backcountry hikers.  The provision inserted by Alaska's Senators simply clarifies what we thought helicopter operators should have the right to do: land where they have traditionally landed before such areas were designated as wilderness.  It must be remembered that Alaska has over 50 million acres of wilderness. This is an area half the size of California. If the Federal Government enacted legislation restricting aircraft flight over an area this size in any other State, there would be an outcry.  There has been an outcry in Alaska.  The land management agencies will not recognize the historical use of such aircraft in areas where they clearly operated prior to the passage of ANILCA or the Wilderness Act.  The Wilderness Act and ANILCA provide that helicopters can land in wilderness areas. Here is what section 4(d)(1) of the Wilderness Act says, ``Within wilderness areas designated by this Act the use of aircraft or motorboats, where these uses have already become established, may be permitted to continue subject to such restrictions as the Secretary of Agriculture deems desirable.'' I don't know about anyone else, but ``aircraft'' means airplanes and helicopters.  This is crystal clear, but ANILCA reinforced this further when it allowed valid existing access rights to continue. This is a fair and balanced approach in public lands policy because it doesn't take away rights and privileges that were enjoyed long before Congress designated wilderness in my State.  The problem addressed by the Senate provision is that land management agencies will not even recognize the historical use of helicopters--or any other aircraft like hot air balloons--in areas where they clearly operated prior to wilderness designation. For example, the U.S. Forest Service recently concluded a major record of decision in which it completely prohibited helicopter access to all wilderness areas in the national forests in southeast Alaska.  By doing so, it completely ignored the historical record by which helicopters had operated in these areas for over 40 years. Further, it made this decision even though the preferred alternative of an EIS done by the Forest Service specifically allowed for landings in wilderness areas, pursuant to written law. This was a political decision made in Washington and didn't reflect the record of the NEPA process which carefully analyzed the potential wilderness areas.  Let me describe the silliness of the situation. In these areas it is perfectly legal to land a plane on a river sand bar, or a grassy area, or even on a glacier on skis, but in the same area you cannot land a helicopter or hot air balloon.  Think about it--bureaucrats in Washington decided a fixed-wing airplane which needs hundreds of feet to land will have a worse impact than a helicopter or a hot air balloon, which can land on an area less than 15 feet by 15 feet.  In fact, a helicopter has less impact than a fixed-wing aircraft on the environment in many cases.  My colleagues considering the motion to instruct conferees need to evaluate these facts when they vote. But I want them to think of one more thing.  Helicopters now land in the wilderness--but only when it serves the interest of the government or special interests. Let me give some examples. Helicopters are regularly used to assist mountain climbers in trouble on Denali (also called Mt. McKinley). In fact, the Park Service has a special high-altitude helicopter on stand-by to help them. Another example is when the Park Service quickly issued a special permit for the Chairman of FERC to use a helicopter to land in a wilderness area of Glacier Bay National Park to inspect the area for a potential hydro site.  Federal agencies use helicopters in support of wilderness management. This is reasonable, but it has no less impact than the relatively few helicopter landings by non-federal operators.  The message here is--if you're a government official, enjoy helicopters in the wilderness. If you're a taxpayer--forget it. In their minds, people in wilderness areas are bad--unless you're a government employee.  This motion is wrong, unfair, and misguided, and I strongly urge its defeat.  