Mr. Speaker, I have introduced a bill today in order to aid our Administration in taking responsible action regarding the coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR).  This last May, the US Geological Survey (USGS) released it's petroleum resource assessment of the ``1002 area'' within ANWR. The USGS published that in-place resources could be as high as 31.5 billion barrels of oil. This is orders of magnitude higher than other predictions this Administration has released during this decade. Of course, this 31.5 billion barrel figure does not factor in all of the economic and technological variables that are realities for the industry. However, it demonstrates that there clearly is significant energy potential currently being withheld from the American public by this Administration.  To really understand the energy potential for the Nation within ANWR, we must use the most advanced scientific methods available. The Secretary of the Interior, as our Nation's landlord, clearly has a fiduciary responsibility to gather the maximum amount of information to make an informed decision. Regardless of a person's position on development of the coastal plain, we should all support an understanding of the potential beneath the frozen tundra of this area. By using 3-dimensional seismic testing in the 1002 area of ANWR, we will be able to have a much clearer understanding of this potential.  Currently, there are several significant discoveries on state lands adjacent to the 1002 area of ANWR. These fields could potentially drain the federal mineral estate from their surface occupancy on state lands. This potential drainage could withhold millions of dollars to which the US Treasury and American public are entitled. Without the best science available, this possibility continues to be a significant reality. It is incumbent upon this Administration to safeguard the people's trust and mineral estate. To allow this potential diminishment because of political ideology is unwise and irresponsible.  Even if this legislation were to pass with the few legislative days remaining in this 105th Congress, it will not open ANWR. In fact, sadly so. I feel the coastal plain holds our nation's greatest energy potential and should be opened to sensible development. The reality is this Administration will not allow ANWR to be developed under any circumstances. With this fact, we must fulfill our obligation of scientific understanding and use the best science technology available to estimate the coastal plain's potential. If my fellow Alaskans send me back to represent them as their Chairman, I plan to reintroduce this bill and move it through the legislative process.  This legislation will help accomplish the goal of understanding the coastal plain of ANWR's potential in a non-invasive and environmentally benign manner. Seismic testing examines the sub-surface structure with almost insubstantial effects. The fact is, seismic has already been allowed in this area with negligible impacts. This legislation will allow 3-D seismic into this area for a much more accurate assessment of the resource. We need this kind of understanding while devising a sound national energy strategy for the American people. I look forward to working with the Administration in the 106th Congress while we work to fulfill our obligation to the public and gather the best information by using the most advanced technology available.