I am not yielding.  I am telling the gentleman now that this is a deal this Congress made in 1971 to the Chugach native people. They had to go to court. In 1982, they had a decision from the court that said, yes, they had a right to 78,000 acres of land and a right of easement and it should be granted to them by, and shall be granted by the Forest Service.  And not through the delta, by the way. South of the delta to the Martin River. Nowhere near it. And that is what the court said should be done. The Forest Service, because they did not like that decision, as an agency have drug their feet again and again.  And why did the corporation back away from the Memorandum of Understanding? Because the Forest Service said we do not have the money to do the studies for the right-of-way. So they did the studies. They paid for it. Forest Service did it, but the native corporation paid for it.  Now they say they have got a Memorandum of Understanding and we are going to bring this to a conclusion by December 1. Let me read the gentleman the last page. It says nonenforceable. Nothing herein shall be construed as committing and obligating the United States Forest Service or the United States.  So what this tells me, after we go through this whole thing, this whole understanding, that the Forest Service, because they have not done it since 1982, they are going to say, forget it, American natives. We do not care what Congress has said. We are going to do what we want to do. That is how we are going to conduct our business. Congress does not count.  I had a 500 foot right-of-way, yes, because in Alaska it takes a little more room to build a highway, in that terrain and with the climatic challenges, than it does in the State of New York. But the corporation said they will never have a road wider than a standard road. It will be a two-lane road. It will have public access. And, in fact, the property will revert back to the Forest Service when they are done using it.  Now, the mention of coal being sold to Korea, as if it is an evil thing to sell their own property. For the gentleman's information, they are not going to mine that coal. What they want to do is develop some timber. Yes, they want to do that as their right.  So I am going to suggest that the gentleman's amendment is mischievous. It, in fact, is evil, because he is going against the intent of this Congress and the American native people that owned this land long before he was born. In fact, the gentleman ought to be ashamed of himself. What he is trying to do to these people is really wrong. * * * He is going back on the word of this Congress against the first citizens of this great Nation. It was their land, and the gentleman wants to take away their right that this Congress gave them under an act.  That just blows my mind, that someone from New York State, that has never been there, has never seen this area, never talked to the people can, in fact, promote something that has been given to him by one of the wilderness associations that promotes its ill will in this capital every day. No honesty, no direct influence at all, other than the fact that they think this is wrong.  I am ashamed, in fact, to see an amendment like this against the people of the great State of Alaska.  