 Mr. Bounds, who, if confirmed, would serve on a Ninth Circuit seat in the State of Oregon, has received zero blue slips. He is opposed by both Senators from the State in which he would sit if confirmed.  Never before in the 100-year history of blue slips has a nominee been confirmed over the opposition of both home-State Senators. The Republican majority is setting a precedent here, and all of our home States are at risk of being impacted by this.  By moving this nominee without blue slips, Republicans are diminishing the voice that home-State constituents have through their Senators in the process of selecting judges in their States.  Let me make it clear to my Republican colleagues: If you vote to confirm Ryan Bounds, you are consenting to a precedent that is likely to affect your state someday. Consider your vote carefully.  It is hard to understand why my Republican colleagues would abandon the blue slip for the sake of this particular nominee. Mr. Bounds has written and published articles that should disqualify him from consideration for a Federal judgeship.  Consider how the Multnomah Bar Association in Oregon--a bar association that Mr. Bounds has belonged to for 12 years--described Mr. Bounds' articles in a statement after the writings were revealed.  The association said Bounds' writings ``express insensitive, intolerant, and disdaining views toward racial and ethnic minorities, campus sexual assault victims, and the LGBTQ community.''  The statement went on to say that the bar association ``strongly disavows the views expressed in those articles as racist, misogynistic, homophobic and disparaging of survivors of sexual assault and abuse.''  Mr. Bounds' writings, which he published in college, included his discussions about the ``more strident racial factions of the student body.''  His writings mocked LGBTQ students for being sensitive when a group of drunk athletes vandalized a statue celebrating gay pride.  He mocked Latino students for being overly sensitive when they complained about the termination of a Latino administrator.  Then he wrote this, in an article about sexual assault on campus: ``There is really nothing inherently wrong with the University failing to punish an alleged rapist--regardless his guilt--in the absence of adequate certainty; there is nothing that the University can do to objectively ensure that the rapist does not strike again. Only the legal system can do that, and if it lacks the certainty to do so, it is not necessarily up to the University to stick it to the suspect, anyway, just in case. Expelling students is probably not going to contribute a great deal toward a rape victim's recovery; there is no moral imperative to risk egregious error in doing so.''  Not only did Mr. Bounds publish these writings, but he chose not to share his writings with Oregon's judicial selection committee even though the committee had asked him to disclose any potentially controversial materials.  Mr. Bounds said he didn't think he needed to disclose any information to the committee that preceded his time at law school.  As Senators Wyden and Merkley pointed out in a letter to Chairman Grassley, Mr. Bounds did share with the Oregon committee information about his high school days. He just conveniently left out his intolerant publications from college.  As Senators Wyden and Merkley said in their letter, ``Mr. Bounds' failure to disclose these writings, and the nature of these writings themselves, demonstrate a substantial lack of judgment that is unsuitable for a nominee for a lifetime appointment.''  This is not a close call. The Senate should not be moving forward with Mr. Bounds' nomination on process or substance.  Republicans are failing to be responsible stewards of nominations. The fact that Senate Republicans are moving forward with this nomination is a troubling sign for how Republicans will handle the Supreme Court vacancy.  All too often, Senate Republicans are failing to serve as a meaningful check and balance on President Trump when it comes to nominations.  Last week, 50 Senate Republicans voted to confirm an unqualified lawyer who had represented a suspicious Russian bank as the head of the Justice Department's Criminal Division.  This week Republicans already voted to confirm Andrew Oldham, a 39-year-old circuit court nominee who refused to say whether he thought Brown v. Board of Education was correctly decided and who has described the Supreme Court as ``the most dangerous branch.''  Now, Senate Republicans are looking to confirm Mr. Bounds, who has shown terrible judgment with his published writings and with his failure to be forthcoming about them.  Senators have a constitutional obligation to scrutinize these nominees and to vote no if the nominees lack the experience, temperament, or judgment to be a fair and impartial judge. The Senate should not be a rubberstamp, but under President Trump, all too often, it has been.  I know Senate Republicans like to say it is unfair to nominees if we hold them accountable for their records. My Republican colleagues have been coming to the floor, day after day, complaining about what they see as unfair scrutiny of the Kavanaugh Supreme Court nomination.  Do they have amnesia? I would remind them that no Supreme Court nominee in history has ever has been treated worse than Merrick Garland was treated by Senate Republicans in 2016. Senator McConnell wouldn't even allow Judge Garland a hearing or the courtesy of a meeting.  The treatment of Merrick Garland was unprecedented, and it was disrespectful. His record and reputation were torn apart by Republicans who never gave him a chance to respond in an open hearing. Even Judge Bork got a hearing and a vote.  I hope my Republican colleagues are not going to simply rubberstamp President Trump's nominees. So many of these nominees are extreme. We need to review their full records and consider them carefully before voting to confirm them for life.  I have carefully considered Mr. Bounds' nomination, and I will vote no. I urge my colleagues in both parties to join me.  