President, first, let me thank my colleague from South Carolina. We have worked together for years, mainly on this issue. I want to tell you that he has demonstrated extraordinary insight and extraordinary courage time and again. I know we wouldn't even be standing here in this conversation without him.  Lindsey, thank you. I know some of the challenges that I have put before you made life more difficult, and I hope you understand that I always knew you wanted to come to yes, you always wanted to fix this problem.  One of the things that you said that I would like to share is the passion we feel on this side of the aisle for the security of America. This morning, I wasinvited for a breakfast with Secretary Mattis at the Department of Defense. I was happy to vote for his confirmation. He is another patriot, a man who served as a four-star general in the Marine Corps. I respect him very much, and I want to help him.  As the ranking member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I know what these dollar figures mean. It isn't just numbers on a page. We are talking about what Secretary Mattis told us this morning. A delay, another CR--the fourth CR this year--costs the Pentagon millions of dollars--millions of dollars to maintain the same spending level they had last year. That is wasteful.  How many families across America say: I am going to write exactly the same checks in January 2018 that I wrote in January 2017. That is mindless, and that is where you are with a CR. We just keep repeating the same things over and over at great expense.  We owe it to the Department of Defense, we owe it to the men and women of the military, and we owe it to the people we represent to keep this Nation safe.  I agree with Senator Graham. We cannot ignore that there are other things that are priorities and have importance. In the nondefense area, to think that we would shortchange the Department of State--an agency of government which you have responsibility for in the Appropriations Committee--is a shortsighted effort that even Secretary Mattis would be quick to say makes no sense at all. We should be giving our Department of State the resources and people they need to make sure we are dealing at the area of diplomacy as opposed to war. That is just one example. Add the FBI. Add the Department of Homeland Security. They all need to be properly funded.  We cannot run the Government of the United States of America--the strongest and biggest economy in the world, one of the most powerful nations in the world--lurching from week to week and month to month without a budget. For goodness' sake, I plead with the Republican leadership in the House and the Senate, give us something we can work on together. A good place to start this--look for bipartisanship. There are Democrats willing to sit down and work with you to solve the problems. But when we are given a ``take it or leave it'' budget proposal for 4 weeks at a time, it is a terrible way to run a country. I hope the leaders come to that same conclusion.  Let me zero in on the issue that brings most of us to the floor tonight, which was addressed by Senator Graham. I have been at this for a while, a long while. My goal is to make sure that those who were brought to this country as children, who grew up in this country and, as Bob Menendez has said so forcefully and effectively, pledged allegiance to that flag every morning in the classrooms across America--I have been fighting for years to give them a chance to be part of America, the only country many of them have ever known. It has been a struggle.  When I couldn't pass the Dream Act or get 60 votes in the Senate, I went to President Obama and begged him to help, and he did. He created DACA. By Presidential Executive order, he created an opportunity for ultimately 780,000 young people to step up and get protection from deportation and the right to legally work in America. It has been an amazing experience.  As Senator Graham said, it is hard to pick any large population in this country and not end up with some people who would embarrass you or some bad apples, but I will tell you consistently, over and over again, these young people, these Dreamers, these young people protected by DACA, have shown us over and over again why they have earned our confidence and trust. They worked so hard to be part of this country.  Those of us who were lucky enough to be born here never went through what they have gone through--learning that you are undocumented, realizing the doors are closed automatically no matter how good you are and how hard you work--and they kept at it. I want to tell you, we should be proud of them, and we should embrace them as the future of America because they bring so many talents, skills, and good values to our country.  With the DACA Program in place and all the people protected, the new President came in and said: I am going to end it. On September 5 of last year, he announced that it would end as of March 5 this year, and as of October 1, they would stop renewing the DACA protection.  What has happened is that 16,000 of these DACA-protected young people have fallen out of protected status. Luckily, a California court last week said: Keep protecting them until we resolve some of the issues. So they have a temporary, momentary protective order that they can turn to when it comes to this California decision, but there is no certainty of what happens next.  When I hear Senator McConnell and others come to the floor and say there is no hurry, I invite them to meet some of these young people. I met a group in New York. There were about 12 of them in college, DACA-protected. They are working to get through college because they don't qualify for any program assistance because they are undocumented. As they went around the room, they said: Senator, we want to each tell you something.  Five hundred days.  Four hundred and twenty days.  Each one of them was telling me how many days they have left of DACA protection before they were subject to deportation and could no longer legally work in America. To say there is no hurry is to overlook the obvious. These young people are torn apart. Their families are torn apart because of our lack of action.  Senator Graham and I decided to do something about it, and we invited some good friends to join us. On the Democratic side, Michael Bennet of Colorado and Robert Menendez of New Jersey--we have been through this war before when we worked on comprehensive immigration reform. On the Republican side, Senator Gardner of Colorado; Senator Flake of Arizona, who is on the floor; and Senator Graham. And we worked at it for a long, long time. We had moments that looked like we were going to fall apart and never reach a conclusion, and we finally came together.  Last Tuesday, a week ago, when the President invited 26 of us to the White House and made his plea that we do something, we decided to sit down and do it, and we did. In a matter of 24 to 48 hours, we reached a final agreement on this bipartisan approach to deal with this issue of DACA. That is what we presented to the President when we went to the White House last Thursday.  I couldn't agree with Senator Graham more that the President of last Tuesday is the one we need again--that President who said to us that what we are doing is an act of love; that President who said to us: Send me a bill. I will sign it, and I will take the political heat; that President who agreed with us that you couldn't do everything in immigration reform in one bill but you had to divide it. He agreed with that. I agree with him. That is the way we should move forward.  I hope the President listens to Senator Graham and others in his own party and steps up and helps us finish this responsibility.  Let me say a word or two about another effort underway. At that meeting 8 days ago, Tuesday of last week in the White House, there was a suggestion that the leaders in the Senate and the House, both parties, should sit down and see if they can come up with an alternative. That was headed up by Kevin McCarthy of California. I like him. I don't know him well. I have not worked with him on many things. But I will tell you he is a positive person. He is trying to come to a conclusion on something that might work, and we met today in his office to talk about it. At the meeting was Senator Cornyn of Texas, who is the whip of the Republican Senators; myself; and Steny Hoyer, the Democratic whip of the House of Representatives. With us were Gen. John Kelly and Secretary Nielsen of the Department of Homeland Security. We met for about an hour and a half. It was the first attempt at a substantive meeting that we had had since this group started meeting 5 days ago. In the meantime, our staff had met four or five times, but this was the first time that Senators and Congressmen had sat down across the table. Needless to say--and no surprise to all of us because we have been throughthis so many times--we really couldn't agree on the basics of how we were to get started here.  I said to Congressman McCarthy, the Republican leader in the House: This is hard work. This is heavy lifting. This takes time. People have to be convinced and have a chance to state their points of view. We don't have that much time. We are dealing with a deadline of January 19, and that happens to be just around the corner, 2 days away. We are also dealing with a deadline of March 5, which, sadly, could be a deadline, if we fail to meet it, that could see many people's lives changed.  I have continued to meet with this group, but I tell them over and over: We already have a bill here in the Senate. We have a bipartisan bill.  We addressed all of the issues that the President raised when we had our meeting in the White House on Tuesday of last week. This is a starting point. In fact, I think it is a good end point for us to point at.  Let me thank Senator Graham for expanding the number of Republican sponsors. I do the math in the Senate. I have said that, as the whip of the Senate, I learned all of the skills I needed for this job in the first grade--how to count to 60. That is what it takes, many times in the Senate, to move controversial issues forward.  We have 49 Democratic Senators. I believe they are all prepared to vote for this compromise that we have before us, this bipartisan compromise. As of today, we have seven Republicans who have joined us in this effort. The math is simple. We have 56 Senators who are ready to move forward on this issue. It will only take four more, and I believe they are there. I have spoken to Republican Senators who have said: Maybe I cannot sponsor it, but I sure want to see it pass.  I think, ultimately, if we are given a chance to vote on this measure and move it forward, we can do it on a bipartisan basis. It will be one of the few times--rare times--that it will happen around this Chamber. In doing that, we are going to solve the problem that the President challenged us with--to replace DACA. It is a good approach, the one that we put together. I don't like all of it, but that is what compromise is all about.  I hope that my colleagues will join me in a bipartisan effort to make sure that before we go home this week, we move forward on this DACA issue so that we can say to these young people: We hear you; we literally feel your pain; and we want to be there to make sure you have a future in America.  I yield the floor.  