President, I was a senior in college at Georgetown University when I received a chance opportunity that literally changed my life. Paul Douglas, a great Senator from my home State of Illinois, hired me on as an intern in his office here in the U.S. Senate. I was just a kid from East Saint Louis, IL, the son of an immigrant mother, who was suddenly surrounded by Senators debating some of the most profound questions in our Nation's history.  I used to come to the Gallery of the Senate as a student and observe the proceedings of the Senate, never dreaming that there would be a day when I would actually stand on the floor of the U.S. Senate. I couldn't believe my good fortune as a visitor to watch people like Mike Mansfield, Everett Dirksen from my State, Paul Douglas from Illinois, William Fulbright, Margaret Chase Smith, and so many others come to the floor and speak in debate.  I remember sitting right there as a college student and watching. Through the door came Bobby Kennedy, and not far behind was his brother Ted Kennedy, both of them serving in the U.S. Senate in those days. It was an important occasion, I remember, on this one day because Bobby Kennedy was about to give a speech on Vietnam. His wife and Ted Kennedy's wife were seated in the Gallery just above them. I was just over here, I am sure with my mouth wide open, saying: I can't believe this moment that I am here to witness.  I remember the moment today because today is the 50th anniversary of the day an assassin's bullet ended Bobby Kennedy's too-short life.  For millions who remember him and many millions more who weren't even born in 1968, the death of Robert Kennedy remains a painful and haunting loss. What we miss is not simply the man; we miss his intelligence and wit, his compassion, his fierce commitment to justice and democracy, and his deep faith that Americans could come together to overcome difficult times and make our Nation stronger and better.  Just 2 months--2 months--before Bobby Kennedy was murdered, America lost another apostle of peace and justice. 