President, we recently heard a farewell speech from my colleague and friend, Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri. I grew up across the river from St. Louis in the town of East St. Louis, IL, and feel a familiarity with Missouri and St. Louis probably more than most residents of my State. We have had many great reminisces about the city and her life, and I wanted to say a few words on the floor today as she ends her service in the U.S. Senate.  My boyhood hero was Stan Musial--``Stan the Man''--St. Louis Cardinals Hall of Famer and one of greatest ball players who ever lived. He retired in 1963 holding National League career marks for games played, at-bats, and hits. Asked to describe the habits that kept him in baseball for so long, Musial once said: ``Get eight hours of sleep regularly. Keep your weight down, run a mile a day. If you must smoke, try light cigars. Then cut down on inhaling.''  ``One last thing,'' he added: ``Make it a point to bat .300.''  Claire McCaskill has always brought the same sort of natural-born talent and relentless work ethic to public service that Stan Musial--``Stan the Man''--brought to baseball in St. Louis. She has stood for office 24 times--lost twice. That makes her batting average considerably better than .300.  Five years ago, Senator McCaskill and I teamed up to suggest a name for a beautiful new bridge that spanned the mighty Mississippi River between her State of Missouri and mine of Illinois, near St. Louis. Thanks to Claire's leadership, it is called the Stan Musial Veterans Memorial Bridge. Locals all call it the Stan Span for short. It is a well-deserved, fitting tribute to my boyhood hero and a fitting tribute to Claire McCaskill's tenacity.  In an age of hyperpartisanship, Claire McCaskill is a bridge builder. She doesn't ask whether ideas come from the left or the right; she asks whether they will work. Like her own political hero, Harry Truman, she is a straight talker, and she can be a bulldog when it comes to demanding accountability for the people who pay for this government and those who rely on it. She has cast historic and heroic votes on the Senate floor. She voted for an economic stimulus package that helped prevent a second Great Depression. She voted to create the Affordable Care Act--one of the most important social and economic justice laws of our lifetime.  One story about Claire McCaskill seems especially telling. Nearly 2 years ago, she was ready to vote to confirm Neil Gorsuch, a Trump appointee, to the U.S. Supreme Court. In Missouri, a red State, that was a pretty good vote for her politically. But when she met privately with then-Judge Gorsuch, she asked him about a case in which he had ruled that a trucking company was within its rights when it fired a driver who left his broken-down truck briefly on a sub-zero night to find help.  Senator McCaskill asked Judge Gorsuch: Did you ever think about what you would do if you had been that truckdriver?  The judge said: No.  Senator McCaskill changed her vote to no. It cost her politically, but that is the kind of Senator Claire McCaskill is. Her idea of governing is to spend money wisely, punish misbehavior, and give people what they need in order to get through their daily lives. She has been a voice for truckdrivers and farmers and factory workers and a lot of ordinary people who work hard and still struggle to pay their bills. She has been a fearless champion of my Dreamers, and for that I will forever be grateful. Her votes to help these young people always were risky politically, but she never ever flinched. I will forever be in her debt for her show of courage on that one issue.  Incidentally, she showed the same courage and compassion when calling for an end to this administration's cruel policy of separating immigrant families at our border.  This past year, she used her influence as ranking member of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee to investigate the causes of the opioid epidemic devastating America. That investigation showed how pharmaceutical companies knowingly sold dangerous and addictive pain killers in order to maximize profit. She worked diligently on a bipartisan basis to ensure passage of a law that will help combat the opioid epidemic and provide treatment for those who are addicted. And she has never ever wavered in her efforts to protect Americans with preexisting medical conditions.  Results, not just rhetoric--that is Claire McCaskill.  As Stan Musial approached the plate for the last time before he retired, legendary sportscaster Harry Caray said: ``Take a look, fans. Take a good long look. Remember the swing and the stance. We won't see his like again.''  As Senator McCaskill leaves the Senate, take a look. Remember Claire McCaskill and her personal brand of Missouri courage. May we all try to be bridge builders, as she has been.  I yield the floor.  