President, I rise today, on this side of the aisle, to thank my friend Senator Cochran.  Yesterday, I made a longer speech in the Congressional Record, but I didn't want this moment to go by without tributes from both sides of the aisle while you are personally present on the floor.  My relationship with Senator Cochran was fortuitous. There used to be two giants in the Senate--Ted Stevens and Danny Inouye--and forever and ever they were the two, a Democrat and Republican--who were in charge of the Department of Defense Appropriations bill, and we bowed to their knowledge and wisdom. Then the day came when they were both gone, and the new people stepping in were Thad Cochran and Dick Durbin.  I felt totally undeserving to be given that responsibility, and certainly could never follow the act of Danny Inouye, as great as he was in serving our country, both in the military and the U.S. Senate, and Thad had the responsibility of following Ted Stevens as the Defense Committee chair.  While we both knew we were being held to high standards as people compared us, as they inevitably would, the thing we decided to do from the beginning was to do it together--to learn on the job and to work together. It really hearkens back to a Senate that I remember--and I am sure Senator Shelby and others remember--when we first got here, when the Appropriations Committee assignments were really bipartisan assignments, start to finish.  My work on the Defense Subcommittee with Thad Cochran was bipartisan from the start. It always was. There was mutual respect. If I ever had an issue, I could go to him. He knew the same thing was true, if there was an issue related to his concerns or the State of Mississippi, he could come to me. We never ever set out to trouble or embarrass one another publicly. We tried to always have a good, positive working relationship. The very few disagreements we had were behind closed doors and usually resolved behind closed doors. It really was the Senate I was elected to and the one I miss today. We need more of it.  Thad Cochran, you made it easy when you were chairman of the Defense Committee for this ranking Democrat to be an active partner of yours in doing some important things. I think we accepted our responsibility and did our level best; I think our American national defense is stronger today because of it; and I am lucky because I had a good friend, good mentor, and good colleague by my side.  I wish you the very best. If you want a longer version of this speech, it was given in the Record yesterday, so you could take it home and read it, if you would like.  I thank you again for being such a great Senator, a great representative of your State of Mississippi, and a great colleague when it came to our appropriations work.  