President, last night, in the San Diego Federal District Court, U.S. district court judge Dana Sabraw made a critical ruling that will affect the lives of thousands of people who have been the focal point of America's attention over the last several weeks.  Judge Sabraw was appointed to the Federal bench by President George W. Bush. In reading about him online, he is a Japanese American whose background was in private practice law before he assumed the Federal bench.  He was given the responsibility of ruling on the Trump administration's zero tolerance policy. You will remember that policy. It started in April. It was a decision by the Trump administration and Attorney General Sessions to separate children from their mothers and parents if they attempted to enter the United States without having legal authorization. The net result of that policy was the separation of thousands of children from their parents.  It has been on the news almost every day for weeks now. A firestorm of opposition has come about on both political sides of the aisle. Democrats and Republicans have said this is unfair; that it is not right. Even the First Ladies--Democrats and Republicans--have come together in an unusual show of unanimity in their opposition to President Trump and Attorney General Sessions' zero tolerance policy.  Attorney General Sessions defended the policy and said he had a Biblical defense for what they were doing. President Trump made it clear he was behind the policy as well. Yet the opposition grew and grew in its intensity to the point at which there were statements made by the Pope, as well as by an evangelical supporter of the President, Franklin Graham, when they called the administration's decision immoral.  Late last week, President Trump issued an Executive order that said he was ending this family separation, but that order didn't contain one word about what was going to happen to these children. There was no resolution of the whole question of reuniting these children with their parents.  I learned about this matter months ago--well, several weeks ago, at least--when we learned that a mother from the Congo had made it through South America and Central America to our border in California. She presented herself with her 6-year-old daughter and asked for asylum because she feared persecution and death back in her home country. That happened over 6 months ago. They removed her 6-year-old daughter from her custody and flew the girl 2,000 miles to Chicago. So the mother remained in San Diego, and the daughter was in Chicago. That was when we learned about it in my office.  We started pursuing it. After we brought it to the attention of those at the Department of Homeland Security, they said that was not the policy, and they were going to work on it. They did reunite the mother and child, but the separation of this family led to this lawsuit, the lawsuit Judge Sabraw ruled on last night.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the opinion of the court be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Judge Sabraw's order begins as follows:       ``Eleven weeks ago, Plaintiffs leveled the serious      accusation that our Government was engaged in a widespread      practice of separating migrant families, and placing minor      children who were separated from their parents in government      facilities for ``unaccompanied minors.'' According to      Plaintiffs, the practice was applied indiscriminately, and      separated even those families with small children and      infants--many of whom were seeking asylum. Plaintiffs noted      reports that the practice would become national policy.      Recent events confirm these allegations. Extraordinary relief      is requested, and is warranted under the circumstances.       On May 7, 2018, the Attorney General of the United States      announced a ``zero tolerance policy,'' under which all adults      entering the United States illegally would be subject to      criminal prosecution, and if accompanied by a minor child,      the child would be separated from the parent. Over the      ensuing weeks, hundreds of migrant children were separated      from their parents, sparking international condemnation of      the practice. Six days ago on June 20, 2018, the President of      the United States signed an Executive Order (``EO'') to      address the situation and to require preservation of the      ``family unit'' by keeping migrant families together during      criminal and immigration proceedings to the extent permitted      by law, while also maintaining ``rigorous[]'' enforcement of      immigration laws. See Executive Order, Affording Congress an      Opportunity to Address Family Separation Sec. 1, 2018 WL      3046068 (June 20, 2018). The EO did not address reunification      of the burgeoning population of over 2,000 children separated      from their parents. Public outrage remained at a fever pitch.      Three days ago on Saturday, June 23, 2018, the Department of      Homeland Security (``DHS'') issued a ``Fact Sheet'' outlining      the government's efforts to ``ensure that those adults who      are subject to removal are reunited with their children for      the purposes of removal.''       Plaintiffs assert the EO does not eliminate the need for      the requested injunction, and the Fact Sheet does not address      the circumstances of this case. Defendants disagree with      those assertions, but there is no genuine dispute that the      Government was not prepared to accommodate the mass influx of      separated children. Measures were not in place to provide for      communication between governmental agencies responsible for      detaining parents and those responsible for housing children,      or to provide for ready communication between separated      parents and children. There was no reunification plan in      place, and families have been separated for months. Some      parents were deported at separate times and from different      locations than their children. Migrant families that lawfully      entered the United States at a port of entry seeking asylum      were separated. And families that were separated due to      entering the United States illegally between ports of entry      have not been reunited following the parent's completion of      criminal proceedings and return to immigration detention.       This Court previously entered an order finding Plaintiffs      had stated a legally cognizable claim for violation of their      substantive due process rights to family integrity under the      Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution based on      their allegations the Government had separated Plaintiffs      from their minor children while Plaintiffs were held in      immigration detention and without a showing that they were      unfit parents or otherwise presented a danger to their      children. See Ms. L. v. U.S. Immigration & Customs Enf't, 302      F. Supp. 3d 1149, 2018 WL 2725736, at *7-12 (S.D. Cal. June      6, 2018). A class action has been certified to include      similarly situated migrant parents. Plaintiffs now request      classwide injunctive relief to prohibit separation of class      members from their children in the future absent a finding      the parent is unfit or presents a danger to the child, and to      require reunification of these families once the parent is      returned to immigration custody unless the parent is      determined to be unfit or presents a danger to the child.       Plaintiffs have demonstrated a likelihood of success on the      merits, irreparable harm, and that the balance of equities      and the public interest weigh in their favor, thus warranting      issuance of a preliminary injunction. This Order does not      implicate the Government's discretionary authority to enforce      immigration or other criminal laws, including its decisions      to release or detain class members. Rather, the Order      addresses only the circumstances under which the Government      may separate class members from their children, as well as      the reunification of class members who are returned to      immigration custody upon completion of any criminal      proceedings.''       Judge Sabraw went on to explain why an injunction was      needed despite the Trump Administration's claims that it was      unnecessary. He said:       ``[T]he Court addresses directly Defendants' argument that      an injunction is not necessary here in light of the EO and      the recently released Fact Sheet. Although these documents      reflect some attempts by the Government to address some of      the issues in this case, neither obviates the need for      injunctive relief here. As indicated throughout this Order,      the EO is subject to various qualifications. For instance,      Plaintiffs correctly assert the EO allows the government to      separate a migrant parent from his or her child ``where there      is a concern that detention of an alien child with the      child's alien parent would pose a risk to the child's      welfare.'' EO Sec. 3(b) (emphasis added). Objective standards      are necessary, not subjective ones, particularly in light of      the history of this case. Furthermore, the Fact Sheet focuses      on reunification ``at time of removal[,]'' stating that the      parent slated for removal will be matched up with their child      at a location in Texas and then removed. It says nothing      about reunification during the intervening time between      return from criminal proceedings to ICE detention or the time      in ICE detention prior to actual removal, which can take      months. Indeed, it is undisputed ``ICE has no plans or      procedures in place to reunify the parent with the child      other than arranging for them to be deported together after      the parent's immigration case is concluded.'' Thus, neither      of these directives eliminates the need for an injunction in      this case.''       Judge Sabraw went on to say:       ``The Executive Branch, which is tasked with enforcement of      the country's criminal and immigration laws, is acting within      its powers to detain individuals lawfully entering the United      States and to apprehend individuals illegally entering the      country. However, as the Court explained in its Order on      Defendants' motion to dismiss, the right to family integrity      still applies here. The context of the family separation      practice at issue here, namely an international border, does      not render the practice constitutional, nor does it shield      the practice from judicial review.''       The judge went on to discuss the shameful lack of planning      that has characterized the Trump Administration's zero-     tolerance policy, saying:       ``[T]he practice of separating these families was      implemented without any effective system or procedure for (1)      tracking the children after they were separated from their      parents, (2) enabling communication between the parents and      their children after separation, and (3) reuniting the      parents and children after the parents are returned to      immigration custody following completion of their criminal      sentence. This is a startling reality. The government readily      keeps track of personal property of detainees in criminal and      immigration proceedings. Money, important documents, and      automobiles, to name a few, are routinely catalogued, stored,      tracked and produced upon a detainees' release, at all      levels--state and federal, citizen and alien. Yet, the      government has no system in place to keep track of, provide      effective communication with, and promptly produce alien      children. The unfortunate reality is that under the present      system migrant children are not accounted for with the same      efficiency and accuracy as property. Certainly, that cannot      satisfy the requirements of due process.''       He also discussed the Trump Adminstration's problematic      treatment of those seeking asylum:       ``Asylum seekers like Ms. L. and many other class members      may be fleeing persecution and are entitled to careful      consideration by government officials. Particularly so if      they have a credible fear of persecution. We are a country of      laws, and of compassion. We have plainly stated our intent to      treat refugees with an ordered process, and benevolence, by      codifying principles of asylum. The Government's treatment of      Ms. L. and other similarly situated class members does not      meet this standard, and it is unlikely to pass constitutional      muster.''       Judge Sabraw concluded his order as follows:       ``The unfolding events--the zero tolerance policy, EO and      DHS Fact Sheet--serve to corroborate Plaintiffs' allegations.      The facts set forth before the Court portray reactive      governance--responses to address a chaotic circumstance of      the Government's own making. They belie measured and ordered      governance, which is central to the concept of due process      enshrined in our Constitution. This is particularly so in the      treatment of migrants, many of whom are asylum seekers and      small children. The extraordinary remedy of classwide      preliminary injunction is warranted based on the evidence      before the Court. For the reasons set out above, the Court      hereby GRANTS Plaintiffs' motion for classwide preliminary      injunction, and finds and orders as follows:       (1) Defendants, and their officers, agents, servants,      employees, attorneys, and all those who are in active concert      or participation with them, are preliminarily enjoined from      detaining Class Members in DHS custody without and apart from      their minor children, absent a determination that the parent      is unfit or presents a danger to the child, unless the parent      affirmatively, knowingly, and voluntarily declines to be      reunited with the child in DHS custody.       (2) If Defendants choose to release Class Members from DHS      custody, Defendants, and their officers, agents, servants,      employees and attorneys, and all those who are in active      concert or participation with them, are preliminary enjoined      from continuing to detain the minor children of the Class      Members and must release the minor child to the custody of      the Class Member, unless there is a determination that the      parent is unfit or presents a danger to the child, or the      parent affirmatively, knowingly, and voluntarily declines to      be reunited with the child.       (3) Unless there is a determination that the parent is      unfit or presents a danger to the child, or the parent      affirmatively, knowingly, and voluntarily declines to be      reunited with the child: (a) Defendants must reunify all      Class Members with their minor children who are under the age      of five (5) within fourteen (14) days of the entry of this      Order; and (b) Defendants must reunify all Class Members with      their minor children age five (5) and over within thirty (30)      days of the entry of this Order.       (4) Defendants must immediately take all steps necessary to      facilitate regular communication between Class Members and      their children who remain in ORR custody, ORR foster care, or      DHS custody. Within ten (10) days, Defendants must provide      parents telephonic contact with their children if the parent      is not already in contact with his or her child.       (5) Defendants must immediately take all steps necessary to      facilitate regular communication between and among all      executive agencies responsible for the custody, detention or      shelter of Class Members and the custody and care of their      children, including at least ICE, CBP, BOP, and ORR,      regarding the location and well-being of the Class Members'      children.       (6) Defendants, and their officers, agents, servants,      employees, attorneys, and all those who are in active concert      or participation with them, are preliminarily enjoined from      removing any Class Members without their child, unless the      Class Member affirmatively, knowingly, and voluntarily      declines to be reunited with the child prior to the Class      Member's deportation, or there is a determination that the      parent is unfit or presents a danger to the child.       (7) This Court retains jurisdiction to entertain such      further proceedings and to enter such further orders as may      be necessary or appropriate to implement and enforce the      provisions of this Order and Preliminary Injunction.''  