President, today I wish to engage in a colloquy with Senator Portman to speak about section 5052 of H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act.  Section 5052 of H.R. 6 takes a long-overdue step of lifting the ``Institutions for Mental Disease,'' or IMD, exclusion for individuals with a diagnosis of substance use disorder. For more than half a century, this arcane provision has restricted access to care for patients struggling with addiction by prohibiting Medicaid from reimbursing for residential substance abuse treatment in facilities with more than 16 beds.  Sixteen beds? That might suffice in some parts of the country, but certainly not in many Illinois communities suffering from the opioid epidemic. I have visited facilities down in Carbondale, IL, where they told me they have hundreds of people waiting for treatment and a 12-week wait for an open bed. We don't restrict cancer or diabetes or heart disease patients to only receiving care in certain-sized facilities, and we should not do the same for substance use disorders.  In the face of the Nation's worst ever drug overdose epidemic, this Federal law has prohibited treatment centers from expanding services to accommodate the growing demand for recovery services and blocking an entire class of high-quality providers from providing care. It is unacceptable.  For years, I have worked in a bipartisan manner to lift this IMD exclusion. I have led bipartisan groups of Senators in writing to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CMS, urging them to provide flexibility from this treatment barrier and also worked to ensure Illinois's section 1115 Medicaid waiver includes authority to partially waive the IMD exclusion.  I have also worked on legislation for multiple years to lift the IMD exclusion for individuals with a diagnosis of substance use disorder. I first reintroduced the Medicaid CARE Act in a prior Congress and then last year teamed up with Senators Portman, Brown, King, and others to reintroduce the legislation, which lifted the bed cap from 16 beds to 40 beds and allowed for up to 60 days of residential treatment if it was deemed medically necessary. Later, we joined to introduce the Improving CARE Act, which removed the bed cap altogether, allowed for inpatient stays for up to 90 days, and introduced measures to ensure that patients would have access to all necessary treatments, in the highest quality facilities, with a plan for successful transitions to outpatient and community-based care.  Section 5052 of the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act took much of our proposal from the Improving CARE Act, including ensuring that we lift the IMD exclusion for individuals with all diagnoses of substance use disorder and improving the array of patient treatment options when seeking care. This work will have an incredible impact on improving access to care in my State and nationwide, and I would like to thank all of our bipartisan colleagues who helped to secure this important language to break down the IMD exclusion.  Unfortunately, section 5052 does not include a policy that matters a lot to me and my colleagues: directly allowing for eligible individuals seekingsuch care to stay up to 90 days in a facility for treatment. Inpatient and residential stays for substance use disorder treatment should by no means be indefinite, and I believe that individuals should seek outpatient treatment as quickly as possible so that they can return to their homes and communities. However, section 5052 raises the statutory length of stay for only 30 days, which in many cases is insufficient for individuals that need more intensive treatment for their substance use disorder.  I know Senator Portman is going to discuss this further, but section 5052 includes language defining eligibility under this new authority to include Medicaid enrollees enrolled under a State plan or a waiver of such plan. Given that Illinois and other States do have Medicaid 1115 waivers to provide substance use disorder treatment in IMDs, I want to affirm that this new statutory authority for 30 days of care can be woven seamlessly together with separate State waivers to maximize the length of stay for patients to include additional days under a waiver.  