Patrick's Day. They color the Chicago River green. Everybody wears green. There are great parades, great celebrations. I look forward to it each year--going back to my parish, Old St. Pat's, for mass and celebration and having a wonderful day of a lot of good feelings.  During the course of the St. Patrick's Day Parade, I walked along with various groups who were going to march and came upon the Chicago Police Department's bagpipe and drum band. I noticed that the banner they were carrying for the day was in honor of a wonderful man by the name of Commander Paul Bauer.  Paul Bauer, a commander of the Chicago police force, was downtown in the Loop of Chicago on February 13. He was attending an important meeting, and he heard over his radio that a fugitive was trying to escape. He dropped what he was doing, joined in, and participated in trying to catch this fugitive. He was cornered in the stairwell by this man and shot dead. The man who shot him got off six rounds and killed this wonderful man who had served not only the city of Chicago but our Nation in his role with law enforcement. He left behind a young wife and beautiful teenage daughter. He was from the Bridgeport community of Chicago, and when his funeral was held, massive crowds showed up, people paying tribute to Paul Bauer.  The reason I raise that is because they traced the gun that was used to kill this brave policeman. It was a gun that was originally sold legally through a federally licensed dealer in Madison, WI, and then the person who purchased it sold it, without a background check, to a member of his gun club. We don't know whether that person was disqualified, under the law, from owning a handgun, but we do know that the next purchase was the purchase that made a difference. That person decided to sell the gun on the internet, with no background check, and ended up selling it to a convicted felon--a person disqualified, under the laws of this country, from owning a gun. That is when that handgun got into the world of crime. It was used in the commission of a crime months before the shooting of Commander Bauer, and it was used to kill him on that day, February 13.  The reason I raise that is we know what we need to do. We need universal background checks--no ifs, ands, or buts about it. Whether selling to a person at a gun show or over the internet, there ought to be a background check. There is no excuse for selling a gun legally in the United States to someone who is prohibited by our laws from owning it--none. That is what happened. That is why that wonderful man, that brave policeman, lost his life.  The reason I raise that is we have a bill before us now. It is an Omnibus appropriations bill, and it includes some provisions about gun safety. They are good. I don't argue with them. One is called Fix NICS--try to make sure more information is put into the background check system. There is another one related to school violence, which provides grants to schools to make them safer and such. I have no objection whatsoever. But we are not getting to the heart of the issue.  This is the heart of the issue: We have a Second Amendment that gives rights to Americans to legally own guns and use them responsibly, and the Supreme Court has made clear that we can draw clear lines as to what is permissible in that gun ownership and gun usage. We can draw lines that say: Yes, if you have been convicted of a felony, you cannot own a gun. You cannot assert a Second Amendment right. You have disqualified yourself. We can say: If you are mentally unstable, you can't legally own a gun in America. You can't assert Second Amendment rights in that circumstance. We can put provisions in the law relating to the type of gun that you own, how old you have to be to buy that gun, what kind of background check takes place. But none of that--none of that--is included in this omnibus bill.  My fear is that many Members of Congress will say: Well, we got a lot of contacts after the Parkland, FL, situation, and met with a lot of people. Now we have taken care of our constitutional obligation with the provisions in this omnibus bill.  It will be a sad day if that is the case because what we have done in this omnibus bill would not have stopped that killer from taking the life of Commander Paul Bauer--not at all. So as far as I am concerned, we have fallen far short from where we need to be when it comes to gun safety.  Something is about to happen this Saturday, a week after our St. Patrick's Day Parade. There are going to be marches and parades across the United States on March 24. Tens of thousands of students and their supporters are going to march right here in Washington, in Chicago, where I will join them, and in cities and towns all across America, including Springfield, IL. They will march to urge lawmakers--like me--to finally pass meaningful gun reforms that help keep our children safe and our communities safe.  There are things that happen in our personal lives that we bring to our professional lives, and I will share one of them with you.  After the terrible shooting that occurred in Florida, my daughter, who lives in Brooklyn, NY, was talking to her daughter, my little granddaughter, a first grader. Her daughter, that first grader, said: Mom, the teacher told us that if there is a shooter in our school, stay away from the windows and get down on the floor.  In first grade, they are being warned about shooters coming into their classroom. Who would have dreamed thatAmerica would reach this point? It has. Who would possibly argue that the Second Amendment envisioned that possibility, that we would arm teachers so we could have some sort of a shootout in a first grade classroom anywhere in this country?  The marches that will take place on Saturday are a sign that perhaps America has reached a tipping point on gun safety. The fact that a majority of gun owners have stepped up and said that we should have universal background checks is an indication that we are reaching that point. The younger generation is standing up, speaking out, and, frankly, confronting us--those of us who are in positions of power, elected office--confronting us to do something and stop talking about it.  These young people are tired of living in fear, as are many students across this country. They are fed up with the status quo, in which hundreds of Americans are getting shot every day while politicians sit on their hands in fear of the gun lobby and the National Rifle Association.  I don't care what my scorecard is with the National Rifle Association. I know, incidentally, it is a failing grade, which I wear with pride. I don't care about my scorecard there. I care about my scorecard with the people I represent in Illinois, and I particularly care about the students and the parents who are worried about whether the school for their kids will be the next site of gun violence.  These young people who are going to march on Saturday are fed up with lawmakers who ignore the overwhelming majority of Americans who want to close loopholes in the background check system. Through their powerful advocacy and eloquence, these juniors and seniors in high school are already bringing about change.  Listen to what businesses across the country are doing. They are distancing themselves from the National Rifle Association. It is no longer considered just another political organization. They are voluntarily changing their business practices so they don't give a break to a gun lobby that will not give a break to honest Americans who want to be safe in their homes and schools. The students from Parkland, FL, have helped these businesses recognize that they need to be part of this effort.  We are seeing new gun safety reforms passed in State legislatures--not so much here in Washington but in States like Florida that have a long tradition of voting the other way on gun issues.  Unfortunately, the Republicans, who control the House, the Senate, and the White House, still haven't gotten the message. What we have included in this omnibus bill is weak soup; 17 lives in Parkland, FL, are worth more than what we are putting in this bill. Even after Parkland, after all of the lives that have been lost to violence, even as the school shootings continue, including a shooting in a Maryland high school this week, President Trump and the Republican majority of Congress are still unwilling to push for universal background checks and an end to high-capacity magazines and assault weapons.  There were modest measures included in this bill. Is that all we get? Is that it? Is that the end of the national debate on gun safety for another 5, 6, or 8 years?  There is important language that I included in the defense portion of the bill, directing the Department of Defense to not only submit all its relevant records for NICS background checks but also to flag and prevalidate the records that would prohibit a person from buying a gun. It is a step in the right direction. It is necessary, but it is not sufficient to really make a difference when it comes to gun safety.  The prevalidation and flagging are important for the FBI to help us and will help them quickly confirm whether a person should be blocked from a gun sale. But let's be honest; this omnibus bill that we are considering today and tomorrow doesn't address the fundamental challenges our Nation faces when it comes to gun violence. It takes a pass.  It is time for Congress to start considering legislation on gun violence that the gun lobby might not like. We can't let the National Rifle Association have veto power over gun policy in this Nation. Politicians need to recognize the obvious. The gun lobby is increasingly angry, sometimes paranoid, often isolated in its political positions. It no longer speaks for the majority of people who own guns responsibly in America.  Remember, the gun lobby cares about one thing more than anything: selling firearms. It is all about the business side of the ledger--the bottom-line profit margin.  Violence prevention is not the focus of the gun lobby's agenda. In fact, the gun lobby usually opposes violence prevention legislation just in case it might hurt gun sales. It has reached the point where the NRA endorsement of gun reform proposal is typically a sign that the proposal is not meaningful.  We can't settle for the status quo anymore. We are facing a public health crisis of gun violence, and half-hearted measures are not enough. We need to fight for meaningful gun safety reforms. We need to call up measures like universal background checks and ending high-capacity magazines.  Tell me why a person who owns a firearm, whether it is handgun or a semiautomatic weapon, needs to have a high-capacity magazine so that they can fire 30 or 60 rounds at a time. Tell me why. You might need that if you are in the military. You might need it when it comes to police work and keeping our communities safe. There could be circumstances where they are needed, but why would an individual citizen need the capacity to fire 30 or 60 rounds at one time? Those are the clips that are being used, incidentally, by these shooters. Those are the clips that are being used for mass killing in America. Those clips do one thing: They take human lives. It is not a question of sport or hunting or target practice.  