President.  Let me say at the outset that I would like to set the record straight on the question of the FBI interview, which has been raised repeatedly by Members on the other side of the aisle.  It was our request from the start, when we heard the complaints of Dr. Ford and her allegations, that there be a thorough FBI investigation. On the Democratic side, we asked for that repeatedly from the Republican majority. It wasn't until Senator Flake and some of his Republican colleagues made a point of saying they wouldn't move to go forward without the FBI investigation that it finally was agreed to.  Let me also add that statements have been made publicly by the public spokesman at the White House about how the witnesses were chosen for this FBI investigation. According to Mr. Shah, who works in the White House, he told us that a list of witnesses was sent by Senate Republicans to the White House, and they were included in their request. That is not the investigation we were looking for. We were hoping the FBI would revert to its professional status and interview all of the witnesses who are relevant. Certainly, among those relevant witnesses would have been Dr. Ford herself who could have been questioned under penalty of criminal prosecution if she misled or lied to the FBI, who could have provided substantial corroborative information. She was never called on. Neither was Judge Kavanaugh by the FBI.  Dr. Ford provided eight different witnesses whom she thought should be called to back up her side of the story, not a single one of them was called by the FBI. Ms. Ramirez suggested 20 witnesses be called on by the FBI on her behalf, and not one of them was called.  This was not the FBI investigation which we sought, nor does it clear the charges against Kavanaugh that were raised by Dr. Ford. In fact, it was a scant interview that involved some 10 witnesses in a matter of just a few days with a limited roster of people who were going to be questioned.  Let me speak to the matter at hand in a larger context. I have been in public life for a few years, but I have never seen the public reaction to this particular nomination and the hearings leading up to it that I have seen in this case.  I went back to Illinois last week on Friday. Before I could get off the airplane at Midway Airport, people were talking to me--just passengers at random, about what had happened the day before with Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh testifying before our committee. 