President, on September 5 of last year, Attorney General Sessions announced the repeal of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, which has been called DACA. The same day, President Trump called on Congress to come up with a solution to ``legalize DACA.''  The history of this issue I have explained many times on the floor, and I will say it briefly. Seventeen years ago, I introduced a bill called the DREAM Act, which said that if you were brought to the country as an infant, a toddler, a child, and you were raised in America and went to school here, had no problems of any serious nature with the law, that you would be given a chance to become a citizen of the United States.  Many of these children, of course, didn't have a voice in the decision of their families to come to this country, and this is the only country they know. They have gone to our schools. They have graduated from our schools. They stood up in the classrooms of those schools each and every day and pledged allegiance to that flag. It was their flag and their country. Many of them didn't learn until they were in high school, that technically, in the eyes of the law, this wasn't true; they were undocumented. They were illegal in the eyes of the law.  So what I tried to do with the DREAM Act was to give these young people a chance--a chance to become part of America's future and to become, ultimately, earning their way to legalization and earning their way to citizenship. That was the DREAM Act. We have passed it at various times in the Senate. We passed it in the House over the years. We have never done it at the same time, same year.  So I called on President Obama and asked him if he would issue an Executive order and do something to help these young people. He created DACA. DACA said to the young people: Come forward, pay your filing fee, go through a criminal background check, and we will let you stay in America for 2 years at a time, renewable, and we will let you work in this country. Well, more than 780,000 young people did that. They signed up, paid their fee, went through the background check, and received that protection. Then came President Trump who said: That is the end of the program. We are not going to protect these young people any longer.  Well, whatever happened to those 780,000 DACA-protected young people? Many of them are in school, they are in college, law school, medical school. Some of them joined our military. That is it. They went and took the oath and said: I will serve this country. I will bear allegiance to this country. I will give my life for this country in the U.S. military. Nine hundred of them are in the military today.  DACA is going to be eliminated as of March 5 of this year by President Trump, which means they will be asked to leave the U.S. military, to stop this volunteer service to our Nation. Another 20,000 are teachers all across thiscountry. High schools, grade schools, you name it, they are teaching, trying to find a way to help other young people do better with their lives. They lose their jobs when DACA expires and their DACA protection expires.  Thousands and thousands of them are doing important work, including as engineers, as police officers in training, as medics. These are people who are making this a better country, and all they have asked for is just a chance to be here and to be part of our future, but President Trump said: It is over. Now, Congress, do something about it.  Do you know what we have done since September 5, when the President issued that challenge? Take a look at this empty floor. That is what we have done--nothing. Nothing. Despite the President's challenge, despite the lives of all these young people hanging in the balance, we have done nothing. That is why I come to the floor today. This has to come to an end. We have to do the right and just thing for these young people. We have to make those who are eligible for the Dream Act, those who are eligible to be part of our future--we have to give them a chance, and that is why I come and ask for help today.  I can tell you we are losing about 1,000 of these young Dreamers each week. Their protection under DACA expires. What does it mean? It means that at any moment of any day, a knock on the door could mean they would be deported and many times other members of their family with them. Their lives in the United States would come to an end, and many of them would be deported to countries they have never ever known. They might have been there as infants. Perhaps it was Mexico; maybe it was Korea. They knew it, not personally, but only through family stories, and they would be sent to these countries, many times with no family, no connections, sometimes with no knowledge of the language that is spoken there.  They believe they are Americans. I think they should have a chance to become Americans in the full sense of the law.  (