Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this legislation, H.R. 1760, the Advanced Nuclear Fuel Availability Act, is, in fact, another bipartisan bill sponsored by Mr. Flores, who just spoke, along with Jerry McNerney from California.  At the end of the last Congress, the House passed the identical bill on suspension and also on a voice vote after the Energy and Commerce Committee had reported the bill favorably and also on a voice vote.  Nuclear innovators face a critical challenge as they work to bring several promising advanced nuclear technologies to the market. These new designs require fuels that have different attributes than what is used in today's fleet of nuclear reactors, but the fuels are not commercially available.  So this bill ensures nuclear innovators will, in fact, have the advanced fuels needed to develop and demonstrate their products commercially. The bill provides a direct path to align advanced nuclear fuel supply with initial demand for the deployment of next generation nuclear technologies. It provides for the development of the technical information necessary to assist the creation of the regulatory licensing framework for these fuels.  The bill also directs the Secretary of Energy to establish a temporary program, operating to support a public-private partnership that is going to make what is known as high-assay low-enriched uranium available for use in the first-of-a-kind advanced nuclear reactor designs.  It is going to provide for the information necessary to inform the new-market developments and cost recovery for any initial Federal investment.  So, in short, the Advanced Nuclear Fuel Availability Act takes the necessary steps to ensure that the infrastructure will be in place in time to enable the development and deployment of a new generation of nuclear technologies across the U.S.  It is an important bill for ensuring the Nation's international leadership on nuclear technology to ensure that our energy security and achieving our clean-energy goals are, in fact, done.  I urge my colleagues to support this bill and when it passes, I urge our Senate colleagues to adopt it as well. It is a bipartisan bill and, again, I congratulate the leadership on both sides of the aisle for bringing this bill to the floor for debate in a vote this afternoon.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  