Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I might consume.  Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 1768, the Diesel Emissions Reduction Act of 2019, is a bipartisan bill. It was introduced by my Energy and Commerce colleagues, Ms. Matsui, who just spoke, and Mr. Long, along with Mr. Lowenthal and Mr. Wittman.  The bill simply, but importantly, reauthorizes the DERA program through 2024.  This program was established by the Energy Policy Act of 2005. It is a voluntary program, administered by the EPA, that helps fund the retrofit or replacement of existing heavy-duty diesel vehicles, engines, and equipment with cleaner diesel or new technology.  According to EPA's data, nearly 10 million older diesel vehicles are operating throughout our transportation infrastructure with no modern emission controls. The DERA funding and rebates help replace these vehicles with equipment that meets or surpasses current emissions standards.  The majority of program spending targets areas that are not meeting air quality standards for particulate matter and other pollutants, including at ports and freight-distribution centers and in numerous communities reliant on legacy diesel engines, such as school buses and other vehicles.  The Federal and State grants and other assistance under this program resulted in cleaner, more efficient vehicles, and the net effect is cleaner air in cities and communities that, in fact, need it the most.  As EPA Administrator Andrew Wheeler notes, this is an effective and innovative program to improve air quality across the country. In fact, DERA funding has proven a cost-effective tool to help communities meet their air quality implementation plans.  Congress has long supported this program, which it first reauthorized in 2010 with strong bipartisan support and even after that authorization expired in 2016. This bill will ensure the good work to advance cleaner technology will, in fact, continue.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.  