President, I am pleased to join my friend and colleague from Connecticut in offering an amendment to restore funding for the Department of Homeland Security's first responder programs to increase security at our country's borders and to better secure our Nation's seaports.  The administration's budget, unfortunately, would impose severe reductions in grant funding for our first responders, those who are on the front lines in the war on terrorism.  Our amendment restores funding by adding a total of $855 million for Homeland Security funding. This includes $565 million for State Homeland Security programs that support our first responders, $150 million for port security grants, and $140 million to hire 1,000 additional Border Patrol agents.  Our amendment does not provide excessive funding. In fact, it is modest in scope. It would simply restore funding to last year's levels for Homeland Security grant programs such as State Homeland Security grants, the Fire Grant Program, and the Law Enforcement Terrorism Prevention Program.  The amendment will ensure at least the same amount of funding for our Nation's ports as last year, and it takes a modest first step toward increasing the number of border patrol agents as authorized by the Collins-Lieberman Intelligence Reform Act. I note that bill authorized the hiring of 2,000 additional Border Patrol agents. Our amendment authorizes the hiring of only 1,000 additional agents. I note that other Senators this evening, including the soon to be Presiding Officer, have also expressed the support for increasing the number of Border Patrol agents.  This amendment is also offset by reductions in the allowances account, so it will not increase the deficit.  It is a responsible amendment. As we set priorities through this budget resolution, we are faced with many worthy and competing needs and programs. But surely along with national defense improving the security of our homeland must be a priority, and that means providing adequate assistance to those who are on the front lines: Our firefighters, police officers, emergency medical personnel, State and local law enforcement, and emergency managers.  Former Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge perhaps put it best when he said that Homeland Security starts with hometown security. Improving our preparedness is an investment that we must make to strengthen our ability to prevent, detect, and respond if required to terrorist attacks. After all, if the worst happens and we are subject to another attack from terrorists, our citizens are not going to dial the Washington, DC area code. They are going to pick up their phones and dial 9-1-1.  We should always remember who is first on the scene when disaster strikes. We have an obligation to help our first responders be prepared--as well prepared as we can be--because that strengthens the preparedness of our Nation.  Again, this is a modest amendment. There have been other proposals to increase Homeland Security grant funding by billions of dollars.  I recognize we have to strike a balance, that we are operating in an environment of severe budget constraints. That is why Senator Lieberman and I have joined forces to propose what truly is a modest amendment, to simply restore funding to last year's levels.  I think it is the least we can do. I do expect the Senator from Connecticut to be here shortly. I reserve the remainder of our time.  Thank you, Mr. President.  