Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of the legislation.  Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 5169, the Wastewater Treatment Works Security Act of 2002. This is a bipartisan bill that would authorize $200 million in grants from the EPA to States and local government entities to conduct vulnerability assessments of wastewater treatment facilities and to take steps to reduce identified vulnerabilities. The legislation is similar to the approach taken for vulnerability assessments of drinking water facilities in the bioterrorism legislation signed into law earlier this summer.  Mr. Speaker, in the wake of September 11, we have learned that the Nation's wastewater treatment plants are potentially vulnerable to terrorist activities. Many plants have treatment redundancies, but, often, they have single points of failure. These plants, in addition to the possibility of disruption and environmental catastrophe, often use hazardous materials in the treatment process, and those things certainly also need to be safeguarded.  In order to alleviate these concerns, under H.R. 5169 the EPA would be authorized to provide grants for three purposes: conduct vulnerability assessments to publicly-owned treatment works; to implement certain pre-approved security enhancements that have been identified in a vulnerability assessment; and, three, to implement any other security enhancement measures identified in a vulnerability assessment.  This legislation would also authorize $15 million to provide technical assistance to small communities, those serving fewer than 20,000 individuals, and $1 million annually for 5 years development and dissemination of computer software, data and vulnerability assessment.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, the funding provisions for vulnerability assessments and security enhancements contained in this legislation have been drafted as an amendment to the Clean Water Act with the intent of ensuring that the Davis-Bacon Act would apply to any federally funded work that meets the definition of construction. This approach has been confirmed through staff conversations with representatives of the Environmental Protection Agency, and I certainly would urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, we had also hoped to bring up under regular order other legislation which would go to the water infrastructure and economic security particularly of our Nation, the Water Resources Development Act of 2002. The bill itself is in pretty good form in terms of projects. Many Members have vital infrastructure projects included in that bill.  The bill did not, because of some controversy and concern on the committee, include any amendments to the current authority of the Corps of Engineers to conduct these projects and did not go to concerns a number of Members have regarding the need for independent peer review of projects and better cost benefit analyses.  That bill was scheduled to come up just prior to this legislation under suspension of the rules which would have been opposed on this side by the minority, and I am pleased to see that the bill has been pulled, but, hopefully, it has only been pulled to be brought up later in the week during regular order with amendments allowed from Members on this side of the aisle who have expressed concerns regarding, again, the peer review and independent analysis of projects.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  