Speaker, I had not intended to speak this evening. I am not an attorney, one of the few in the House who I guess is not, but I decided to come and speak on certain practical aspects of this farcical legislation which we are voting on again this evening.  I heard a gentleman from the Republican side say this is about working families. Come on, let us not kid people in America. This is not about working families. This is about the super wealthy and the unpatriotic corporations who want to set up new tax dodges to move their profits offshore. For years they have been moving their foreign earned profits offshore to Bermuda and that has been accepted. Unfortunately, the Clinton administration left that loophole open and the Bush administration has tried to widen it.  Now they have got a new dodge. They strip their corporation and move the assets and profits to a tax treaty country, Luxembourg being one, but Luxembourg might require that they pay some taxes. God forbid they should pay any taxes. So then they also do the Bermuda trick so it has become now the new Bermuda Triangle.  This debate is too strange. It reminds me a lot of the Bermuda Triangle, but this is a new tax dodge being pushed by the same folks who brought us Enron, those same wonderful, ethical accounting companies, and now they have set up Stanley Works and other American corporations who are based in the United States of America, sell most of their product in the United States of America, have traditionally produced goods in the United States of America, of course now they are all going to China to produce their product. Some are still employing people here and it will say that they will pay taxes on their profits nowhere. That is the new Bermuda Triangle trick.  So, under this legislation, which is, of course, for working families, yeah, wink, wink, nod, nod, Stanley Works and other unpatriotic corporations and other unpatriotic multi-millionaires and billionaires would move all of their profits offshore, pay no taxes in the United States of America, still enjoying the defense and the blood of our young men and women in the military, still enjoying all the privileges of living in the greatest country on earth but paying nothing to support it, and guess what it would take to change that? A two-thirds vote of the United States House of Representatives. We cannot even get a simple majority vote to stop the unpatriotic corporations and these people from moving their profits offshore, and imagine what it would take to get a two-thirds vote.  It is pretty easy these days to buy half the House of Representatives. All they would have to do in the future would be cheaper, just buy a third of the House, and they could block any changes to close these loopholes. This is absolutely outrageous. At a time when America is engaged in a fight to defend our citizens against deadly threats from abroad and even perhaps within our own Nation, the wealthiest of the wealthy would pay nothing toward that fight, and under this legislation, it would be impossible to ever require that they pay some semblance of a fair share. This is absolutely outrageous. My colleagues should be ashamed of what they are trying to do.  