Speaker, whenever I can help the powerful chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I may have something small to ask in return.  If I could continue here, this is a very serious subject. So the question before the House soon will be will we rubber-stamp existing trade policy? Is it so good, is it working so well for the American people that we should say, hey, let us just keep doing more of the same, let us give President Bush total authority to negotiate these agreements in secret, then bring it back here for an up or down vote, no amendments allowed? Let us look at the result of our existing trade policy.  Our trade deficit is the largest in the history of the world. It has gone from $66 billion in 1991, 1.7 percent of our gross domestic product, to $417 billion last year, 4.1 percent of our gross domestic product. That is pretty extraordinary. People say, well, wait a minute, our exports are expanding. They are right. Our exports over the last decade have gone up 17 percent; but guess what, the imports went up 44 percent because of this misbegotten trade policy.  Current estimates say that our trade deficit could reach $460 billion by the end of this year, $536 billion by 2003, and their prediction, it could reach 7 percent of gross domestic product, $800 billion by the year 2005. That means the loss of tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands more jobs in this country; and in fact, it means a trade deficit that is not sustainable.  Essentially, if we move toward those numbers, the United States of America becomes the next Argentina; and the World Bank and the IMF will be in here dictating to us about our budget priorities and how we are going to clean up our house and how we are going to meet our obligation of our $2 trillion overseas debt. Yes, we will owe $2 trillion overseas in the very near future because of these persistent trade deficits.  It is not sustainable. In fact, when Indonesia imploded, their trade deficit was only 4.5 percent of their gross domestic product. Similarly, in South Korea, and economists everywhere said, well, that is understandable. My God, no one can have trade deficits that large a percentage. We are talking the United States of America may go to 7 percent in the near future if we maintain the current trade policies.  The question becomes, who would want to maintain this failing trade policy? Well, not too many of the American workers who have lost their jobs, seen their wages depress. They are probably not real enthusiastic about it. In fact, I come from a State where when I first raised questions about trade, they said, oh, no, you are from Oregon, you are going to be a free trader. You are right there on the Pacific Rim; your people are going to benefit from this free trade policy of the United States, as I was told by President Bush first, President Clinton and others in opposing their successful attempts, unfortunately, to jam through NAFTA and GATT and the WTO. My State has lost 41,000 jobs; and other States have lost a lot more than that, millions of jobs across the country.  Three million jobs in the United States according to the Economic Policy Institute were lost between 1994 and the year 2000 because of our trade policies.  What else did trade deficits do? Well, they shift the composition of the workforce. They say, do not worry, everybody is going to wash dishes; we are going to become a service economy. We do not need to manufacture things. I do not believe that. I do not believe we cannot manufacture things and continue to be a great Nation. In fact, during the Gulf War, officials down at the Pentagon were in a panic because they needed some high-tech stuff. They could only get it from Japan, and Japan was not delivering on the schedule that our national security demanded. Imagine that. Do my colleagues think China, who is now producing some of those same critical components, is going to be real helpful in the future? They have been so friendly and helpful so far. I do not think so, particularly if we are in a conflict with them, which I think is very possible within the next 25 years.  Manufacturing has lost 1.5 million jobs in the last 18 months. So we are having a huge change in the composition of our workforce from high-wage, high-benefit manufacturing jobs, to low-wage jobs or lower-wage jobs on much lower-benefit jobs in the service sector or other components of manufacturing.  What else is impacted? Stagnant wages. Average U.S. wages adjusted for inflation are about the same as theywere when Jimmy Carter was President of the United States, and one of the biggest factors in dragging that down is U.S. workers are being asked to compete with people in Mexico who are preferably willing to work for a dollar a day; and if President Bush is successful, they will be asked to compete with the people of Argentina who are totally desperate or the people of Bolivia or other nations.  The idea is to search around the world for the most exploitable, most desperate workforce. Sometimes skills are required so they will have to go to countries like Argentina. Other times they can go overseas to Indonesia, Pakistan, countries like that when they are not real high skilled and get cheaper wages.  So that is another result. I do have a few more points, and then I will yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), who is a tremendous leader on these issues.  It is a drag on economic growth, this $400 billion-a-year trade deficit. Our export output falls. Domestic demand that could be met by domestic output is instead satisfied by higher imports. As I said earlier, our exports are up by 17 percent, but our imports are up by 44 percent. We are losing the jobs that could create that.  We are increasingly reliant on foreign investors. We have to import nearly $2 billion a day from foreign investors, and perhaps later I will get into a list of who those foreign investors are. I think it will shock some of the Members of this caucus in terms of national security and economic security, but 40 percent of our U.S. Treasury debt, 40 percent of the debt of the United States of America, the collective debt of all of us, is owned by foreigners. That is an extraordinary number. It erodes our defense manufacturing base. We are going to saddle our children with future debt and interest payments, and it hurts our long-term spending on research and development.  These are some of the grand successes of the current trade policy that this Congress is going to be asked to rubber-stamp by once again giving up all its authority to shape trade and trade policy and rubber-stamp a fast track bill to give the President the authority to secretly negotiate this agreement and bring it back here for a hurried up or down vote.  I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), who has been a tremendous leader in the House in opposing these failing trade policies.  