  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the legislation. I had hoped to offer an alternative and speak and have not been allowed.  Mr. Speaker, I completely agree with my colleagues that Israel is the best friend of the United States in the Middle East. Israel is our most reliable ally in the Middle East. Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East. I consider myself a friend of Israel.  However, the increasingly hard line stance being taken by the Israeli Government, and the current military offensive being conducted by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, will do nothing to bring about lasting peace in the region.  I am also concerned that the totally one-sided resolution being considered on the House floor today does nothing to enhance US. leadership in the region, and, in fact, could actually harm our ability to broker a permanent peace. I offered a truly balanced resolution, H. Res. 394, which would help send the message that the United States is committed to a negotiated settlement. Unfortunately, we are not being allowed to debate alternatives today.  I have been to Israel. I have seen first-hand how this emotional and complicated dispute manifests itself in the daily lives of Israelis and Palestinians. Both sides consider the actions of the other as illegal under international law. Both sides also consider the lands under dispute to be their ancestral home. And, both sides claim religious sites, particularly in and around Jerusalem, as their own. This conflict has no military solution.  Peace will never come to the region until all parties are committed to working toward the goal. I had thought that teenagers blowing up other teenagers with suicide bombs might shake up the respective parties enough to stop the violence and begin permanent settlement negotiations. That is clearly not the case at this point.  Under no definition can Mr. Sharon on Mr. Arafat be considered men of peace. Neither can credibly claim the moral high ground.  Mr. Arafat has utterly failed in his multiple commitments to crack down on militants. He failed to seize an opportunity offered by President Clinton to create a Palestinian state. His leadership has been connected to terrorist organization.  But, prior to his election, Mr. Sharon intentionally visited a disputed holy site in Jerusalem in order to provoke a violent response. He has always been a vocal opponent of the Oslo Peace Process. He has advocated continued expansion of Jewish settlements in Palestinian territories. He ordered the Israeli military to reoccupy various Palestinian cities with weapons provided by United States taxpayers.  What this conflict needs is mature leadership. I commend President Bush for his April 4, 2002, statement in which he gave voice to the legitimate grievances of both sides. I was also relieved when the President sent Secretary of State Colin Powell to the region.  As President Bush noted in his April 4, 2002, speech, the parameters for a lasting resolution to this conflict are not really in dispute. What is lacking is the political will to reach a final settlement.  As the President, the Mitchell Commission, Saudi Arabia and the Arab League, the European Union and others have noted in similar ways, peace could be achieved through Arab recognition of Israel's right to exist, guaranteeing Israeli security approximately within its 1967 borders, creation of a viable Palestinian state, halting Jewish settlements in Palestinian territories, and sincere negotiations to determine the final status of Jerusalem and Palestinian refugees.  Mr. Speaker, we are at a dangerous crossroads in the Middle East. Unfortunately, there is no Itzak Rabin with a vision for peace.  Like all Americans, I unequivocally condemn acts of violence against both Israeli and Palestinian civilians.  I urge all parties to recognize that continued military attacks and terrorist activities will only lead to persistent, escalating violence with the potential to destabilize the entire Middle East.  I urge all parties to stop using state-controlled media or other means of propaganda to incite hatred and violence.  The United States must maintain sustained, high-level diplomatic engagement. The United States must bring the Israelis and Palestinians back to the negotiating table. It has become obvious to all but Sharon and Arafat and their most ardent followers that there is no military solution to this conflict. Hundreds of reservists in the Israeli Defense Forces are refusing to serve in the Palestinian terrorists because they understand there is no military solution.  I again commend the President and Secretary Powell for their efforts to mediate a peace and for their balanced view of the conflict.  I intend to vote against the unbalanced resolution on the floor today because it does nothing to advance peace.  