Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong support of this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5335 is a bill to designate the federal building and courthouse in Dayton, OH, as the Tony Hall Federal Building and United States Courthouse, in honor of our former colleague from Ohio, Tony Hall. The bill has strong bipartisan support.  Tony Hall is a true son of Ohio. He was born in Dayton in 1942. After attending local schools he graduated from Denison University in 1964. He was accepted into the Peace Corp and served as a volunteer in Thailand from 1966 until 1968. Upon his return he was elected to the Ohio House of Representatives, and in 1972 he was elected to the Ohio Senate. In 1978 he was elected to the House of Representatives where he service for 11 terms. tony Hall currently serves as the United States Ambassador to the United Nations Agencies for Food and Agriculture.  Tony Hall was founder and cochair of the Congressional Hunger Center, a nonprofit organization created to bring awareness to the growing and persistent problems of world hunger. He also served as chairman for the House Select Committee on Hunger from 1989 until 1993. Congressman Hall sponsored legislation to help immunize the world's children against major diseases, and to increase U.S. funding for Vitamin A and C.  His passion for protecting and ensuring human rights and combating hunger brought Congressman Hall to such places as North Korea, Peru, Sudan, Bosnia, Rwanda, Somalia, Bangladesh, and Haiti. In 1994 he helped nominate Bishop Carlos Belo for the Nobel Peace Prize for the Bishop's role in protecting civilians during armed conflict.  Congressman Tony Hall was an exemplar for his unswerving commitment and sustaining contributions to promoting humanity and peace in a world stricken with poverty and worn by war. This designation is a fitting tribute to his exceptional public service.  Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur).  