Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I think, given the words of the gentleman who preceded me in the well, there is substantial ground for agreement on homeland security, money for the National Guard; our troops, giving them what they need; the Coast Guard needs more funding; aviation security, I was a principal in writing that bill, and it is going to cost billions of dollars; and money for New York City.  There was tremendous agreement on the Committee on Appropriations. If that bill were brought to the floor, I would venture to say it would get a two-thirds vote. We would probably do it under suspension of the rules, or maybe better.  But that is not what is before us today. That is the problem. This is not an emergency supplemental, it is the early arrival of the Capitol Christmas tree. This bill has been larded down with billions not requested by the President, and extraneous provisions like raising the national debt limit.  In other areas, some of particular concern to my constituents, they have shorted the President's request. I will tell the Members what is an emergency to the people of my district. In addition to fighting the war on terrorism and defending our homeland, it is the fact that we have the highest unemployment rate in the United States of America in my district. This bill shorts the President's request of $550 million for national emergency grants under the Work Force Investment Act to provide unemployment training assistance by $250 million.  That is going to be shuffled elsewhere. They ignored the President there. That is a real crisis, a real emergency to people in my district.  There are other things about this bill that are particularly outrageous: the increase in the debt limit, running up the credit card by spending Social Security trust funds.  What happened to the lockbox? That was a Republican invention. We voted on it 7 times in the House. I voted on it each of the 7 times. I supported the idea of a lockbox for Social Security. Where has it gone? They have blown the door off and pulled the money out.  This year, in this year's budget, $150 billion of money that should be going in the lockbox, that should be there to pay for future generations of Social Security retirees, is going to be spent and replaced with IOUs with this year's projected $307 billion budget. This merits an airing. This merits a debate on this floor.  If we are going to increase the debt of the United States of America by three-quarters of a trillion dollars, if we are going to run $200 billion to $300 billion-a-year deficits as far as the eye can see, half of that money coming out of Social Security, how are we going to pay for the retirement of the baby boom generation?  Will they be better off watching the money flow to the most wealthy Americans with the tax cuts, or would they be better off safeguarding their trust fund, paying down some of the national debt, making us more capable of carrying those burdens when that generation retires? That is a debate we should have. Let us have a debate over the policies that are leading to this request that we increase the debt ceiling of the United States by three-quarters of $1 trillion: $750 billion. It is $750 billion, B, billion dollars. That is a lot of money, even here in Washington, D.C.  Can Members not have the courage of Ronald Reagan? He jammed through huge tax cuts and big spending increases with similar rosy projections. Two years later, he had the courage to admit he was wrong. In fact, we were running huge and growing deficits, and the tax cuts were too big to support. In fact, he rolled them back, very significantly working with a Democratic House and a Republican Senate.  Can Members not have that courage to admit that the $5.6 trillion of rosy scenario, which has now evaporated, which allowed them to put through a tax cut, which is going to absorb about half of that money, that is not here anymore? We are in deficits. Should we borrow money from Social Security to finance tax cuts principally for the wealthiest Americans, or should we safeguard those funds?  We could have a wonderful policy debate here on the floor of the House about raising the debt limit, what is leading to it, and what we should do about it. But that is not going to be allowed. That is being rolled into this bill with little bitty sneaky language so it can come back.  Let us have a fair debate on that issue. Let us strip out all of the extraneous provisions of this bill. If they will do that, I will vote for it. I will support a unanimous consent request to just deem the bill adopted. Just strip out all the extraneous positions out of this bill, and I believe we could get every Democrat to support a motion similar to that.  We support the money that is going in there for the troops, the war on terrorism, the other essentials; but we do not support the Christmas-tree approach that this bill is taking, including avoiding any significant policy discussion about trading off tax cuts for increasing the debt in the United States and raiding the Social Security lockbox.  