Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  When Yasir Arafat walked away from the peace agreement so painfully negotiated with President Clinton and Prime Minister Barak, he was recklessly irresponsible and not a leader in the interest of peace. He provided the fuel for the current endless, downward spiral of violence.  But when Ariel Sharon engaged in provocative foray to the Temple Mount to foster his political ambitions, he provided the spark that ignited the fuel of Arafat and the current violence. And his actions since then have only fanned the flames. These are not men who will lead to peace, neither of them.  The United States must stand tall as a powerful and honest broker of a balanced plan for peace. I believe that President Bush and Secretary of State Powell have made a strong and credible effort to bring an end to the violence and to begin a negotiated peace. They have offered a balanced plan. I have offered a resolution which mirrors their balanced plan. It will not be considered. It is not allowed to be debated. It will not be voted upon as an alternative. We only have this one resolution before us, which is totally slanted and biased and will only encourage more irresponsibility by Ariel Sharon.  I thought there was one thing that might turn the tide in this struggle, and it was a horrible tragedy in the end of March. Look at these two young women. They look like sisters. One, Ayat al-Akhras, 18, was a suicide bomber who killed Rachel Levy at the grocery store, age 17. I thought that both sides would be so appalled by this unbelievable tragedy and see the hopelessness of this that they might turn toward peace. But, no, that has not happened there.  Let that happen here, in the home of democracy and peace. Let us not have the United States Congress somewhere to the right of the Likud in Israel. Let us have the United States Congress stand up for the American people, for peace and democracy in the Middle East. And this resolution that we are being forced to vote on today will not lead us in that direction.  