Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of the legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his generous remarks. I would say that my tenacity and outspoken nature are but a mere shadow of that of Wayne L. Morse. Actually, the highest compliment that any of my older constituents who remember Wayne Morse can pay me is to say, ``That reminds me of Wayne Morse. You seem a lot like him.''  There could be virtually no more appropriate time to bring this bill forward, not only because this month will mark the 100 anniversary of Wayne Morse's birth; born in Wisconsin in 1900, raised as a populace progressive and in a tradition that focused on the democratic rights of the working class and disenfranchised. He first moved to Oregon in 1931 and became a law professor within 9 months. He was dean, and he served until 1943 and was elected to the United States Senate in 1944. He served there until 1968. He was often known for lonely stands he took on a number of issues. He changed from Republican to Independent in 1952 and to a Democrat in 1955.  Now, why I feel this is a particularly important time to do this is because one of Wayne Morse's most famous moments was his lengthy speech in opposition and adamant opposition to the Gulf of Tonkin resolution, one of only two votes in the United States Senate, and one of only two to oppose that war as unwise, as this House is rushing, and the Senate is rushing, to rubber stamp an extraordinarily broad grant of power to the President that eerily echoes the Gulf of Tonkin resolution with even fewer underpinnings and, in fact, this time, marking a preemptive war, perhaps unilateral preemptive war by the United States, the first in our history. I think if Wayne Morse were still with us, even if he were with us at the age of 100, his voice would be heard loud and clear expressing concern about that resolution and this new rush to war by the Congress.  He also was known as one who exercised an extraordinary independence of judgment on many issues. In fact, there is the Wayne Morse Pledge, which I have posted in my office. I hope that it will be incorporated at some appropriate place into the new courthouse. The pledge was: ``I will exercise an independence of judgment on the basis of facts and evidence as I find them on each issue. I will weigh the views of my constituents and my party. But I will cast my vote free of political pressure and unmoved by threats of loss of political support if I do not do the bidding of some pressure group.'' If only, if only we had more Members of Congress like that today, this would be a much different place and the policies of this country would be very different.  President Truman, who once actually offered to make Wayne Morse Attorney General said, ``Wayne Morse is one of the great dissenters, and we need dissenters, not only in the Senate, we ought to have them in the House. We should have them in the legislatures of various States. Many of the great things we have were voted down by the majority and finally had to be adopted for the benefit and welfare of the people. You may not agree with Senator Morse, you do not have to agree with him when he is right, but what he advocates usually becomes what the people want.''  And then finally, when Senator Morse left the Republican Party, he told a reporter from the Detroit Free Press, ``I sometimes wonder if I am going at all this too hard, but then I think of all of the men and women who wish there was just one politician in Washington who would speak his mind and cast his vote honestly and freely, with only his conscience to guide him. Maybe it's a bit brash to assume that I am that man, but believe me, I am trying to be.''  That was Wayne Morse, and that is something I try to be every day in representing the district from which he was elected to the United States Senate.  So with that, Mr. Speaker, I would hope that the House would unanimously endorse the naming of the new Federal courthouse in Eugene, Oregon. I believe there could be no more appropriate honor in the memory of Wayne Morse on the 100 anniversary of his birth.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  Mr. LaTOURETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of our time and again congratulate the gentleman from Oregon for not only his legislation, but for his floor statement. I urge passage of the bill.  