Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We will not use all of the time here.  The amendment which I drafted is based substantially on language which will be included in legislation to come up later today, H.R. 2604, the Multinational Development Bank Reauthorization. It is a bipartisan piece of legislation which the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter) as the Chairman of the Subcommittee on International Monetary Policy and Trade introduced and was cosponsored by the gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce), ranking member, and the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders).  I looked at that legislation, and although I will admit that the issue before us here, the Ex-Im Bank, is not normally the principal source of funding for potential privatization efforts, but there are instances where Ex-Im Bank has followed in acquisitions and has essentially been linked to privatization efforts.  Oftentimes there may well be nothing wrong with the U.S. firm being involved in a privatization effort overseas, as long as there is a regulatory structure in place, as long as the government or the taxpayers of that country get full value in a process which is transparent in terms of the bidding, but unfortunately, there have been a number of cases, a couple of which involved the Enron corporation in Panama and the Dominican Republic, where that was not the case. In fact, a study after the fact in the Dominican Republic found that the assets were undervalued by $907 million, and the Panama case, there was a problem with basically some corruption within the government which had led to a low bid and an improper acquisition.  I think putting in place some basic rules is needed to make sure that the Ex-Im Bank either in the first instance or in follow-on to U.S. acquisition, in supplying follow-on to that, does not become involved in improper privatization efforts.  The standards are quite simple: That the assistance should only go to projects that are implemented in a transparent manner; that they are implemented in a manner that protects the interests of workers, small investors, vulnerable groups in society; or, if appropriate, the regulatory regimes have been established to ensure properly functioning competitive markets.  It is further my understanding that the Chairman has some concerns about the capability of enforcing this and statutory language but would perhaps be willing to support this as a sense of Congress within the conference.  