Speaker, we are here today because the Republicans say, well, there was a glitch in the estate tax repeal last year, some kind of a loophole. Well, guess what? The Republicans controlled the House, the Senate and the presidency, and they wrote the entire bill. The reason the estate tax is sunset was because even last year when they were projecting a $5.6 trillion surplus, they could not afford to finance the full repeal of the estate tax on the most wealthy families in America. And guess what? Now with a $300 billion deficit, the Social Security lockbox looted and no prospect except deficits for the future, they are saying, ``Oh, it was a glitch, it was a loophole, we couldn't anticipate it,'' and they want to pass a bill today that will go to 3,000 families a year instead of 53 million Social Security recipients starting in the year 2010. Yes, families, those 3,000 whose estates are worth more than $6 million.  There is an alternative. We have it before us, a fair, affordable and permanent alternative that would take care of every small business, family farm and family forestry operation that I know about. I am concerned about them. I do not want them to prematurely harvest the trees or break up the farms or sell the family business.  The gentleman from California talked about the small businesses would lose their jobs because of the estate tax on estates over $6 million. Like perhaps Ken Lay's small business? He already cost thousands of people their jobs and he will get $59 million under their proposal. Ken Lay, the thief, gets $59 million more.  Then, of course, the small businesses that are being run by Secretary O'Neill. He will get $51 million under this. I am not aware that he is running a small business. This is a huge windfall being taken directly from the broken-open Social Security lockbox and being transferred into the pockets of the most wealthy Americans.  They say, ``Well, they've already paid taxes.'' No, Bill Gates has not paid taxes on his $50 billion fortune. It is unrealized capital gains. If he died today under this bill, there would never be any taxes paid on that $50 billion.  What you are doing is not fair, it is not affordable, it loots Social Security. What we are offering is a fair alternative for family farms, small businesses and other individuals. $6 million is enough of an exemption.  