Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Glens Falls, NY, for yielding me this time, and I rise in support of the rule and also the legislation.  The previous speaker, the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Kleczka], I think has put a lot of red herrings into this debate. There are some very fundamental and core issues here. First is where should the real decisions be made on what type of welfare reform we have in the State of Wisconsin. Should they be made by Washington bureaucrats in dealing with these waivers or should they be made by the people of the State of Wisconsin and their elected legislators dealing with this issue in Wisconsin?  This issue has probably gotten more public debate in the State of Wisconsin than any other issue in the history of the State. From the time the legislation was first formulated, the State legislature had 30 public hearings or town hall meetings in Wisconsin on the issue of W-2. There were 120 hours of public debate in sites all throughout the State on the legislation and over 2,000 residents of Wisconsin participated in these hearings.  Now, what the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Klecza] says is let us forget all about that, that does not count at all. Let us end up having some public hearings out here in Washington and then let us have the Secretary of Health and Human Services or the bureaucrats under her control rewrite these waivers and pick and choose which waivers we want to grant and in what form. And the fact is that very few of the waivers that have been submitted by Wisconsin or other States have been approved in the form in which the Governors have submitted them.  It is an extensive process of negotiation between the State and the Department of Health and Human Services, and we do not want that to happen here.  I do not see why we ought to ask the 2,000 people who participated in the public debate on W-2 to have to figure out a way to make their voice heard in Washington, DC, 900 miles away, when they were able to give their input in places like Madison and Milwaukee, Oshkosh, Appleton, Beloit, Wausau, and LaCrosse.  The second red herring that the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Klecza] decided to throw into this debate is about the cost of the program. We all know that the Federal Government spends about 60 percent of AFDC costs. Granting these waivers is not going to cost the Federal taxpayers one additional dime, because there is a provision in this bill, for anybody that decides to read it, that says very plainly that the total grant of the State of Wisconsin shall not exceed the amount of the grant that Wisconsin would have gotten had these waivers not been approved at all.  Now, the President has come on board in saying that he is in favor of W-2. In his radio address, which was after Governor Thompson issued his line vetoes and signed the bill, he said in conclusion, ``In all, Wisconsin has the makings of a solid, bold welfare reform bill. We should get it done.''  Today, we are getting it done here, and I would hope that this issue would not be obfuscated and not be clouded. Wisconsin is leading the way in welfare reform, Washington should not stand in the way, and that is why this bill should be enacted.  