Chairman, I yield myself 5 minutes in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, this is a very deceptive amendment because it says that, if we just take a little bit of money out of a $2.1 billion program, we will be able to save some money and nothing is going to happen to it. That conclusion is absolutely false.  One of the reasons why NASA brought itself into disrepute in the last decade is that both NASA and Congress decided to reduce costs in many of the accounts. The reduced costs saved money in the next fiscal year, but it ended up resulting in projects not being completed and projects were completed late and cost overruns. All of the engineers stayed on the payroll to complete the project when the meter is ticking.  NASA Administrator Dan Goldin, who I believe has done a marvelous job in making NASA faster, better and cheaper, has written me a letter. I want to quote it in part. It says, simply put, an arbitrary reduction of $49 to $100 million means a slowdown of work. A slowdown of work means a schedule slip, and schedule slip means increased cost. Analytically, the impact to the station schedule is up to 3 months, referring to the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Roemer], and the increased cost as much as $200 million, or at least twice the amount saved by the proposed amendment.  This is an unacceptable risk to our careful balance of hardware elements and payroll deployment. What the gentleman from Indiana is doing here today in the name of saving money is to set this House and NASA up for a complaint that the station experiences cost overruns because of the stretch-out and the schedule slip that is caused by the gentleman from Indiana's amendment. Then he will be back next year when the dogwood bloom and the tulips sprout saying NASA has not been able to hold to its schedule; there has been a cost overrun; let us kill the Space Station.  Well, the way to prevent the gentleman from making that argument is by rejection of his amendment today because the $75 million he proposes to save now will cost the taxpayers $200 million according to the NASA Administrator, who says he works for the President of the United States.  Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Stearns].  (