Chairman, I rise today in support of the Chabot amendment to strike the telephone verification system for prospective new employees. I am a strong supporter of turning off the economic magnet that draws illegal workers into our country. However, we cannot turn off this magnet with a system that is flawed. If we do, we are asking for trouble.  An error rate in the data base on even the smallest percent means thousands of people will be denied the ability to earn a living. With 65 million hiring decisions made each year, an error rate of only 1 percent would deny 650,000 American citizens their jobs. The Social Security Administration says it cannot predict what the error rate might be. However, in 1994 there was a 2\1/2\-percent nonmatch rate with social security.  We all employ case workers in our offices, and we all know firsthand how difficult and time-consuming it can be to correct an error in an official government record. Try convincing the Internal Revenue Service that they have made a mistake, for example. Yet the employee has only 10 days to correct any errors made by Social Security before being fired.  While the employer can hire someone else, what happens to the person who needs a job and is denied it because Social Security has made a mistake?  Some have said no new data bases are created by phone-in verification. But that is not correct. Employers must keep a permanent record of each approval code they obtain from the government. In order to know which approval matches which employee, there must be a new data base. To avoid further liability, employers also need to keep records of any negative responses they receive.  Whether we like it or not, this is an unfunded mandate, an increased paperwork burden on American business. Phone-in verification is an addition to the I-9, not a substitute. Employers must keep this additional information in order to prove they obey the law.  Even though the bill calls for a voluntary pilot program, it also calls for additional inspectors for enforcement to check the records of employers who choose not to participate in the program. That is not what I call voluntary. And I urge the approval of this amendment.  