Speaker, I support the conference report before the House today. I am hopeful this legislation will ensure that our telecommunications markets remain the most competitive in the world. The Justice Department's role in the success of the legislation before us is critical. For over a decade, the Justice Department has fostered competition in these markets and the bill requires that the Federal Communications Commission, as part of its interest review, will give ``substantial weight'' to the Justice Department's evaluation of a Bell Operating Company's application for entry into long distance.  The role included in this bill for the Department of Justice is truly essential to the ultimate success of this bill. In particular, the bill requires the FCC to rely on the Department's expertise to assess the overall competitive impact of the RBOCs entry into long distance. Clearly, there are other public interest factors which are entitled to their proper weight, and the FCC's reliance on the Justice Department is limited to antitrust related matters. In those instances when the cumulative effect of all other factors clearly and significantly outweighs the Justice Department's competitiveness concerns, the FCC should not be precluded from acting accordingly. However, I expect the FCC will not take actions that, in the Justice Department's view, would be harmful to competition.  Second, I strongly opposed a provision included in the House passed bill that would have allowed the Federal Communications Commission [FCC] to issue rules that would preempt local zoning on where to site cellular communications towers. Cellular communications companies would have been allowed to place towers in any location, regardless of local concerns and the actions of local city councils and planning commissions, provided that they had obtained approval from an FCC bureaucrat in Washington. It is estimated 100,000 towers will be sited across the country by the year 2000. I have consistently supported the rights of local governments to decide zoning questions and I opposed this bill because it dramatically infringed on the rights of local government with respect to zoning. I am pleased a compromise has been reached on this issue and the FCC will be prevented from infringing on the rights of local and State land use decisions. The authority of State and local governments over zoning and land use matters is absolutely essential and must be preserved.  I congratulate Chairmen Hyde, Bliley, and Fields for their tireless work on this historic legislation.  