75 billion in funding formula to each and every one of our States.  The failure to pass this resolution is also going to have a painful impact on hundreds of thousands of Americans when it comes to housing. In this bipartisan bill, we worked to make sure our vulnerable families would not be thrown out in the streets or face out-of-reach rent increases. We provided critical support for section 8 homeless assistance grants, housing equity conversion loans, HOPE VI, and public housing operating funds. If we do not pass this joint funding resolution and continue on a CR, that would mean housing vouchers are going to be lost, many of our low-income residents will become homeless, renters will be displaced or face unaffordable rent increases, and many of our seniors are going to lose a valuable source of equity. And importantly, efforts to replace deteriorating public housing units will be eliminated.  Clearly, for all I have walked through, the consequences of not passing the joint funding resolution are going to be severe for some of our country's most vulnerable families. It is clear that our communities across the board are going to pay a very high price unless we pass H.J. Res. 20 before us. I urge my colleagues to vote to allow our low-income families to keepa roof over their heads. I urge my colleagues to vote to keep our safety inspectors on the job, to keep highway construction projects moving forward, to help our local law enforcement fight crime, and I urge Senate colleagues to vote to give our veterans the care and benefits they have earned.  I urge my colleagues to support H.J. Res. 20; otherwise, you will have to tell your veterans and your police officers, your commuters, your air traffic controllers, your public housing tenants, your housing advocates, and your airline passengers, pilots, and flight attendants why you voted against them.  I urge my colleagues this afternoon to vote for cloture and then allow us to finish H.J. Res. 20 so we can put the funding in place that is sorely needed in every area in our local communities and for the people we represent.  I yield the floor.  