 President, I listened to the majority leader talk a few minutes ago about going out to do his morning exercise and hearing once again of nine soldiers who were killed today in Iraq and the heavy burden all of us have as we sit and listen to the debate about Iraq and how we should proceed and how we cannot ever forget the burden it places on so many families and will continue to be on so many families for years to come.  I have been out on this floor several times to talk about the administration's failure to care for our troops. I am sure it is not going to be my last time; in fact, I am positive it will not be my last time. I am going to keep talking about these men and women and their families who have been impacted so dramatically and what we are doing as a nation to make sure we are there for them every step of the way. Unfortunately, the list of failures is very long--too long. Recently, we heard about the obstacles of service men and women with traumatic brain injuries when they return home from battle. I have seen these men and women. I have watched what happens to them. It is not a couple of days. It is not a couple of months. It is a lifetime of dealing with a traumatic brain injury and how it impacts them, their families, their ability to be able to be productive, their family's ability to be able to put food on the table and continue to care for the person. It is a long-term cost. It is part of the cost of the war, and it is a burden we should all be sharing and as of yet have not been sharing.  We have heard about the shameful treatment of patients at Walter Reed Hospital. We have all felt so compassionate as we listened to these men and women and the squalid conditions they lived in. I am here to tell my colleagues, this is a syndrome, the ``Walter Reed'' syndrome. It is not just at Walter Reed. We are hearing from men and women across the country who have been impacted by this war and have been sort of the forgotten stepchildren of this war, left in a facility somewhere, and their families are struggling every single day, every single minute to deal with these young men and women. Sometimes they are older. I have talked to men and women who are in their 50s who are members of the Guard and Reserve who have been impacted. Some are grandparents.  This morning the President announced that one of our former colleagues, Senator Bob Dole, will join with former Secretary of Health and Human Services Donna Shalala, who will cochair a panel to look into the problems at the Department of Defense and the veterans health care system. I am pleased the President finally, after 4 years, is putting an emphasis on this crisis. I think he has chosen two very well-qualified individuals to lead this panel, but I remain very concerned.  First of all, let me remind everybody that the President received recommendation after recommendation from panel after panel during this administration, and time and time again he refused to implement their suggestions or simply ignored them. We see that on the Senate floor today. We are out here debating the 9/11 Commission. 