 When a kid gets a cut or requires stitches or comes down with a fever or an earache or with any imaginable problem, they should be able to get help, period. Unfortunately, today in America, the richest and most successful country ever, that is not the case. In fact, millions of American children do not have health insurance today, which means millions of American children cannot see a doctor when they are sick and millions of American children do not get the medicine they need to get better. As wages remain stagnant, as the cost of living--heat, food, clothing, college tuition, doctor's visits--increases, more and more parents today are unable to afford health care, and the ranks of uninsured children are growing.  This tragedy can only be described as a shame. It is unquestionably our moral obligation as Americans to correct it. It does not matter if you are Republican or Democrat, progressive or conservative--making sure our children get health care is the moral thing to do. Now, most of us in the Senate know this, and we are working now to do the moral thing--support reauthorizing and improving the Children's Health Insurance Program, or CHIP, which takes massive steps forward to giving our kids better health insurance in this country.  This bill will ensure that the 6.6 million children who are enrolled in CHIP continue receiving care, and it provides 3.2 million uninsured children with coverage. As a result, over the next 5 years, the number of uninsured children in America will drop by more than a third. It also strengthens the program by increasing funding for States that need the most help. You know, in recent years under President Bush's watch, many of our States have faced funding shortfalls, jeopardizing the coverage of countless children.  This bill also provides an emergency fund to cover unexpected shortfalls arising from economic downturns or emergencies. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office, which is a nonpartisan group of experts, predicts that 800,000 children now covered by CHIP or children's health insurance will lose coverage over the next 5 years unless there is an increase in funding above the base amount required.  This legislation which is before the Senate today provides $100 million as well for outreach and enrollment efforts that increase the participation of children in the Children's Health Insurance Program. It includes a national campaign to help raise awareness of the Children's Health Insurance Program and the targeting of our children in rural areas with high populations of eligible but unenrolled children today. Another outreach effort will provide funds for translation and interpretation service for CHIP, so minority children, especially Native Americans and Hispanics, will become more aware of this program.  Finally, this authorization plan provides my home State of Washington with the funding and flexibility we need to provide more children with quality health care.  This bill is a big win-win for Washington State and the many families who struggle to provide care for their children today. One of the smartest parts of this plan is that the money for these initiatives--$35 billion over 5 years--comes solely from a 61-cent excise tax increase on cigarettes andother tobacco products. No other programs are cut; Social Security is not raided; the deficit will not be increased.  Not only will this bill provide millions of American children with health care, but it is estimated that it will lead 1.7 million adult smokers to quit smoking, and that will cause a 9.2-percent decline in youth smoking and will prevent over 1.8 million kids from becoming smokers. So when you provide health care to millions of children and lead millions of young people to stop smoking or to never pick up a cigarette, this bill is a win-win for our country and for our children.  I think it is very important that I thank my colleague, Senator Max Baucus, for his tireless work on this issue and for all of America's children. Without his determination, we would not be so close to providing more of our kids with health care.  It is also important to note that this bill is bipartisan. Senator Grassley has worked very hard, along with Senator Baucus, in creating this legislation. It was passed out of committee on a commendable bipartisan basis.  Another big supporter of this bill on the floor has been Senator Hatch, who was a cosponsor, actually, of the original 1997 bill.  I listened to him as he recently said:       We are trying to do what is right by our children who are      currently not being helped by our health care system. If we      cover children properly, we will save billions of dollars in the long run. Even if we did not, we should still take care of those children.  Senators Grassley and Hatch are not alone on their side of the aisle. Many of our colleagues realize that supporting this legislation is the moral thing to do. Unfortunately, however, President Bush does not agree, and he has, amazingly, threatened to veto this bill. Now, he is going to be out there giving his reasons for the veto. He is going to make complicated arguments and throw some numbers around. But the bottom line is, the moral line is that vetoing this bill will endanger coverage for millions of children who are currently enrolled in our Children's Health Insurance Program, and a veto will deny millions of kids who would become covered under the bill a chance to see a doctor when they are sick. It seems, sadly, the moral light President Bush says guides his decisions has dimmed.  I wish to share the following story with President Bush and with any Senators who might be thinking about voting against this bill.  This is Sydney. Sydney and her mom Sandi DeBord live in Yakima, WA. Sydney has cystic fibrosis. Sydney's mom recently wrote to me. She talked about her daughter and the importance of the Children's Health Insurance Program, which allowed Sydney to get the care she needed, which extended her life and allowed her to live her short life to the fullest.  Mrs. DeBord wrote to me, and I want to read to you what she said. These are her words:       My daughter has a life-shortening genetic condition called      Cystic Fibrosis. With quality health care I believe her life      has been extended and she has been able to enjoy 9 years of      quality life.       Of course, she spent many weeks in the hospital on life-     saving IV antibiotics during those 9 years, and not a day      goes by that she does not have to endure taking a bucket full      of medicine. But despite the obstacle in her way, she is a      happy child living life to the fullest.       She is active, she does well in school, has many friends,      and loves to sing and dance. However, none of that would be      possible if it was not for the quality health care she      receives as part of the CHIP health care. I know for a fact      that without this bit of assistance, her life would end much      sooner due to the inability to afford quality health care for      her.       As her parent, it frightens me to even think some day she      may be without health care coverage if programs like CHIP are      no longer available.  She said:       I write to ask you to reauthorize the State Children's      Health Insurance Program and ensure the program is adequately      funded to provide high quality health care for children with      Cystic Fibrosis.  I hope President Bush and opponents of this bill will listen to this story. I hope they take a chance to look at Sydney and the life in her eyes and the life she has been able to live. I know Mrs. DeBord hopes they are listening as well.  It is our moral duty as Americans to ensure our kids can see a doctor when they are sick. The bill in front of us today fulfills that duty. It ensures that children covered by CHIP remain covered, and it ensures that millions without insurance today are going to get it.  I strongly urge my colleagues to do the moral thing and support the reauthorization of this Children's Health Insurance Program.  I yield the floor.  