 President, we face extremely serious threats here at home, and that is why it is so important that the Senate pass the Homeland Security Appropriations bill that is now before us.  This bill is designed to help strengthen our security at the Federal level, at the State level, and at the local level. From our local firehouses and our police departments, to our borders, airports, and seaports, this bill will help our country be more secure and better able to respond to any disasters we may encounter.  This year, in his budget, President Bush sought to cut funding for first responders and for emergency planning. And, frankly, he failed to adequately fund border security and port security. But here in the Senate, we have a different view. We want to invest in our security here at home, and we have written and signed a bill that I believe reflects the right priorities for this country.  Mr. President, I am honored to serve on the Appropriations Committee and on the Homeland Security Subcommittee under our distinguished chairman, Senator Byrd. No one cares more about the American people and no one has worked harder on this bill than Senator Byrd. Thanks to his efforts, and those of Senator Cochran, the bill that is before us passed our subcommittee unanimously, and it passed the full Appropriations Committee unanimously as well. That strong support we saw in both the subcommittee and full committee is really critical because the President has threatened to veto this bill. He thinks it spends too much on homeland security.  The President is welcome to make that argument, but in these times when we are facing terror threats and natural disasters, the American people want us to provide more support for homeland security, not less.  There are many very important investments in this bill. I wish to focus on three of them in which I have a special interest because I come as a Senator from a border State and my State has some of the Nation's busiest cargo ports, and I am an advocate for the local law enforcement, first responders, and emergency planners.  This bill will provide more resources for our border security. It actually provides an additional $240 million for new immigration-related homeland security costs. Those costs are not funded in the President's bill. As we all work to step up enforcement at our borders, we have to provide the resources from the Federal Government. That is why this bill does that.  I am also especially pleased that this bill boosts our investment in port security. Over the years I have worked with all of the stakeholders to make our ports more secure. Last year, in fact, the Senate passed the Murray-Collins GreenLane bill, now known as the SAFE Ports Act. The President of the United States signed our bill into law but he did not provide adequate funding so we could carry out the provisions of that legislation. We have been working to fix that here in the Senate. We started in the supplemental bill that passed a few months ago, where we boosted funding for port security grants, hiring more customs inspectors. We are continuing that work with this bill by fully funding port security grants for the first time ever.  This bill provides $60 million as well to create Coast Guard interagency operation centers. Those are centers that will allow the Federal Government, local governments, and State authorities to coordinate their efforts in maritime security.  The final part of this bill I want to quickly mention will be a tremendous help to our responders, to our emergency planners, and to our local lawenforcement agencies. In his budget the President cut the State Homeland Security Grant Program in half. This bill restores that cut. It is going to raise those State grants from the President's level of $250 million to the appropriate level of $525 million.  Our States and our cities have huge security needs and many of those needs go unmet today. I believe the Federal Government, which is in charge of our Nation's security, has a role in sharing that burden.  In addition, the budget of the President drastically cuts the Law Enforcement Terrorism Prevention Program. To me, that is out of touch with what our local law enforcement leaders at home are telling us they need. They are telling us they need more help, not less, so I am very pleased that in this bill we save that important program so it can continue to help our local law enforcement officials. This grant provides funds for antiterrorism to our first responders in each of our States. That is an area we have to strengthen, and we do so with the bill now before the Senate.  Given the strong support this bill got in subcommittee and in full committee, I am hopeful this Senate will pass it fairly quickly over the next several days by a wide margin. Then, of course, it will be up to the President to decide if the American people will get the security they deserve.  As I said a few minutes ago, President Bush has threatened to veto this bill because he says it spends too much on homeland security. Think about that for a minute. Our intelligence agencies warned us last Tuesday that al-Qaida is undiminished in its goal of attacking our homeland. What does the President say? He wants to cut funding for our first responders. That report found that al-Qaida is rebuilding its capabilities, its leadership is intact, and it continues to plan high-impact plots. That is what the President's NIE is telling us.  What is the President saying? Right now he wants to cut funding for our local antiterror efforts. Our intelligence experts ``judge that al-Qaida will intensify its efforts to put operatives here,'' on our soil, here, but the President wants to cut funding to enforce our borders.  We have all this evidence we need to be more secure here at home and we have the President's budget that makes us less secure at home. If the President wants to veto this bill, he is going to have to explain to the American people why the police department down the street from you is going to be getting less support. He is going to have to explain why the fire station around the corner is going to get less help. He is going to have to explain why your community can't develop an emergency plan so they are prepared for any disaster that may occur. If the President plans to veto this bill, he is going to have to make the case to the American people.  I say I am proud of this bill, I am proud of the work of the committee, and I know it will help our communities take the steps they must to keep us all safe.  I urge all of our colleagues to quickly pass this bill, vote for it, and move it along the process so we can say we have done our part to make our communities more secure.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. McCaskill). The Senator from West Virginia.  