 President, we are now in the fifth year of the war in Iraq. Once again this year, the President failed to include an honest cost of the war in the budget he sends to Congress every year. Why is that so important at this time? If the President had initially sent to Congress a realistic budget instead of one that is intended to make his fiscal policies look less irresponsible, our men and women in the service wouldn't be faced with debate after debate after debate on emergency spending bills to pay for the cost of the war. Unfortunately, again, he did not send us a budget that was honest and paid for the war. So what we have now is an emergency spending bill for Iraq and other emergencies.  Unfortunately, last night--and sadly, in my opinion--the President decided to say no to our men and women in Iraq, to our veterans, to victims of Katrina, and to many other people who needed this measure passed and signed by him.  Democrats understand that our troops and their families should not pay for the President's budget games. That is why we passed funding for the emergency supplemental at record speed--faster, in fact, than the Republicans did in the last 2 years. Back in 2005, the Republican Congress didn't send the President emergency funding until May 10. In 2006, the Republican Congress did not send an emergency funding bill until June 15. Not only did we send the White House a bill earlier than ever, we sent legislation that contained more funds than the President requested and all the money our troops need. Unfortunately for our troops, yesterday, 4 years after President Bush declared ``mission accomplished'' and 12 days after it was reported that 104 American servicemembers died in April, making it the deadliest month since the surge began, the President decided to veto that bill. With that, he decided to delay the funding for our troops.  Included in that bill were billions of dollars to help solve the problems facing our men and women in uniform when they return home. 