 President, I rise today to discuss H.R. 3688, the United States-Peru Trade Promotion Agreement. Washington State is extremely trade dependent, and this agreement will have direct impacts to my constituents at home, particularly farmers growing asparagus. In addition, I am concerned about existing labor practices for miners in Peru.  The domestic asparagus industry has been economically injured by the Andean Trade Preference Act's, ATPA, extended duty-free status to imports of fresh Peruvian asparagus. There has been a 2000-percent increase in Peruvian asparagus imports into the U.S. since ATPA was enacted. The asparagus industry suffered the greatest negative impact from the ATPA, according to the U.S. International Trade Commission's analysis of the agreement. The effects of the agreement to Washington State's asparagus industry were dramatic.  Prior to the ATPA, there were over 55 million pounds of asparagus canned in Washington State, roughly two-thirds of the industry. By 2007, all three asparagus canners in Washington relocated to Peru. As asparagus production fell, I fought to provide assistance for these hard-working men and women whose industry had been devastated.  To mitigate the impacts to growers, I tried to get them trade adjustment assistance. I have secured funding over the past several years to conduct research on a mechanical harvester to make this labor-intensive crop less costly to produce. Most recently, I helped secure $15 million in the farm bill for a market loss assistance program for asparagus growers. This funding will help farmers who have continued to grow asparagus despite the challenges ATPA has presented. I am hopeful that this program will help growers continue to invest in asparagus.  Many of our asparagus growers have turned to other crops, and this Peru trade bill will help them, along with many other farmers in Washington State. While I have serious concerns about the continued effects on the asparagus industry in the U.S. and in Washington State, overall this bill will have a positive impact for agriculture in Washington State.  I would also like to note my concern about labor practices for miners in Peru and the unintended negative impact that this agreement may have on them.  A report by the Congressional Research Service indicates that while Peru endorses the International Labor Organization's core labor standards in the PTPA, concerns remain about their compliance with and the enforcement of these standards. I was discouraged to learn that while Congress was considering the PTPA, the Peruvian Government stalled in its efforts to secure statutory protections for miners and declared it illegal for metal miners to continue striking in support of stronger labor laws.  As chair of the Senate HELP Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety and an advocate for labor rights and workplace protections, I am concerned that the Peruvian Government's most recent actions do not convey a good-faith effort to reform its labor laws. I have worked tirelessly to ensure that miners in our own country have the safety protections on the job that they deserve. In light of the tragic mine disasters in West Virginia, I was proud to help write and pass the landmark MINER's Act last year. Miners put their lives on the line every day to provide for their families, and we must work to ensure they have a respected voice at the table and that their rights are protected.  While I believe this agreement will ultimately do more good than harm, I hope my colleagues will join me in encouraging the Peruvian President, Congress, and Labor Minister to fulfill their promise and pass much needed labor reform legislation without hesitation.  As you may know, Washington State is the most trade dependent State in the Nation. From apples to potatoes to Microsoft and Boeing, we rely heavily on international trade. This trade agreement, when taken as a whole, will do more to bolster the economy of my State and the Nation, and thus merits support.  