 President, I thank our floor managers, Senator Kennedy and Senator Enzi, for yielding me time at this point to talk about the extremely important legislation that we have before us today.  In these days of global competition, a college education is the gateway to a successful career, to a growing economy, and to a stronger future for our entire country. Today, we have in the Senate an opportunity to help more students attend college and to afford a college education. I am pleased to be here today to speak on the Higher Education Access Act.  Mr. President, when I was growing up, my family didn't have a lot. The only way I was able to attend college was through Pell grants and student loans. In fact, because of Pell grants and student loans, all seven kids in my family were able to go to college and to get an education and to graduate. Today, those seven kids, because of Pell grants and student loans, have become a school teacher, a lawyer, a firefighter, a homemaker, a computer programmer, a sports writer, and a U.S. Senator.  In my book, Mr. President, that was a pretty good investment by our country. I want to make sure now that students today have the same opportunities I had growing up. It is important for them as individuals, and it is critical for our country's future.  In recent years, the deck has become increasingly stacked against our students. College has become more expensive while some of our large lenders have taken advantage of students. Those students who are able to attend college are often graduated and saddled with debt and unable to have the resources to even buy a car or even think about purchasing a home. Other graduates can't pursue public service jobs in areas where our country really needs their help because they can't afford to pay back their loans on a public service salary.  The bill that is before the Senate this afternoon will begin to turn the tide back in favor of our students. It will put our students first and make college more affordable. It will help our recent graduates, and it will encourage public service.  I also worked on this bill to ensure that military servicemembers get more time to defer their student loan payments while they are on active duty, and I was pleased to provide more help for homeless and foster students who often face unique problems when they try to navigate the college process.  Before I turn to some of the details in the bill, I want to take a moment to thank Senator Kennedy for his leadership in moving these proposals forward and making sure this bill finally does right by those who count the most, our students.  First, this bill raises the maximum Pell grant by 25 percent over 4 years to $5,400 per student. That is going to make a real difference for students in my home State of Washington. In my State of Washington, in 1986, the maximum Pell grant covered 53 percent of the cost of a public 4-year college. Today, it only covers 33 percent of those costs. So those students have gone from having 53 percent of their costs covered down to 33 percent. By raising the maximum Pell grant, this bill is going to help students in Washington State and across the country do what we all want them to do, and that is to go to college.  In Washington State, this bill is going to make another $39.6 million available in need-based grants next year alone, and over 5 years the bill will provide an additional $340.6 million for low-income students.  This bill will also ensure that college graduates are not trapped by high loan payments after college. It will guarantee that borrowers will not have to pay more than 15 percent of their monthly income in student loan payments. That will help bring immediate relief to our students whom we see burdened with these excessive loans.  Another problem with the high student loan debt is that it limits the career choice of many of our college graduates. Many of them can't afford to take a job in public service and pay back their loans at the same time. This bill will help encourage public service by providing loan forgiveness for graduates who pursue careers in these areas.  As I worked on this bill with my colleagues, I thought it was very important to help out military servicemembers who have student loans. I have worked very hard to allow those who are serving in combat or national emergencies to defer their student loan payments during their deployments and as they transition out of service. Today, under current law, it limits how long servicemembers can defer their payments to only 3 years.  As many of us know, our military members have been on active duty today much longer than that. This bill makes a critical step forward in lifting that 3-year limit and will help make more of our servicemembers eligible. Those who are serving our country have enough to worry about. Financial challenges and worrying about paying back their student loans should not be something they have to worry about as they serve overseas and transition back here to home.  I was also pleased to help improve college access for our homeless and foster students. Those students who are homeless or come from foster homes face tremendous barriers in their education, especially those who do not have a parent or guardian who are able to help guide them through the process. In this bill, I worked to help simplify the student aid application process and made homeless and foster students eligible for higher levels of assistance.  Before I conclude, I do wish to say there is one amendment that may come on this bill about which I am very concerned, and that is because it would tear through this bill and undermine all the progress we have worked so hard to make for our students. That is an amendment that allows higher subsidies for some lenders, including lenders who acted so irresponsibly in the recent student loan scandals. That amendment is going to take money away from our students and take money away from the Pell grants in this bill.  With this bill, we are trying to help more students afford college. The amendment would take money away from our students and away from Pell grants and I do not see any reason why we should change this bill and help fewer students and put that money back into the pockets of lenders. As we move through this bill, I hope we will reject efforts that hurt students so we can pass this strong and effective student aid legislation.  To me, it is simple. If we want our economy to grow, if we want our people to succeed, if we want our country to be strong, we have to help more students today get a college education. This bill that is before the Senate will do that. I urge all our colleagues to support this bill in the strongest measure as it has been brought forward to us by Senator Kennedy.  