 President, we had extensive debate yesterday on the Hollings amendment. Let me repeat some of that for the record today.  The Hollings amendment is at least very straightforward. As I understand what the Senator from South Carolina is saying, in order to enact the various campaign finance schemes that have been promoted around the Senate over the last decade or so, you have to, in fact, amend the first amendment to the U.S. Constitution. I think he is correct in that. I happen to think, however, that is a terrible idea.  His amendment would essentially eviscerate the first amendment to the U.S. Constitution, change it dramatically for the first time in 200 years, to allow the Government--that is us here in the Congress--to determine who may speak, when they may speak and, conceivably, even what they may speak. Of course, under this amendment, the press would not be exempt. So everyone who had anything to say about American political matters in support of or in opposition to a candidate would fall under the regulatory rubric of the Congress. The American Civil Liberties Union called this a ``recipe for repression.'' It is the kind of power the Founding Fathers clearly did not want to reside in elected officials.  So this is a step we should not take. The good news is the last time we voted on the Hollings amendment in 1997, it only got 38 votes. I am confident this will not come anywhere near the 67 votes it would need to clear the Senate.  I am rarely aligned with either Common Cause or the Washington Post on the campaign finance issue. They oppose the Hollings amendment. Senator Feingold, of McCain-Feingold fame, also opposes the Hollings amendment.  This would be a big step in the wrong direction. I am confident the Senate will not take that step when the vote occurs sometime early this afternoon.  Now, some random observations on the subject of campaign finance reform. There has been a suggestion that this has become a leading issue nationally and will determine the outcome of the Presidential election. I think, first, it is important to kind of look back over the last few months at how this issue has fared with the American people, since it has been discussed so much by the press. There was an ABC-Washington Post poll right after the New Hampshire primary among both Republicans and Democrats, weighting the importance of issues. Among Republicans, only 1 percent--this was a national poll--thought campaign finance reform was an important issue and, among Democrats, only 2 percent.  Earlier this year, in January, another poll--a national poll--asked: What is the single most important issue to you in deciding whom you will support for President? Campaign finance was down around only 1 percent of the people nationally who thought that was an important issue in deciding how to vote for President. Further, a more recent CNN-Gallup-USA Today poll, in March--essentially after the two nominations for President for both parties had been wrapped up, after Super Tuesday--asked: What do you think is the most important problem facing this country today? It was open-ended. American citizens could pick any issue they wanted to as the most important problem facing this country today.  In this poll of the American public, over 1,000 adults all across America, 32 different issues were mentioned. It was an open-ended poll among American citizens as to what they thought was the most important issue. Not a single person mentioned campaign finance reform in this open-ended survey after Super Tuesday, after this issue had been much discussed in the course of the nomination fights for both the Democrats and the Republicans. Of course, in California, on the very same day as the Super Tuesday vote, there was, in fact, a referendum on the ballot in California providing for taxpayer funding of elections and all of the various schemes promoted by the reformers here in the Senate in recent years. It was defeated 2-1.  So we have substantial evidence among the American people as to what they feel about this issue in terms of its importance in casting votes for the President of the United States or, for that matter, for Members of Congress as well.  It has been suggested by the reformers on this issue over the years that if we will just pass various forms of campaign finance reform, the public will feel better about us, their skepticism about us will be reduced, and their cynicism about politics will subside. A number of other countries have passed the kind of legislation that has been proposed here over the last 15 or 20 years. Most of those--or all of those countries don't have a first amendment, so they don't have that impeding legislative activity. I think it is interesting to look at these other countries and what the results have been in terms of public attitudes about government that have come after they have passed the kinds of legislation that has been advocated around here in one form or another over the years.  Let's look at some industrialized democracies. Our neighbor to the north, Canada, has passed many of the types of regulations supported by the reformers in the Senate over the years. They have passed spending limits for all national candidates. All national candidates must abide by these to be eligible to receive taxpayer matching funds. The Vice President just yesterday came out with a taxpayer-funded scheme for congressional elections. I have seen survey data on that. It would be more popular to vote for a congressional pay raise than to vote to spend tax money on buttons and balloons and commercials. That is what the Vice President came out for yesterday. We look forward to debating, in the courseof the fall election, how the American people feel about having their tax dollars go to pay for political campaigns.  Nevertheless, other countries have done that. I was talking about Canada. Candidates can spend $2 per voter for the first 15,000 votes they get, a dollar per voter for all votes up to 25,000, and 50 cents per voter beyond 25,000. They have spending limits on parties that restrict parties to spending the product of a multiple used to account for the cost of living. This is an incredibly complex scheme they have in Canada-- a product of a multiple used to account for cost of living times the number of registered voters in each electoral district in which that party has a candidate running for office.  It almost makes you laugh just talking about this.  Right now, in Canada, it comes out to about $1 per voter. They have indirect funding via media subsidies. The Canadian Government requires that radio and TV networks provide all parties with a specified amount of free air time during the month prior to an election. The Government also provides subsidies to defray the cost of political publishing and gives tax credits to individuals and corporations which donate to candidates and/or parties. It sounds similar to the Gore proposal of yesterday.  They have this draconian scheme up in Canada in which nobody gets to speak beyond the Government's specified amount. The Government's subsidies are put into both campaigns and parties and media subsidies.  What has been the reaction of the Canadian people in terms of their confidence expressed toward their Government?  The most recent political science studies of Canada demonstrate that despite all of this regulation of political speech by candidates and parties, the number of Canadians who believe that ``the Government doesn't care what people like me think'' has grown from roughly 45 percent to approximately 67 percent.  The Canadians put in this system presumably to improve the attitude of Canadians about their Government, and it has declined dramatically since the imposition of this kind of control over political speech. Confidence in the national legislature in Canada declined from 49 percent to 21 percent, and the number of Canadians satisfied with the system of government has declined from 51 percent to 34 percent.  Here we have in our neighbor to the north, Canada, an example of a country responding to concerns about cynicism about politics in government put in all of these speech controls, and the people in Canada have dramatically less confidence in the Government now than they did before all of this was enacted.  Let's take a look at Japan.  According to the Congressional Research Service, ``Japanese election campaigns, including campaign financing, are governed by a set of comprehensive laws that are the most restrictive among democratic nations.''  After forming a seven-party coalition government in August, 1993 Prime Minister Hosokawa--this sounds like the Vice President--placed campaign finance reform at the top of his agenda, just as Vice President Gore did yesterday. He asserted that his reforms would restore democracy in Japan. In November 1994, his legislation passed. After this legislation, the Japanese Government imposed the following restrictions on political speech. Listen to this. This is the law in Japan:  Candidates are forbidden from donating to their own campaigns.  Any corporation that is a party to a Government contract, grant, loan, or subsidy is prohibited from making or receiving any political contributions for 1 year after they receive such a contract, grant, loan, or subsidy.  In addition, there are strict limits on what corporations and unions and individuals may give to candidates and parties.  There are limits on how much candidates may spend on their campaigns.  Candidates are prohibited from buying any advertisements.  Listen to this: Candidates are prohibited from buying any advertisements in magazines and newspapers beyond the five print media ads of a specified length that the Government purchases for each candidate.  Parties are allotted a specific number of Government-purchased ads of a specified length.  The number of ads a party gets is based on the number of candidates they have running.  It is illegal for these party ads to discuss individual candidates in Japan. It is illegal.  In Japan, candidates and parties spend nothing on media advertising because not only are they prohibited from purchasing print media ads, they are also prohibited from buying time on television and radio.  Talk about speech controls--in Japan, candidates can't buy any time on television and radio.  The Government requires TV stations to permit parties and each candidate a set number of television and radio ads during the 12 days prior to the election. Each candidate gets to make one Government-subsidized television broadcast.  The Government's Election Management Committee--that is a nice title--provides each candidate with a set number of sideboards and posters that subscribe to a standard Government-mandated format.  The Election Management Committee also designates the places and times that candidates may give speeches.  In Japan, the Government designates the times and places candidates may give speeches.  This is the most extraordinary control over political discussion imaginable. All of this campaign finance reform in Japan was enacted earlier in the 1990s.  What makes it even more laughable is, after all of this happened, all of these regulations on political speech that amount to a reformers wish list were imposed, you have to ask the question: Did cynicism decline? Did trust in government increase? ``Not so should be noted,'' as we say down in Kentucky. Following the disposition of these regulations, the number of Japanese who said they had ``no confidence in legislators''--the Japanese passed campaign finance reform that Common Cause could only drool over. They did it in Japan. And after they did it, following the imposition of these regulations, the number of Japanese who said they had ``no confidence in legislators'' rose to 70 percent.  Following the enactment of this draconian control of political discourse that I just outlined, in Japan only 12 percent of Japanese believe the Government is responsive to the people's opinions and wishes.  After the enactment of all of this control over political discussion in Japan, the percentage of Japanese ``satisfied'' with the nation's political system fell to a mere 5 percent and voter turnout continued to decline.  Let's take a look at France.  In France, there is significant regulation of political activity:  Government funding of candidates;  Government funding of parties;  Free radio and television time, reimbursement for printing posters and for campaign-related transportation;  They banned contributions to candidates by any entity except parties and PACs;  Individual contributors to parties are limited;  Strict expenditure limits are set for each electoral district;  And every single candidate's finances are audited by a national commission to ensure compliance with the rules.  Despite these regulations, the latest political science studies in France demonstrate that the French people's confidence in their Government and political institutions has continued to decline, and voter turnout has continued to decline.  Let's take a look at Sweden.  Sweden has imposed the following regulations on political speech:  In Sweden, there is no fundraising--none at all--or spending for individual candidates. Citizens merely vote for parties and assign seats on proportion of votes they receive.  The Government subsidizes print ads by parties.  Despite the fact that Sweden has no fundraising or spending for individual candidates since these requirements have been in force, the number of Swedes disagreeing with the statement that ``parties are only interested in people's votes, not in their opinions'' has declined from 51 percent to 28 percent.  The number of people expressing confidence in the Swedish Parliament has declined from 51 percent to 19 percent.  So we could follow the rest of the world and trash the first amendment and enact all of these draconian controls over political discussion, and there is no evidence anywhere in the world that produces greater faith in government or greater confidence in the process. In fact, there is every bit of evidence that it declines dramatically after the enactment of these kinds of reforms.  I am confident we will not start repealing the first amendment today through the passage of the Hollings amendment. Only 38 Senators voted for this in 1997 when it was last before us, and I am certain there won't be many more than that today.  Mr. President, how much time remains in opposition to the Hollings amendment?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Enzi). Three minutes.  Mr. McCONNELL. The Senator from Wisconsin is here to speak in opposition to the Hollings amendment.  