 President, I come to the floor to support the Affordable Education Act, which addresses an important issue facing American families today--the education of their children. It is my long-held belief that we need to make a college education more affordable, and this legislation will do that by providing tax incentives to families who save for their children's future education needs.  While I strongly support this legislative package, I want to focus on a provision which I have championed for the past six years. Section 102 of the bill makes savings in qualified state tuition plans tax free. This provision would reward savings and allow students and families who are participating in these state-sponsored plans to be exempt from federal income tax when the funds are used for qualified education purposes. This legislation also recognizes the leadership that states have provided in helping families save for college. Nationwide, 44 savings plans will be established in 2000, serving over one million savers who have contributed over $7 billion in education savings. In my state of Kentucky, over 3,000 families have established accounts, which amount to $9.3 million in savings.  This legislation will reward long-term saving by making savings for education tax-free. It is important that we not forget that compounded interest cuts both ways. By saving, participants can keep pace with, or even ahead of, tuition increases while putting a little away at a time. By borrowing, students bear added interest costs that add thousands to the total cost of tuition. Savings will have a positive impact, by reducing the need for students to borrow tens of thousands of dollars in student loans. This will help make need-based grants, which target low-income families, go much further.  Anyone with a child in college knows first-hand the expense of higher education. Throughout the 1990s, education costs have continually outstripped the gains in income. Tuition rates have not become the greatest obstacle students face in attending college. In fact, the astronomical increase in college costs has been well documented. According to a study conducted by the College Board, over the ten-year period ending in 1999-00, tuition and fees at both pubic and private four-year colleges have increased on average more than 110 percent over inflation since 1980-81, with costs at public colleges rising 51 percent compared to the 34 percent for private four-year colleges. While average, inflation-adjusted tuition has more than doubled, median family income has risen only 22 percent since 1981. To compound this problem, room and board charges are between 3.6 and 4.8 percent higher this year than last year.  Due to the high cost of education, more and more families have come to rely on financial aid to meet tuition costs. In fact, a majority of all college students utilize some amount of financial assistance. The College Board estimates that most of the growth in financial aid has been in the form of student borrowing. In 1998-99, $64.1 billion in financial aid was available to students and their families from federal, state, and institutional sources. However, despite the fact that student aid has increased in value, it has not increased enough to keep pace with the rise in tuition.  Many Kentuckians are drawn to tuition savings plans because they offer a low-cost, disciplined approach to savings. In fact, the average monthly contribution in Kentucky is just $52--clearly this benefits middle-class savers. By exempting all interest earningsfrom federal taxes, this legislation rewards parents who are serious about their children's future and who are committed over the long-term to the education of their children.  I would like to share an article written by Jane Bryant Quinn, a nationally syndicated financial columnist. In this article, Ms. Quinn discusses the unique tax benefit and the stable investment provided by the existing plans. Ms. Quinn noted that these plans are ``a great way for parents or grandparents to build a college fund.'' Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the article be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks. I encourage all of my colleagues to read it.  