 Speaker, the bill before the Senate is a half billion dollars below last year's appropriation--the fiscal year 2000 bill was $15.4 billion--this year we are presenting a $14.9 billion bill. This includes $14.5 billion in fiscal year 2000 funds plus an additional $466 million in supplemental funding for debt relief, Southern Africa, and the Balkans.  Although we are below last year's level, we have managed to substantially increase key priorities, including providing $865 million for Ex-Im, a nearly $100 million increase over last year, $1.3 billion for development assistance, again a $100 million increase, within child survival we surpassed the request for AIDS funding and provided $315 million. Overall child survival funding was also increased to $963 million. In addition to over $1 billion in supplemental funds for Colombia, the Narcotics and Law enforcement account was increased by $20 million over the request to $325 million. For the first time in years, we managed to increase security assistance. This account is of real concern to our friends and allies in Central and Eastern Europe. We exceeded the request and provided $3.545 billion. To respond to crises from Chechnya to Sierra Leone, we substantially increased funding both over last year's level and this year's request for refugees to $700 million. In this account we were able to work out a compromise that will improve management and oversight of UNHCR while affording the administration flexibility to respond rapidly to any real emergency.  Finally, we provided funds for the fiscal year 2001 and the supplemental request for debt relief. In addition to language on IMF reforms recommended by Senator Gramm, we have included a number of HIPC conditions worked out between Senator Helms and Congressman Leach, representing the authorizing committees. There are a number of policy provisions which are also important to mention. Within the $675 million account for Eastern Europe, we have provided up to $100 million for Serbia. Senator Leahy and I agree that we will never be able to withdraw troops and help stabilize the Balkans as long as Milosevic and other criminals responsible for outrageous atrocities across the Balkans are allowed to go free. No government in the region will have confidence in Belgrade if the rule of law is not upheld.  The administration lobbied heavily against our arguments that U.S. support for the new government should come with specific conditions attached. We thought aid should flow only if the Serb government met three specific conditions: First, they need to cooperate with the War Crimes Tribunal. Second, they must take steps to end support for organizations in the Republic of Srpska which prevent effective integration of Bosnia Hercegovina. Finally, given Belgrade's vicious track record, we thought it was important to seek assurances that the new government will implement policies which respect the rights and aspirations of minorities and the rule of law. Each of these conditions was designed to serve our interests in stabilizing the region so that an exit strategy for U.S. troops can be safely and effectively executed. The bill modifies this approach and includes an agreement which will give this administration and the new government in Belgrade a 5-month window in which assistance can move forward. After that period, only humanitarian aid and support to local mayors will be allowed if Belgrade refuses to meet the conditions which I have outlined.  I must confess my reservations about this approach. I listened to the arguments for flexibility, but I have little confidence in the administration's past record of support for the Tribunal andstanding up to Belgrade. I believe that there is no problem in Serbia that will be made easier by Milosevic's predatory presence. No regional government will have confidence in Belgrade as long as he is allowed to go free. It is in their interest and ours to see him turned over for trial. In the end I agreed to this compromise because funds for Serbia are made available subject to the committee's notification. If there is no sign of cooperation or progress on our conditions during the next five months, the administration should understand that I will put a hold on funding. This compromise is not a free pass to spend for five months--Senator Leahy and I will be expecting concrete progress. The second area of tremendous concern addressed in the bill is Russia's action in Chechnya. Since launching this war, Moscow has blocked all humanitarian relief operations or international human rights investigations from proceeding in Chechnya. While we cannot always change the views in Moscow, I was extremely disappointed by the administration refusal to support the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights call for an international investigation. Instead Secretary Albright testified the administration preferred to allow Moscow to conduct its own internal investigation. The State Department has also rejected support for non-government groups providing relief and preferred instead to work through the Russian government.  To address these problems, we have earmarked $10 million for the more than 400,000 displaced families in Chechnya and Ingushetia which can only be provided through NGOs. Aid to the Russian government is also made contingent upon cooperation with international investigations in Chechnya. We have also made aid to the Russian Government contingent upon a certification that Moscow has terminated support for the nuclear program in Iran. In the past we have withheld 50 percent of the Russian government funds until this certification is made--this year we have increased the withholding to 60 percent. Putin has said Russia must build a dictatorship of law--what remains unclear is whether his personal emphasis will be on dictatorship or law. I think our aid should be leverage to secure a result which serves American interests and nuclear armed Iran certainly is not in U.S. interests.  Finally, let me mention debt relief. Senator Helms and Congressman Leach reported out bills which conditioned U.S. support to the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative managed by the IMF and the World Bank. The Foreign Relations Committee bill requires the Secretary of Treasury to certify that it is World Bank policy to--(1) suspend funding if loans are diverted or misused, (2) not displace private sector funding, and (3) disburse funds based on the implementation of reforms by the recipient country including the promotion of open markets and liberalization of trade practices, the promotion of projects which enhance economic growth and the establishment of benchmarks to measure progress toward graduation from assistance. Similar conditions are required of the IMF. In addition to including language supported by Senator Helms and Congressman Leach, we have included House language limiting resources to countries engaged in a pattern of human rights abuses. I supported stronger language which would have required that the Secretary of Treasury certify that the IMF and Bank actually were implementing new policy conditions before Treasury was allowed to disburse funds--this approach was recommended by Senator Gramm, the chairman of the Banking Committee. That was my view of how it should have been handled. Instead, my colleagues on the conference supported Helms-Leach language which releases the funds and then requires reporting on performance over the course of the next year.  While I completely agreed with Senator Gramm, I also shared the problem he has with his committee--there simply were not the votes to sustain this position. I think we have made progress on conditioning debt relief, but the Treasury Department should understand that I will continue to consult with Senator Gramm when we receive notifications on intended debt relief recipients. Performance benchmarks are essential if we are to avoid seeing the same groups of countries and banks back in 5 years seeking the same relief all over again. Separate from the HIPC relief, we did include binding requirements that the Treasury Department withhold 10 percent of our contribution to any multilateral bank until specific conditions are met on procurement and management reforms. Not only will the banks have to improve internal management practices through audits, they will have to improve recipient country procurement management and financial practices. This is an important step in our battle against fraud and corruption. Once again, I think we have produced a balanced bill which funds U.S. priorities within sound budget principles and I urge its favorable consideration.  Finally, I repeat, this bill is below the amount spent for foreign operations last year. That makes it somewhat unique among the appropriations bills we have been in the process of passing, and I am proud to say we were able to bring this bill in under last year's total.  Mr. President, are we under some time agreement?  