 President, when I think of my dear friend Slade Gorton, I am reminded of how many of our colleagues are frequently saying: I wish I were Governor; or, I really ought to be out making some money; or, I am really not satisfied being 1 of 100; or, there must be something better I could be doing with my life.  I have heard that from many of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I once asked Slade Gorton: Slade, did you ever think about running for Governor? And he said: Absolutely not. I wouldn't have that job. He said: I love the legislative process.  And no one is better at the legislative process than our good friend Slade Gorton.  I forget which brokerage house it was, but there used to be commercials that said, when so and so spoke, everyone listened. Whether it was the Republican conference meetings or on those rare occasions when all Members met together, Slade Gorton was rarely the first one to talk, but when he spoke, everyone listened.  Slade Gorton is one of the great Senators of the 20th century. He had a sense of the history of this body. I had an opportunity to serve with him recently on a committee that Senator Lott and Senator Daschle appointed to select two Senators to be added to the portraits just outside the door. For about 40 years, we have had five that were designated as the five greatest Senators back in the early 1960s or in the mid-1950s. The thought was that we would add two more Senators to the list.  Slade sort of led our side, which consisted of the majority leader and myself and him, in reaching the conclusion that if we were going to pick someone of this century it made a lot of sense to pick Arthur Vandenberg, who had been chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and had really made the Truman policy of containment in the development of NATO a bipartisan matter, since there was, in fact, a Republican Congress right after World War II. Slade thoughtfully analyzed all of the possibilities and recommended Arthur Vandenberg because he thought the single most important thing of the second half of the 20th century was the winning of the cold war.  Out of all the many things that occur here, he was able to sort that out and come up concisely with what was, indeed, the biggest challenge of the second half of the previous century, the winning of the cold war, and applying that to the Senate and coming up with an individual on our side of the aisle, which was our charge, who would help make that policy bipartisan. And of course, it lasted until the Berlin Wall came down in 1989. That is the kind of thinker Slade Gorton is.  Out of all the maneuvering that occurs here, all of which is important, all of which has an impact on the ultimate outcome, Slade uniquely could look beyond that and see the big picture andsort of bring Members out of our contentious decisions in conference about whatever the particular issue was to see a larger picture of what was not only in the best interests of our party, but more importantly, what was in the best interests of the country.  He is an extraordinary legislative strategist. I know he is going to miss being in the Senate because he didn't think there was a better job somewhere else he ought to be doing. Being in the Senate to Slade was never his second choice. It was his first choice. Every one of our colleagues who has been Governor and come to the Senate says a Senator who used to be Governor who tells you they like the Senate better will lie to you about other things.  That, clearly, was not Slade's view. This was not his second choice. This was where he wanted to be.  We are going to miss his friendship. He was one of my best friends in the Senate and, I would say even if he were not on the floor, which he is, one of the two brightest guys in the Senate, the other one being the Senator from Texas from whom we just heard.  But we are not going to lose contact with Slade, many of us. I know there will be a new challenge for him. He is bright and vigorous and committed to public service. Someplace, hopefully in the very near future, there will be an opportunity for him to continue to make a mark on our wonderful country.  So we say goodbye to you, Slade, in the Senate, but look forward to continuing our friendship in the years to come. The Senate will certainly be a poorer place without your presence.  I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  