 President, based on the caricatures of Professor Bradley Smith, one would think he must have horns and a tail. I unveil a picture of Brad Smith and his family in the hopes of putting to rest some of these rumors.  Let me quote Professor Smith himself on this point, talking about the experience he has had over the last 10 months. He said: In the last 10 months since my name first surfaced as a candidate, certain outside groups and editorial writers opposed to this nomination have relied on invective and ridicule to try to discredit me. Among other things, some have likened nominating me to nominating Larry Flynt, a pornographer, to high office. Nominating me has been likened to nominating David Duke, one-time leader in the Ku Klux Klan, to high office. Nominating me has been likened to nominating Theodore Kaczynski, the Unabomber, a murderer, to high office.  Professor Smith went on and said: Just this week I saw a new one. I was compared to nominating Jerry Springer, which is probably not a good comparison since Springer is a Democrat. Other critics have attempted ridicule, labeling me a ``flat Earth Society poobah,'' and more.  He says: I say all this not by way of complaint because I'm sure that Members--he is referring to Members of the Senate--have probably been called similar or worse things in the course of their public lives.  I thought it might be appropriate to begin with a photograph of Professor Smith and his family, which bears little resemblance to Larry Flynt, David Duke, or Theodore Kaczynski.  It is my distinct honor today to rise in support of the nomination of Professor Bradley A. Smith to fill the open Republican seat on the bipartisan Federal Election Commission.  In considering the two FEC nominees, Professor Brad Smith and Commissioner Danny McDonald, the Senate must answer two fundamental questions: Is each nominee experienced, principled, and ethical? And: Will the FEC continue to be a balanced, bipartisan commission?  I might state this is a different kind of commission. It is a commission set up on purpose to have three members of one party and three members of another party so that neither party can take advantage of the other in these electoral matters that come before the Commission. The Federal Election Commission is charged with regulating the political speech of individuals, groups, and parties without violating the first amendment guarantee of freedom of speech and association--obviously, a delicate task.  Over the past quarter century, the FEC has had difficulty maintaining this all-important balance and has been chastised, even sanctioned, by the Federal courts for overzealous prosecution and enforcement that treated the Constitution with contempt and trampled the rights of ordinary citizens.  In light of the FEC's congressionally mandated balancing act and the fundamental constitutional freedoms at stake, Congress established the balanced, bipartisan, six-member Federal Election Commission. The law and practice behind the FEC nominations process has been to allow each party to select its FEC nominees. The Republicans pick the Republicans; the Democrats pick the Democrats. As President Clinton said recently, this is, ``the plain intent of the law, which requires that it be bipartisan and by all tradition, that the majority make the nomination'' to fill the Republican seat on the Commission.  Professor Bradley Smith was a Republican choice agreed to by the Republicans in the House and the Republicans in the Senate and put forward by the Republicans to the President of the United States, who has nominated him.  Typically, Republicans complain that the Democratic nominees prefer too much regulation and too little freedom, while Democrats complain that the Republican nominees prefer too little regulation and too much freedom.  Ultimately both sides bluster and delay a bit, create a little free media attention, and then move the nominees forward. In fact, the Senate has nevervoted down another party's FEC nominee in a floor vote or even staged a filibuster on the Senate floor.  At the end of the day, however, the bipartisan nature of the FEC serves the country well. The FEC gets a few commissioners that naturally lean toward regulation and a few commissioners that naturally lean toward constitutionally-protected freedoms. And the country gets a six-member bipartisan Federal Election Commission to walk the critical fine line between regulation and freedom.  The Dean of Stanford Law School, Kathleen Sullivan, has summed up the balance as well as anyone. Specifically, she praised Professor Smith for the instrumental role he would play in upholding constitutional values and establishing a bipartisan equilibrium:       I do think Mr. Smith's views are in the mainstream of      constitutional opinion. . . . I think it is a good thing, not      a bad thing, to have people who are very attuned to      constitutional values in Government positions, just as we      would think it is a good thing to have a prosecutor who      thinks very highly of the Fourth Amendment and wants to make      sure searches are always reasonable, maybe more so than some      of his colleagues. It is certainly good to have one of those      prosecutors in the shop, and it certainly would be a good      thing to have one Commissioner at least who has those views.  Let me say that I sincerely hope that we can uphold this bipartisan law and tradition that President Clinton invoked when he sent these two nominees to the Senate.  After all, Professor Smith's views are similar to the Republicans who have gone before him. And, Commissioner McDonald's views are similar to those he himself has held for the past 18 years as one of the Democrats' commissioners at the FEC. In fact, Commissioner McDonald's views are so consistent with and helpful to the Democratic Party that former Congressman and current Gore campaign chairman Tony Coelho has hailed Commissioner McDonald as ``the best strategic appointment'' the Democrats ever made. So, notwithstanding the bluster and delay, these two nominees largely represent their parties' long line of past FEC Commissioners. One could argue that the only thing new in this debate is the opportunity for new headlines.  Again, let me restate the questions before the Senate on these two FEC nominees?  Is each nominee experienced, principled and ethical?  Will the FEC continue to be a balanced, bipartisan commission?  I dedicate the remainder of my opening comments this morning to reading a few excerpts from the flood of letters I have received in support of Professor Smith since he was nominated. These letters from those who agree and those who disagree with Professor Smith clearly establish that: (1) Professor Smith is experienced, principled and ethical, and (2) his service would help the FEC to be balanced and bipartisan.  Even staunch advocates of reform, including two past board members of Common Cause, have written in support of Professor Smith's nomination. These many letters attest to the central role that Professor Smith's scholarship has played in mainstream thought about campaign finance regulation. Equally important, these letters make clear that no one who knows Brad Smith personally or professionally, including self-avowed reformers, believes that he will fail to enforce the election laws as enacted by Congress or to fulfill his duties in a fair and even-handed manner.  All of the scholars that have written urging the confirmation of Professor Smith believe that his scholarly work is not radical but rather well-grounded in mainstream First Amendment doctrines and case law. Let me share with you a few examples of what these experts say.  I ask unanimous consent the full text of these letters that I am going to be reading be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  