 President, the pending bill provides $13.4 billion for foreign assistance programs. By comparison, last year the Senate voted 97-2 for a $12.6 billion bill and the President signed a $13.7 billion bill. Given the budget constraints, the fact that we are just below last year's final level is a tribute to Senator Stevens' and Senator Byrd's adept management of allocations.  I think the bill strikes a good balance between meeting emerging requirements yet requiring accountability for the funds we make available.  In terms of meeting emerging global needs, we have invested $651 million in a new, global health initiative which will help ramp up immunizations and combat malaria, tuberculosis, polio, and AIDS. Senator Leahy deserves special recognition for his efforts to establish this initiative with adequate funding. The committee's interest in health began several years ago when we earmarked $25 million for polio programs. The administration's initial howls of protest have been silenced since we are on the verge of wiping out the disease thanks largely to the public-private collaboration between the Rotary Club and international donors.  We have a unique opportunity, if not responsibility, to replicate the success of this public-private partnership in other health areas, given recent generous support for vaccination research and programs by pharmaceutical companies and the Gates Foundation.  The bill also increases funding for key countries in the Balkans struggling to accelerate economic and political reforms. The administration requested $195 million in a supplemental and $610 million for 2001. Instead of adding to emergency spending, the committee has increased the overall amount made available for fiscal year 2001 to $635 million rather than add to emergency spending. I do not think the region needs more money so much as it requires better management of American resources. With $635 million, I think we have more than adequately responded to the needs of the region.  Within this increase we were able to provide $89 million for Montenegro and $60 million for Croatia, which in each case combined the Supplemental and 2001 request. Our assistance to the government in Montenegro is a lifeline as they struggle to address mounting political and economic pressure applied by the regime in Belgrade. Within the last few weeks we have seen an escalation of political violence which can be traced to Belgrade including the assassination of a presidential bodyguard and an attack on a member of the political opposition. We need to be clear about U.S. support for the embattled Montenegrin Government.  Croatia's recent elections renew prospects for real reforms and real growth, which I expect our funding help encourage. I commend the new government for making serious commitments to allow for the return of refugees, suspend support for extremists in Bosnia, and press forward with political andeconomic reforms. To give the new government some leverage, the bill includes those commitments as benchmarks for releasing our assistance.  As the Croatian provisions illustrate, this bill is not just about spending. It is fundamentally about accountability--we must have more confidence that the resources we commit will, in fact, achieve results.  U.S. resources cannot singlehandedly rebuild, rehabilitate, reform, or develop a nation, but we can assure that aid is effectively administered and we must guarantee our partners--including other donors, recipients, and nongovernment organizations--all share the burden and share our commitment to free market economics and democracy.  I think it is pretty clear in Kosovo we are off track. Last year, we earmarked $150 million for Kosovo with the requirement that our pledge would not exceed 15 percent of the total committed by European and other donors. We also made clear we would not assume any responsibility for major infrastructure reconstruction. The initial affect of this conditionality was positive, and the Secretary of State was able to determine that other donors pledged enough to meet at least 85 percent of the resource requirements. Unfortunately, those pledges have been slow to materialize. Donor support for roads, clinics, schools, utilities, courts, and industry is imperceptible.  Instead of supporting an effort to build up Kosova, we are building up a U.N. bureaucracy--and a pretty incompetent one at that. UNMIK is like a huge Macy's Thanksgiving Day float--bloated and detached--drifting far above the crowd--fluttering in a confetti cloud of rulings, edicts, ordinances, and injunctions.  Few Kosovars I talk with can point to a single meaningful accomplishment. Instead, they suggest Serb rule has been supplanted by the United Nations--a more benign influence, perhaps, but every bit as indifferent and irrelevant to real Kosovar needs.  And, we are expected to pay the lion's share for this waste. For months, the committee has been besieged by requests to release funds because of urgent shortfalls and gaps other donors have failed to fill.  We are making the same mistake we made in Bosnia. And it isn't just the U.N.'s failure. Within weeks of setting up a mission, AID set off on a course to fund large-scale contracts with groups that had no local experience or no inclination to build up and to leave behind a strengthened local civic society.  To address these problems, the bill structures new conditions on our support for Kosovo. This year, we have modified language so that U.S. actual expenditures do not exceed 15 percent of the total actual expenditures by all donors. And, we require that 50 percent of all resources flow through local nongovernment organizations which know what they are doing and have the only, real prospect of making a difference at the community level.  Turning to Russia, the new Putin government is untested in many respects, but not in its ability to wage a ruthless war against civilians in Chechnya. After creating 440,000 refugees, Moscow not only is limiting access by international relief workers, they have stonewalled international attempts to allow investigations of alleged war crimes and atrocities.  The Clinton administration has made a bad situation worse. Not only did they refuse to vote in support the U.N. Human Rights Commissioner's call for an international investigation and tribunal, the Bureau of Refugees and the U.S. Embassy in Moscow have rejected requests to support the courageous relief workers operating in the region. The Department argues they don't want to encourage groups to enter unsafe areas. This is both disingenuous and unjust--these groups are already in Chechnya and Ingushetia desperate for contributions. What the administration refuses to admit is they simply don't want to challenge or upset the Russians. This is a dangerous, longstanding pattern which compromises our values and our interests.  Russia's war against the Chechen people makes me wonder what kind of democracy the administration has helped fund with more than $5 billion in assistance.  Over the years, and including administration veto threats, we have tried--and often failed--to establish benchmarks and conditions on U.S. aid to Russia. This year, we have conditioned further support to the Russian Government upon certification that the Putin government is allowing relief workers unimpeded access in Chechnya and Ingushetia. We also require certification that the Russian Government is fully cooperating with international investigations of war crimes and atrocities committed in Chechnya and relief efforts. Finally, of money made available to Russia, we have earmarked $10 million for nongovernment organization relief operations in Chechnya and Ingushetia.  Turning to our hemisphere, after spending more than $2 billion in Haiti, most of us are frustrated by the fact that it remains the poorest country in the hemisphere with political assassinations and violence a staple of daily life. Only real political change holds out hope of producing stability and economic progress, so we have conditioned further assistance upon certification that the Preval government has allowed free and fair elections to proceed and that a parliament is seated on schedule this month.  That may prove difficult given yesterday's news. Apparently, according to the New York Times, Haiti's top election official fled the country, ``fearing for his life after he refused to approve results for last month's contested legislative and local elections.''  Now, let me take a moment to describe the committee's treatment of the Colombia supplemental request. Our disposition of Plan Colombia differs from the request in four ways.  First, within the Foreign Operations area, the overall funding is lower. The administration requested $1,073,500,000. The Committee has appropriated $934,100,000.  Second, that lower funding level is primarily a result of providing a different helicopter package. The request was for 30 Blackhawks at a cost of $388 million. We have provided 60 Huey IIs at a cost of $118.5 million. These numbers include the first year's operating costs.  Third, with the savings in the helicopter package we were able to invest in a regional strategy and substantially increase aid to Bolivia, Ecuador, and Peru. I felt the administration's singular focus on Colombia guaranteed that the production and trafficking problem would simply be pushed across the border. The bill's regional emphasis on interdiction and development keeps Colombian traffickers from becoming a moving target. We more than doubled the regional request of $76 million and provided $205 million.  This level allowed us to fully fund Bolivia's request of $120 million for both alternative development and interdiction programs. With an impressive track record in eradication of coca and alternative development, Bolivia deserves our continued support as the government completes the task. The results in Bolivia are truly noteworthy, almost to the point of being astonishing.  Similarly, we nearly tripled the support for Ecuador while increasing aid to the Peruvian Government as well.  Fourth and finally, we added $50 million to the $93 million request for human rights monitoring. As the military pressure picks up, so will the likelihood of abuses, so we have expanded witness, prosecutor, and judicial protection programs as well as support to monitoring groups. We have also conditioned aid on the Secretary of State certifying that the Colombian military is in full compliance with their own laws requiring the prosecution of military officers in civilian courts for alleged human rights abuses. This should help end the pattern of allowing these cases to be dropped in military courts.  In addition to supplemental funds for Colombia, the administration also submitted a $193 million supplemental request for Mozambique, only $10 million dedicated to meeting immediate disaster needs. While there is no question the flooding in Mozambique was a disaster, the question the committee had to consider was whether the requested funds were for immediate urgent needs or long-term rehabilitation and reconstruction which should be addressed in the fiscal year 2001 regular spending bill. What we chose to provide in emergency spending will offer immediate relief on a one-time basis, rather than support the longer-term reconstruction and rehabilitation needs which can becovered by the increase we provided in the 2001 development assistance.  Finally, the committee was asked to support a $210 million supplemental package for a contribution to the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative Trust Fund. The committee has provided an initial commitment of $75 million pending authorization legislation currently being considered by the Banking Committee.  With that, let me pass the baton to my friend and colleague, Senator Leahy, with whom I have enjoyed working on this legislation each year during our time together, as either chairman or the ranking member. I express my gratitude to him for his friendship and the cooperative way in which we have proceeded every year.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Brownback). The Senator from Vermont.  