 President, this debate has come a long way from the days of trying to regulate the speech of politicians and other major players on the American political scene. Just a few years ago, folks on the other side of the aisle were trying to get taxpayer funding for elections, spending limits for campaigns, and regulation of any group that mentioned a candidate in an ad two months before an election day. As recently as last year, there were measures being debated in the Senate that would have devastated the Republican Party in trying to compete with the Democrats and with well-funded outside groups who are almost wholly and completely affiliated with the Democrats--groups such as the labor unions, the plaintiffs' lawyers, the Sierra Club, and the League of Conservation Voters.  This particular bill before us will not put Republicans at a disadvantage in this fall election. And, of course, it will not put Democrats at any disadvantage because it doesn't affect their political affiliates, the unions and the trial lawyers. In fact, it's hard to tell exactly who will be put at a disadvantage by this bill because there are so few groups that will actually be impacted. So, in many respects, it is a relatively benign and harmless bill.  But, let me be clear, there is an important constitutional principle at stake here--even though it may only affect a handful of groups in this country. This bill takes us down the constitutionally dubious path of disclosure related to issue advocacy, which the Supreme Court has said, falls outside of the boundaries of government regulation. In fact, the federal courts following Buckley v. Valeo have routinely struck down attempts to regulate speech that does not expressly advocate the election or defeat of a federal candidate. Just two weeks ago, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals struck down the latest attempt to regulate issue advocacy as a clear violation of the First Amendment. Nevertheless, I say to my Republican colleagues, particularly those who are up for election this year, that is a pretty hard argument to explain in a political campaign. The constitutional distinction between issue advocacy and express advocacy is complex and does not get reduced to a campaign commercial very easily.  So in light of the limited impact of this relatively benign bill, I recommend to my Republican colleagues that they vote for this bill. I will not be voting for it because I do think the constitutional law in this area is rather clear. But, ultimately, this is not a spear worth falling on 4 months in advance of an election. This vote will insulate them against absurd charges that they are in favor of secret campaign contributions or Chinese money or mafia money.  With regard to the few groups who may be in the 527 area, they will have a choice to make, either to no longer be organized under section 527 or to go to court. And, these groups will have to weigh the costs and make that choice.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  