 1816, the Hagel-Kerrey bill, on the Senate Calendar.  That is not to say I would vote ``aye'' were there a rollcall vote on the bill as it is currently drafted.  Senator Hagel's legislation was the backdrop for a comprehensive series of hearings held by the Senate Rules Committee between March and May of this year. The final hearing featured the testimony of Senator Hagel, Senator Kerrey, Senator Abraham, Senator Hutchison, and Senator Landrieu. An impressive, to say the least, bipartisan lineup of Senators bravely stepping into the breach separating those who persist in trotting out the old, blatantly unconstitutional campaign finance schemes of the past, from others like myself who firmly believe that the first amendment is America's greatest political reform and must not be sacrificed to appease a self-interested editorial board at the New York Times.  The Senator from Nebraska has taken what for the past couple of years has been the biggest bone of contention in the campaign finance fight in the Senate--party soft money--and essentially split the difference between the opposing camps. Rather than an unconstitutional and destructive provision to entirely prohibit non-federal activity by the national political parties, Senator Hagel has crafted a middle ground in which the party so-called ``soft'' money contributions would be capped. Yet, even a cap raises serious constitutional questions and would surely be challenged were one to be enacted into law. Nevertheless, the Hagel-Kerrey approach is more defensible and practicable than outright prohibition.  Coupled with the party soft money cap in the Hagel-Kerrey bill is an ameliorative and common sense provision to update the hard-money side of the equation by simply adjusting the myriad hard money limits to reflect a quarter-century of inflation. An inflation adjustment of the hard money limits is twenty-five years overdue. Candidates, especially political outsiders who are challenging entrenched incumbents, are put at a huge disadvantage by hard money limits frozen in the 1970s.  The lower the hard money limits are, the more that insiders with large contributor lists are advantaged. Incumbents and celebrities who benefit from the outset of a race with high name recognition among the electorate also start way ahead of the unknown challenger. The greatest beneficiary of low hard money limits are the millionaire and billionaire candidates who do not have to raise a dime for their campaigns because they can mortgage the family mansion, cash out part of their stock portfolio and write a personal check for the entire cost of a campaign.  As hard money limits are eroded through inflation and non-wealthy candidates are further hampered, election outcomes are ever more likely to be determined by outside groups whose independent expenditures and issue advocacy are completely unlimited. That is ``non-party soft money.''  Mr. President, absent from the attacks on party soft money is any acknowledgement by reformers that the proliferation is linked to antiquated hard money limits which control how much the parties can take from individuals and PACs to pay for federal election activities. It stands to reason that hard money limits frozen in 1974 and thereby doomed to antiquity are going to spawn an explosion of activity on the soft money side of the party ledger.  It also is not coincidence that increased soft money activity in the past decade corresponded to vastly increased competition in the political arena. We are amidst the third fierce battle for control of the White House in the past decade And every two years America has witnessed extremely spirited contests over control of the Congress. Democrats who had been exiled from the White House since Jimmy Carter's administration at long last got to spend some quality time at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue and are not keen to give that up. Republicans, after four decades in the minority, got to savor the view from the Speaker's office in the House of Representatives and would like very much to keep it. And we have seen more than a little action on the Senate-side of the Capitol.  Reformers look upon all this activity over the past decade in abject horror, seeing only dollar signs and venal ``special interests.'' I survey the same era and see an extraordinary period in which every election cycle featured a tremendous and beneficial national war of ideas over the best course for our nation to pursue in the coming years and which party could best lead America on that path.  All signs, Mr. President, of a competitive, healthy, and vibrant democracy.  While I strongly support the hard money adjustments in the Hagel-Kerrey bill, I remain concerned by the bill's silence in an area sorely in need of reform: Big Labor soft money. The siphoning off of compulsory dues from union members for political activity with which many of them do not agree is a form of tyranny which must not be permitted to continue. Senate Republicans have fought hard, and unsuccessfully, to protect union workers from this abuse. Democrats are understandably and predictably loathe to risk any diminution of Big Labor's contributions which may result from freeing the rank-and-file union members from forced support of Democratic candidates and causes, but the absence of reform in this area is unacceptable. Big Labor soft money and involuntary political contributions must be part of any comprehensive reform package which ultimately passes Congress.  With those provisos and a few others, I will close by again commending the Senator from Nebraska from his willingness to wade in a big way into one of the most contentious issues before Congress--an issue in which all Members of Congress have a vested personal interest but that affects not just us but every American citizen and group that aspires to participate in the political process. That is why the U.S. Supreme Court will be the final arbiter of any campaign finance bill of consequence. And those are the reasons we should continue to be cautions and deliberative as the effort continues for a nonpartisan, constitutional campaign reform package.  