 President, we celebrate today the life of our friend and colleague, Paul Coverdell. On behalf of my wife Elaine, who succeeded Paul in the job as director of the Peace Corps, and myself, I extend to Nancy and all of Paul's friends our sincerest condolences.  I first met Paul in 1988. I was traveling around the South during the Republican Presidential primaries. I was a supporter of then-Vice-President George Bush. I happened to find myself in Georgia, and ran into a State senator in Georgia named Paul Coverdell, who was also active in that campaign. Paul, as he often did, made an immediate good impression. I recall the people in the Georgia meeting were all quite deferential to him. It was clear he had achieved a level of respect at that point in his career. Having served in the State senate in Georgia for 18 years, having been the leader of a rather small group of Republicans in that body, he had nevertheless achieved a level of respect at that point.  As we all know, Vice President Bush became President Bush, and the next time I met Paul Coverdell, he had been nominated to be director of the Peace Corps. As many Senators have said, he did an extraordinary job running that well-known agency.  Sometime in 1991, Paul came into my office and said: I am thinking of running for the Senate. I am going to be running against an incumbent Democrat in the South. I know that is rather difficult to do.  We talked about the experience I had running against an incumbent Democrat in the South. We struck up the beginnings of a real friendship during which we talked off and on during his extraordinary quest for the Senate.  It was indeed an extraordinary quest. Because of the peculiarities of Georgia law, Paul Coverdell is surely in the Guinness Book of Records because he won four elections in 1 year. I am not certain what the law of Georgia is today. I think it is still the same with regard to primaries. In order to be the nominee of a party in Georgia, you have to get 50.1 percent of the vote. Paul had a very contested primary for the nomination. He did not get 50.1 percent of the votes, so he was in a runoff in order to achieve the nomination. So it took our good friend two elections to get the nomination.  Then Georgia had--I believe they have since changed this law--a requirement that in the general election, in order to become a U.S. Senator, you had to get 50.1 percent of the vote.  Election day came and went, and neither Paul nor his opponent, the incumbent, had achieved 50.1 percent of the vote. So there was a runoff for the general election--a hotly contested, spirited contest--in which Paul came out on top, I believe, in early December of 1992.  So he had won four elections in 1 year in order to find his way to this body. Paul was indeed tested right from the beginning in his quest to become a Senator.  I remember in the early stages of that campaign, people did not take Paul very seriously. As I watched his growth and development, almost from the beginning it seemed he was consistently underestimated. But in his extraordinarily effective and friendly manner, he managed to make himself a force in the Senate very quickly, to the point, as many have said already, that he was elected as one of our leaders in his first term.  One of his staffers lives in my neighborhood. I noticed on the back of the car the Coverdell bumper sticker, which says: ``Coverdell Works.'' There may have been another bumper sticker somewhere in America that said: ``Someone Works,'' but I can't think of a bumper sticker or, for that matter, a better way to sum up our friend and colleague Paul Coverdell than ``Coverdell Works.''  He was ubiquitous. He was everywhere. As all of us who work in the Senate know, in order to make anything happen, you have to develop little groups to work in an area to try to advance the ball in the middle of these 100 substantial egos, each of which has its own goals and aspirations. Paul was literally ubiquitous, all over the place, in a group here, in a group there, always advancing the cause. He did it in a friendly, effective, and intelligent manner.  No one is irreplaceable. The Senate continues to function. We are functioning today, although probably not very effectively. But if I have ever met somebody about whom I could say he was almost irreplaceable in the Senate, it was Paul Coverdell.  So it is with extraordinary sadness, not only personally but in terms of the loss in this institution, that we say goodbye to our good friend, Paul Coverdell.  I yield the floor.  