 President, I rise today in support of the nomination of Professor Bradley A. Smith to fill the open Republican seat on the bipartisan Federal Election Commission. In considering the two FEC nominees, Professor Brad Smith and Commissioner Danny McDonald, the Senate must answer two fundamental questions:  Is each nominee experienced, principled and ethical? And,  Will the FEC continue to be a balanced, bipartisan commission?  I want to take a minute to rebut some of the myths that have been perpetuated by the reform groups over the past several months.  Myth No. 1: Professor Smith's First Amendment views are radical and disqualify him for government service at a bipartisan agency.  Over 30 renowned First Amendment and Election Law experts, including past members of the governing Board of Common Cause, urge Brad Smith's confirmation and attest to the validity of Brad Smith's actual views--that is distinguished from the views that have been attributed to him by his critics.  Moreover, these renowned scholars are indignant about the misrepresentation of Smith's scholarship. Let me share just a few examples:  First Amendment Scholar Michael McConnell of the University of Utah Law School writes:       [S]ome opponents of the nomination of Bradley A. Smith to      the Federal Elections Commission are claiming his scholarly      writings regarding the First Amendment and campaign finance      laws are irresponsible or otherwise beyond the pale. This is      simply partisan nonsense. * * * The merits of his nomination      should not be clouded by charges of this sort, which have no      scholarly validity.  Professor Daniel Kobil, a former governing Board Member of Common Cause in Ohio writes:       I believe that * * * [the] opposition is based not on what      Brad has written or said about campaign finance regulations,      but on crude caricatures of his ideas that have been      circulated.  Even one of the scholars who support McCain-Feingold has written in support of Professor Smith's nomination. Professor Jamin Raskin, a signatory to the McCain-Feingold letter, writes:       The political reform community would actually be better off      with Smith on the FEC. * * * Smith is no party hack, but a      serious scholar who cares about political liberty. * * * He      is a dream candidate * * * [who] should not be opposed by      political reformers.  In fact, Smith's views on election law are shared by many fine scholars, like Kathleen Sullivan, the Dean of Stanford Law School, who praised Smith stating:       I do think Mr. Smith's views are in the mainstream of      constitutional opinion. I like to think that I am enough in      the mainstream of constitutional opinion that our agreement      on many points would place us both there.  Let me paraphrase Dean Sullivan to rebut those who argue that appointing Brad Smith is like appointing a conscientious objector to be Secretary of Defense: appointing a First Amendment election law scholar to the FEC is, in fact, like appointing a seasoned U.S. Attorney who values the constitutional liberties of every American citizen.  Or what about 46 political scientists who echo Smith and Sullivan's concerns about the current campaign finance laws and some of the proposed reforms? I ask unanimous consent that a letter be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks. It is signed by 46 political scientists, including esteemed scholars like Brandice Canes of MIT, Michael Munger of Duke, Patrick Lynch of Georgetown, and--from the flagship university in Arizona--University of Arizona professors Price Fishback and Vernon Smith.  