 President, on Saturday, March 26 several hundred medical students from across the country came to our State Capital in Montpelier, VT, to rally in support of Vermont going forward with a Medicare for All Single Payer health care system.  These young people were absolutely clear in understanding that for them to be the great physicians and nurses that they want to be, our health care system must change. They believe, as I do, that health care is a right and not a privilege and that a single payer program is the most cost-effective way of achieving that goal. I am very pleased to submit for the Record the statement of principle signed by these medical school students.  I ask unanimous consent it be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       As medical students from around the country converge this      weekend on the steps of the State House to support Vermont's      movement toward a single-payer health system, we want to      contribute additional perspectives on our state's discussion      of Health Care Reform.       As the Vermont legislature considers Health Care Reform,      we, a group of UVM medical students who are invested in the      future of Vermont, believe that current and future health      care legislation should work toward the following goals:       1. Ensure that every Vermonter has health care coverage      through a sustainable system that maintains a desirable      environment in which to practice medicine.       2. Replace the current fee for service system that both      limits access to physicians and compromises the quality of      care given to patients.       3. Empower Vermont to retain and attract high quality      physicians to ensure adequate health care for future      Vermonters.       Our proposals to help meet these goals are:       1. Initiate a program that reduces the tuition of out-or-     state students to in-state levels in exchange for commitment      to practice in Vermont after training is complete.       2. Improve funding for the existing loan repayment program      through Vermont AHEC to encourage primary care providers to      practice in under-served areas of the state.       3. Address the current inequity in the ``provider tax''      such that out of state providers treating Vermont patients      contribute fairly to the Vermont Medicaid program.       4. Simplify the administrative burden upon the provider by      developing a system that has a single payer with best-     practice guidelines as opposed to the current fee-for-service      system.       By addressing these issues in upcoming legislation, we are      of the opinion that the quality of health care in Vermont      will improve. A sustainable system that addresses many of the      national problems with medicine will encourage a strong      physician population throughout the state, as well as secure      Vermont's future as the healthiest state in America.       As medical students who will inherit the reform currently      being debated in Montpelier, we are committed to help shape a      sustainable universal health care system. It is our great      hope that these changes will be enacted to enable us to      provide the best care possible to our future patients.       Larry Bodden, Calvin Kagan, Bud Vana, Ben Ware, John      Malcolm, JJ Galli, Vanessa Patten, Nick Koch, Uz Robison,      Pete Cooch, Rich Tan, Bianca Yoo, Prabu Selvam, Dave Reisman,      Adam Ackrman, Nazia Kabani, Stas Lazarev, Sara Staples,      Therese Ray, Kelly Cunningham, Hannah Foote, Laura Sturgill,      Megan Malgeri, Kati Anderson, Serena Chang, Caitlan Baran,      Leah Carr, Mariah Stump, Daniel Edberg, Franki Boulos,      Chelsea Harris, Vinnie Kan, Mairin Jerome, Jimmy Corbett-     Detig, Dan Liebowitz, Laura Caldwell, Damian Ray, Mei Lee      Frankish.       The University of Vermont does not endorse this      organization or their position in connection with this or any      other political campaign, policy position or election.  