 Two of the major issues we are facing is the collapse of the middle class and, simultaneously, while poverty increases and the middle class in this country disappears, we also find ourselves with a $14 trillion national debt and a $1.6 trillion deficit.  At this momentous time in American history, the question arises as to how we, in fact, will deal with the deficit. Will we deal with it in a way that is fair and just or will we, at a time when the gap between the very wealthy and everybody else is growing wider, in fact, try to balance the budget on the backs of the middle class, on the backs of the poor, on the backs of the elderly, the sick, the children?  That is the question we have to address right now.  Yes, the deficit is a serious problem. Yes, we have to go forward in deficit reduction. But, no, in the midst of a major recession, it is morally wrong and economically bad policy to balance the budget on the backs of those people who are already hurting.  I find it interesting that some of the loudest voices who come before us every day talking about the serious problem of the deficit are precisely those people who have voted time after time after time to raise the deficit, raise the national debt. Yet now they come forward and say we have to cut programs for the elderly, the poor, and the children in order to balance the budget.  I suppose it turns out that now I and a few others are the real deficit hawks in the Senate. When it came to the war in Iraq--which will end up costing us some $3 trillion--I didn't hear a whole lot of discussion about how that war was going to be paid for. I voted against that war.  When it came to giving huge tax breaks to the wealthiest people in this country, I didn't hear my Republican friends say: Oh, gee, we can't do that because it is going to drive up the deficit. I voted against tax breaks for the wealthy.  When it came to passing an unfunded $4 billion Medicare Part D prescription drug program--written by the insurance companies and the drug companies--I didn't hear my Republican friends say our kids and grandchildren are going to have to pay for that. I voted against that.  Madam President, you will recall that after the crooks on Wall Street drove this Nation into a recession and they needed a bailout from the American people, you didn't hear too many of our friends who voted for that bailout say: Oh, we can't do that; it is unpaid for. It is going to drive up the deficit and the national debt. You didn't hear that.  But now, suddenly we have people who have great concern about the national debt and the deficit, and they intend to balance that budget on the backs of working people, the elderly, the sick, the poor, and the children. Among other things, which is incomprehensible to me, at a time when approximately 16 percent of our people are truly unemployed--way above the official levels, the official numbers, because the official numbers do not include those people who have given up looking for work, those people working part-time when they want to work full-time--the Republicans come up with a deficit reduction package which will cost us some 700,000 jobs.  Now, I don't know how or why in the middle of a severe recession, when unemployment is so high, they would come up with a proposal that costs 700,000 jobs.  Madam President, you well know that we do an abysmal job in this country in terms of taking care of our children. We have the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world. We have a totally inadequate early childhood education program in this country. Head Start, to the degree that it is funded adequately, does a good job. But in the midst of the crisis in early childhood education and childcare, the Republican proposal would cut Head Start--Head Start--one of the most important programs in America, giving low-income kids a chance to maybe get into school in the first grade, in kindergarten, on par with the other kids. 