Her remarks were truly inspiring. I will just say I think the Senate needed to hear Senator Murkowski's remarks, and I think that is why the Senator from North Dakota, and all of us, were listening so carefully.  I just want to highlight some of what Senator Murkowski said. The bill we are considering now is pretty much the platonic ideal for consensus legislation. It pretty much follows the kind of rules Senator Enzi and Senator Kennedy used to talk about--that wonderful 80-20 rule. I remember Senator Enzi talking to me about how they would try to agree on 80 percent but may not agree on 20 percent.  The Shaheen-Portman legislation has the Kennedy-Enzi type of principle, where 80 percent of it is common ground that makes sense, doesn't have any mandates, uses the private sector, and focuses on efficiency which creates jobs. Frankly, around the world, some of the other countries try to get ahead by paying people low wages. We are trying to get ahead with legislation such as this, so we can wring more value out of the American economy and save money for businesses and consumers.  I think Senator Shaheen and Senator Portman are going to talk more about the 3 years they put into meeting that kind of Kennedy-Enzi principle of good government and finding common ground. I can tell everyone that when they write a textbook on how we ought to put together a bipartisan bill, these two fine Senators have complied with it.  It is not by osmosis that they got the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers, and the Business Roundtable to meet halfway with some of the country's leading environmental groups. It is because--as the Senator from New Hampshire and the Senator from Ohio demonstrated--they were out there sweating the efforts to try to find common ground. Of course, neither side gets exactly what they want, but that is how they built this extraordinary coalition.  Point No. 2 that Senator Murkowski addressed--and I think it is very important as it was highlighted by my visit to the Presiding Officer's State in the last few days--is the whole question with respect to future legislation.  I come from a State--my colleagues know this--that doesn't produce any fossil fuels. We are a hydrostate and we have renewables, so a lot of people said: Ron is going to be chairman of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources so nobody is going to talk about anything except hydro and renewables.  The first hearing we held in our committee was on natural gas. The reason why Senator Murkowski and I made that decision jointly is because there ought to be bipartisan common ground on capping the potential of natural gas for our country, our consumers, and the planet. It is 50 percent cleaner than the other fossil fuels. We have it, the world wants it, and a lot of companies are talking about coming back from overseas because they want that pricing advantage.  What I have been talking about to Senators--and I do it at every opportunity--is how do we find a win-win approach that is good for the consumer and good for business and good for the environment? For example, for natural gas we are going to need a way to get that gas to markets, and that is going to mean more pipelines. So one of the ideas that I want to talk about with Senators on our committee as well as off the committee is, wouldn't it make sense to say if we are going to need more pipelines, the pipelines of the future ought to be better, meet the needs of the industry, and also help us get that added little benefit for consumers and the planet by not wasting energy.  I saw folks in North Dakota working really hard to try to deal with flaring and these methane emissions. So what I would like to do is exactly what Senator Murkowski described this morning. She wants to get a bipartisan energy efficiency bill, which is a logical place to start, as the Senator said, on the ``all of the above'' strategy.  When we are done with that, we are going to move on to a whole host of other issues and in each case take as our lodestar this kind of win-win concept that can bring people together to find some common ground so we can tackle big issues. If we do that in the energy context, we will be doing something that helps create good-paying jobs, helps the consumer, and is also good for the planet.  My sense right now is that we have a number of issues colleagues on the other side of the aisle have felt strongly about for quite some time.  I think there is a real chance--and I have been advocating for it--to work out an agreement to deal with the two issues that have been particularly on the minds of some colleagues on the other side of the aisle--the health care issue and Keystone. Certainly I think there is a way to find common ground on those two issues procedurally so we could have a vote on two issues I have heard particularly conservative colleagues say are extraordinarily important to them. At that point, if our leadership could get an agreement on those two--and they could negotiate on any other matters where we could agree--but what we would ensure is we wouldn't have a situation where, in effect, a handful of colleagues who want to offer amendments unrelated to energy efficiency wouldn't be blocking dozens of Senators of both political parties who would like to offer bipartisan energy efficiency amendments. That is what we would face if we don't find a way to work this out.  I am part of this ``we aren't giving up caucus'' Senator Murkowski described, because I think we came here to find a way to come together and deal with these issues. I will say, speaking for myself, if there is one thing I want to be able to take away from my time in public service--just one thing--and I would say to Senator Murkowski that apparently the Presiding Officer was a volunteer in my first campaign; I was a Gray Panther, had a full head of hair and rugged good looks and all that--she is denying that, I can tell--if there is one thing I wish to take away from my time in public service it is what Senator Murkowski alluded to, which is that we did everything on our watch to find common ground and deal with some of these issues.  That is why Senator Isakson and I have a fresh approach that I think will appeal to both sides of the aisle on Medicare. I have been involved with Senators on bipartisan tax reform, and Senator Murkowski and I have been working on energy. She said, Let's not miss this ideal opportunity to put good government into action and that is by moving ahead with the Shaheen-Portman legislation.  Let us get an agreement. I think it ought to be achievable in the next few hours. I am going to go back--I have met with leadership on both sides and I am making the case that I think there is a procedural way out. I think Senator Murkowski described it with the goodwill she demonstrated in what I thought was an inspiring address, and I can tell the Presiding Officer thought the same thing. I think we can find our way out of this.  I see the sponsors of the underlying legislation, Senator Shaheen and Senator Portman, on the floor. I wish to thank them for the fact they have consistently said throughout this process they are willing to work with Senator Murkowski and me for this kind of procedural route forward, and I think it is achievable, particularly if Senators reflect on the outstanding remarks just given by the Senator from Alaska.  I yield the floor.  