President, the Senate is on course to consider profoundly misguided legislation. This proposal is known as the Marketplace Fairness Act, but it is anything but fair. The Marketplace Fairness Act is unprecedented in its reach to discriminate against the Internet, employers, and States with modest or no sales taxes.  As the Internet economy has evolved through innovation, and as it expanded because of the value the innovation enabled, traditional brick-and-mortar businesses are seeking to compete through legislation. Big retailers, effectively seeking a legislative bailout, have allied themselves with State governments that see the Marketplace Fairness Act as an opportunity to obtain new tax revenue without enduring the political consequence of enforcing their own tax laws in their own jurisdictions. It is always easier to put the burden of collecting taxes on the people who can't vote for you; isn't that right, Mr. President?  The Marketplace Fairness Act is going to hobble the Internet economy and constrain online commerce. It is, in my view, a recipe for economic stagnation. It would rein in the Internet economy which has helped lead our economy out of the recession that began in 2008. What this proposal does is give each State the ability to require online businesses outside their States to enforce their tax laws. It enables the State of Indiana or the State of South Dakota to require online businesses located in New Hampshire to collect sales taxes on their behalf. Let me repeat that. The Marketplace Fairness Act could require the businesses of New Hampshire, a State that has determined not to have a sales tax, to collect sales taxes for goods or services provided to consumers in Indiana or South Dakota and then send money to those States.  This proposal, in effect, unleashes all the Nation's tax collectors on small Internet businesses--Internet entrepreneurs who have neither the ability to enforce the terms of the Marketplace Fairness Act nor the political influence in this city to be able to shapethe legislation. The Marketplace Fairness Act takes the Internet down a dangerous path because its passage would endorse the notion that Internet entities should be required to enforce laws outside their home jurisdiction.  Foreign countries have long pressed the notion the Internet should be ceded to their control. Let me repeat that. This has been an objective of a whole number of our global competitors over the years--trying to, in effect, get control over the Internet. There is no difference in New York telling Oregon Internet firms to enforce New York laws than China telling American firms to enforce China's censorship practice. As it is already, many countries are seeking to actually put the United Nations in charge as the Internet's regulator-in-chief, and this bill, to a great extent, endorses that world view.  Today the Senate is being asked to consider schemes to allow States and localities to essentially nationalize their taxes, but tomorrow the Senate may be asked to consider similar schemes to enforce laws and regulations about content, for example, and other issues that are so important to the powerful and the well connected.  The precedent the Marketplace Fairness Act establishes takes the Internet, the American economy, and our society down a dark path. It is a path toward a future where governments can impose their values and their regulatory regimes on Internet businesses anywhere. It is a future in which the sovereignty of the country and the sovereignty of our States is significantly eroded.  Beyond these issues, the proponents of the legislation are spawning myths about the bill that aren't true. One myth is the Marketplace Fairness Act levels the playing field. They are going to argue the Marketplace Fairness Act levels the playing field between brick-and-mortar firms and Internet companies for purposes of collecting and remitting sales taxes. But the facts are the facts, and they indicate otherwise.  Furthermore, even if Best Buy knows the consumer resides in Washington, DC, because Best Buy provides the consumer with a credit card or a rewards card that is associated with a Washington, DC, address, Best Buy is still allowed to assume the television purchased will be consumed in Virginia. The Marketplace Fairness Act, in my view, is a targeted strike against the Internet and a targeted strike against the digital economy.  Another myth being put forward is the myth the MFA isn't about new taxes; that the proposal is about enforcing taxes already owed. The fact is the taxes that would be collected as a result of the Marketplace Fairness Act's passage have generally not been collected. So these are going to be regarded as new taxes. This is money that is going to come out of the pockets of American families that has not come out of their pockets before.  Collecting sales and use taxes for goods or services acquired in another State has long been a low priority for State and local governments. Because these taxes go uncollected and unenforced, the establishment of an unprecedented regime to collect them for the first time is going to require American consumers to pay more sales taxes and pay more use taxes.  Furthermore, the creation of this new trans-State enforcement scheme creates significant new incentives for States to establish new sales taxes and new use taxes and also to increase the tax rates that exist now for these particular items.  Ultimately, the Marketplace Fairness Act is going to require consumers to pay an additional $22 billion in sales taxes they have never had to pay before. In fact, unless the United States pursues the types of international arrangements that govern the Internet economy--the types of arrangements sought by China and a host of other States--foreign Internet retailers will only continue to have the competitive advantage the Marketplace Fairness Act would artificially provide them. That is not what the American economy needs. That is not what is going to promote online innovation and value.  I hope my colleagues will oppose this Marketplace Fairness Act. It is premature. It is, more than anything else, coercive. It is coercive.  We are going to hear about how simple this is. Back when we started writing the first bills about technology and the Internet, we said the key principle is do no harm. This is going to do harm. Just this past weekend, I was in southern Oregon, where we have many small retailers. We have one in Grants Pass, OR--Fire Mountain Gems. It is an exciting new business online, but it is up against very tough international competition. What I fear is that unless there is a thoughtful effort along the lines of what Chairman Baucus has tried to do in the Finance Committee to think this through, this bill, in a global economy, will give foreign retailers a significant leg up.  We will have people on the northern border of the United States or the southern border of the United States who will say: I want to do business in the United States. I am a patriotic American, but there are more than 8,000 taxing jurisdictions in America. If we force our businesses, our online retailers, such as the one I represent in southern Oregon, to spend their time and their money trying to comply with scores and scores of tax regimes that are thousands of miles away, it is going to be very tough for them to compete with foreign retailers.  This violates the basic principle we began decades ago with respect to technology; that is, do no harm. Do no harm to the cause of innovation, ensure we have fairness--bricks and clicks together--which is the future of the American economy.  This bill violates that basic principle of technology policy. It will do harm.  I urge my colleagues to oppose it and its premature consideration by the full Senate.  I yield the floor.  