President, I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I think we are making substantial progress on this legislation. I believe that in a few minutes Senator McCain and I are going to accept something like seven or eight amendments that have been offered in an effort to try to bring the parties together, and I would like to see us continue to work in this spirit.  Mr. President, and colleagues, I introduced the Internet Tax Freedom Act in March of 1997. Since then, this measure has been one of the most hotly debated measures in this Congress--debated in both the Senate and the House of Representatives. Through the course of this year and a half discussion, never once has this idea been suggested--not in the House nor in the Senate. And the fact of the matter is we are still having important negotiations in order to get at the issue of how long the moratorium ought to be. We are anxious to involve the Senator from Florida in that effort. It would seem to me that our job--just as we have tried to do with the seven or eight amendments which Chairman McCain and I are going to accept in a few minutes--is to continue to do our work in good faith. The Senator from Florida knows that I have gone to considerable lengths to be supportive of his position with respect to what would be studied by the commission in an effort to be responsive to his concerns.  I would like to see us continue those discussions, both with respect to what the commission will study and how long the moratorium ought to be. When we arrive at that point, I and others believe that the commission will do a thoughtful and responsible job. We think they are going to work in good faith. If at any point they indicate that they are unwilling to pursue their duties in that kind of fashion, the U.S. Senate can get back at it.  I think it is important that the Senate reject this amendment and let us continue in the kind of spirit that Chairman McCain and I have shown with respect to the seven or eight amendments that are going to come up very shortly that we have agreed to accept, and let us get this bill on the President's desk.  The President of the United States is for this legislation, the majority leader of this body, Trent Lott, is for this legislation, and the minority leader, Tom Daschle, has said that he wants to see this bill enacted. I think it is important that we reject this amendment and move forward in good faith to work out the remaining issues.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  