President, I rise tonight to take this opportunity to discuss why I believe it is so important that the U.S. Senate pass strong legislation to protect our children from the tobacco companies that are preying on them.  I got my real start in public service in Eugene, OR, right after I got out of law school in my twenties in Lane County in Oregon. I started a senior citizens legal clinic. I was able to get almost all of the attorneys in town to volunteer their time, coming to the senior citizens center to help the older people with the varied legal problems that seniors have.  At the legal clinic when I was in my twenties I saw firsthand the extraordinary health consequences that smoking has for our citizens. I saw older people come to that legal clinic in Lane County in Oregon racked with emphysema. They were struggling for every breath.  I found myself, having organized this legal clinic to help older people, having to console the widows and widowers of cancer victims, families that lost loved ones years and years before their time. I saw then when I set up that senior citizens legal clinic exactly what cigarettes can do to the health and well-being of our citizens and the toll that they take on American families.  So when I decided to seek elected office I said that I would put a special focus on my service in the U.S. Senate in trying to improve the health care of our citizens. I said that I wanted to focus on health care issues in a meaningful way, because I came to feel that if a person doesn't have their health care, doesn't have well-being, then they can't really focus on much of anything else. If they and their loved ones can't get access to decent medical care and they are suffering, there really aren't many other issues that a person and a family can focus on.  When I came to the U.S. Congress, I said I am going to remember all those seniors that I met at the legal clinic when I got out of law school, and I said if we really are going to take strong steps to improve the health of our citizens, we had to take on these tobacco companies, and that we will take them on even if it was a tough fight in order to make the lives of our citizens better when they got older. And it was just that simple.  The older people that I saw in that legal program didn't get started smoking when they were 48 or 55. They got started in their teens. They got started as kids when they were the age of Adam Wyden and his sister Lilly.  So I felt then that all other issues revolved around whether our citizens had their health. I remember those older people who came to the legal clinic in Oregon. I said we are going to take steps to make their lives better, and I am going to make that a special focus of my service in the Congress.  So when I was elected to the House of Representatives in 1980, I was able to win a position on the House Health Care Subcommittee, a committee that, in my view, turned out some of the most important public health legislation in our country's history under the extraordinary leadership of Henry Waxman. I got to serve with one of the most courageous public officials who has ever served in the U.S. Congress, the late Mike Synar.  Against all odds, against all odds when he faced tremendous resistance in his home district, the late Mike Synar was willing to stand up for kids, and, in fact, wrote one of the first and the most important public health statutes to protect kids against the tobacco companies that prey on them, the statute known as the Synar amendment. Of course, the tobacco companies worked very hard to try to get around that because the Synar amendment stood for the proposition that we were going to enforce tough laws to protect our minors at the State level. That was too much for the tobacco companies, just as they sought hard to get around the early advertising restrictions on the electronic news, just as they sought to get around the early warning labels, they sought to evade the mission and the specific requirements of the Synar legislation.  So Mike Synar, Henry Waxman, I, and others worked through the 1980s to try to rein in these tobacco companies and improve the lives of our children.  A little over 4 years ago we were at the now well-recognized hearing with the tobacco CEOs who under oath addressed for the first time before the U.S. Congress these major public health questions that the Senate has been occupied with over the last couple of days.  Mr. President, it was an extraordinary hearing. It went on for more than 7 hours. The executives said, for example, that cigarettes were sort of like Hostess Twinkies. They said that, of course, they never ever would target young people. And for more than 7 hours they said under oath that cigarettes essentially were not something that the U.S. Congress should be focusing on. They said it is just like any other health concern a person might have with sugar or with fat. Why is the U.S. Congress singling out tobacco, was essentially their message over a hearing that lasted more than 7 hours.  Chairman Waxman, Mike Synar, and others did, in my view, a superlative job trying to put the key issues on the record. When it came to my initial turn I felt that it was especially important to get the executives' position on whether nicotine was addictive. We had them all in front of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Subcommittee on Health. They were under oath. So I simply said I am going to go down the row. I am going to go down the row and ask each one of these executives one after another whether nicotine is addictive. So I began.  The first executive said nicotine was not an addictive substance. The second executive said that nicotine was not addictive. The third one raised questions again about why anyone would possibly have reservations about this issue, specifically why we would be asking whether nicotine was addictive. And all of the executives then under oath said for the first time that nicotine was not an addictive substance.  They contradicted the Surgeon General, who has come before health committees in the Congress for more than 20 years, and perhaps even more importantly, they contradicted what their own executives were saying for more than 30 years. That, of course, came out after the hearing took place. But what has been especially telling is that, after that historic hearing in 1994 when the executives said nicotine wasn't addictive and didn't target kids, a voluminous record has been made by various committees in the Congress which documents and makes very clear that these executives, in fact, knew all along that nicotine was addictive. There was not any question in their minds about whether it was addictive. Their own documents had proved that. But yet they told the U.S. House of Representatives, the Subcommittee on Health, and myself specifically under oath that nicotine was not addictive.  I think that moment contributed in a significant way to our achieving a chance now to pass important legislation to protect our children. But there were a number of other important issues that were brought up that day before the Health Subcommittee that have implications even this evening as the Senate considers this historic legislation. And I would like to just touch on one of those.  At that hearing, it came to light that one tobacco company, Brown & Williamson, was in fact genetically altering nicotine in order to give it an extra punch, in order to make it more addictive to children and others who used the product. The Food and Drug Administration under the leadership of David Kessler had essentially brought this to light. The committee confronted the Brown & Williamson Company, and they were under oath and said that they would cease utilizing this high-nicotine tobacco called 1Y. So this was more than 4 years ago. It came to light as a result of the investigative work done by the Food and Drug Administration.  After the Brown & Williamson Company was caught using 1Y, this genetically altered, high-nicotine tobacco, they said they would not do it anymore.  A number of things happened over the last 4 years. One of them was that I had the honor of being chosen by the people of Oregon to serve in the Senate, and I was chosen to serve in the Senate January 30 of 1996. Having had the additional privilege of being named to serve on the Senate Commerce Committee under the outstanding leadership of John McCain, and our ranking Democrat, Fritz Hollings, I had a chance to participate in the next round of important tobacco hearings under John McCain's leadership. We held a number of them prior to the committee's consideration of the legislation that is now before us. And when Senator McCain asked the executives--and a number of them, of course, are new--to come before the Senate Commerce Committee, I asked Brown & Williamson what was the current status of the use of 1Y genetically altered, high-nicotine tobacco.  The reason I asked the question is that I had read news reports that this special, genetically altered, high-nicotine tobacco was in fact still being used by the Brown & Williamson Company even though the company had said under oath that it would no longer use this genetically altered, high-nicotine tobacco. And in fact at that important hearing chaired by our leader on the committee, John McCain, Brown & Williamson said in fact that they are now working off a small stockpile of genetically altered nicotine. There is already a criminal investigation underway.  The reason that I bring this to the attention of the Senate tonight is for just one reason. If this company is so brazen as to engage in this conduct, having promised the American people that they would no longer do it again, and now being watched under the scrutiny of the Congress, what will it be like, Mr. President and colleagues, when in fact the hot spotlight is turned away from tobacco? This company has engaged in activity that they pledged to the American people they no longer would engage in, and they told the McCain committee that they are now working off a small stockpile of genetically altered, high-nicotine tobacco and that this product is being used in our country and overseas.  The other reason that I bring this to the attention of the Senate, Mr. President and colleagues, is this goes right to the heart of the industry's argument that it is a new day and that they are pursuing a new standard with respect to corporate citizenship. Before the McCain committee, the executives came and said: We realize that what happened in yesteryear was no longer acceptable. We are going to clean up our act. We are going to make sure that young people are not targeted.  I think it is the impulse of all of us to say, new executives, new day; let's look at this anew. But when it came to light that Brown & Williamson was again using genetically altered, high-nicotine tobacco after promising the American people and the Congress that they would no longer engage in the practice, that is a pretty blatant contradiction of the claim that things really are different, that it is a new day, and that tobacco companies want to clean up their act.  As we consider this legislation on the floor of the Senate, Mr. President and colleagues, the Justice Department continues its inquiry into the use of this genetically altered nicotine, and there have already been criminal pleas that have been entered into.  Now, having said that, and noting some of the great challenges, let me also talk about what I think is a significant success, and I am particularly pleased to have an opportunity to do it while Chairman McCain is here and on the floor of the Senate.  Mr. President and Chairman McCain, I will tell you that when I left the Waxman hearings in 1994, walking out of that hearing room with the late Mike Synar, I told him that I was not convinced that we would make real headway in this fight to protect our children in our lifetime. I said to Mike Synar, ``We are going to be up against all of the odds. We are going to be up against a lobbyist tidal wave. I am not sure we are ever going to do it in our lifetime.''  We lost the late Mike Synar years before his time, but a lot of us said that we are going to continue that work. And we have the opportunity to do it because Chairman McCain was courageous enough to take on this issue, come to Members of the Senate like myself, come to the public health groups, and say that we are going to focus on this issue until we get it done.  He did not minimize how tough a job it was. All he has to do is look down the row of his committee members. He has our good friend, Wendell Ford, sitting a few places away from me. It is going to be a challenge to get Wendell Ford and Ron Wyden to support a bill. We both did in the Senate Commerce Committee.  I commend Chairman McCain at this time because we would not be on this floor, we would not have made as much progress, had he not been willing to take this issue on. I say to you, Mr. President, and to the country, we have come a long way. If you had told me 4 years ago, when I walked out of the Waxman hearings, that we would now be debating whether to impose fines of billions of dollars on companies that do not meet tough targets in reducing youth smoking, if you had told me 4 years ago that we would be having a debate on how to do that and impose those penalties, I would have asked you, ``What are you smoking?'' Because I thought there would never ever be an opportunity like that in my lifetime.  We have that opportunity because John McCain has focused on this issue and brought together a group in the Senate that certainly does not agree on every single issue--that has been very clear--but does agree on how important it is to focus on this and get the job done.  Now, I do want to touch for just a few additional moments on several of the specific issues that have been important to me, and talk for a bit about why that is the case.  First, I am certain that many Members of the Senate have not heard about the accountability requirements that are in the legislation that we take up this week. And the word ``accountability,'' for me and most public health specialists, is probably the single most important word in the discussion of this whole subject, because in the past it has not been possible to hold the tobacco companies accountable. For all of the past legislative efforts designed to rein them in--the Synar amendment, the early warning labels, the restrictions on electronic advertising--the industry would use their marketing and entrepreneurial talent and would find a way around them. So when we focused on enforcement issues in the committee, I began to discuss with Chairman McCain and the bipartisan leadership of the Senate Commerce Committee how we could assure our children and future generations that there would be an ongoing watchdog who would scrutinize the practices of the tobacco companies when they inevitably try to get around the new law that I hope this Congress passes and that I know President Clinton will sign.  The tobacco companies, once again, when we get a new law, will put theirentrepreneurial and marketing talent to the task of getting around it. They will have scores of slick strategies to employ to try to get around these protections. With the accountability requirements in this legislation, we will have an ongoing watchdog who will be in a position to let us know when the tobacco companies start trying to evade an important new public health law, as they have done every single time for decades.  With the accountability requirements, public health officials, the Surgeon General, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control, and the Office of Minority Health, will be involved in looking at company-specific behavior to determine whether a company is trying to evade the requirements of this law. They will be able to recommend at any time that a company that seeks to evade the strictures of this statute ought to have any liability protection they have pulled. Tobacco companies clearly have not been straight with the Congress. All their documents that came out after the 1994 hearings that contradicted what the executive said under oath in 1994 have made it very clear to me the single most important word in this debate--the single most intellectually honest word in this debate--is ``accountability.'' I, again, thank Chairman McCain and his staff. They were under a lot of pressure from powerful interests to essentially strip out these accountability requirements. Once again, Chairman McCain hung in there for the public health, and I want to tell him how much I appreciate that.  There are two other issues I would like to touch on briefly, with the first being the issue of the health care of our minority citizens and those in communities inhabited by many minority Americans. For years, again as has come out in documents since the 1994 hearings, the tobacco companies have shamelessly targeted these minority youngsters and minority communities to sell their products. I think it is critically important now that in this legislation there be resources specifically targeted to these minority communities and to minority youngsters who are preyed upon by the tobacco industry. This legislation provides a first step toward addressing the  health concerns of minorities by assuring that all of the State efforts for smoking cessation and prevention include minority populations, and that services can be made available through community-based organizations.  In the Congressional Black Caucus, for example, Congressman Bennie Thompson has done a yeoman's job in terms of trying to focus both the other body and the U.S. Senate on this issue. I know they have talked about this with Chairman McCain. This issue is not one that we are going to allow to be swept under the rug. It is not right to see so many minority youngsters get involved with tobacco at an early age, and it is unconscionable the way these tobacco companies have targeted our minority communities. In addition to the support for the State plans for smoking cessation and prevention, the Office of Minority Health will be represented on the accountability panel. In my view, this is a significant win for the cause of minority health.  We are going to have much to do as we consider these questions through the rest of the debate in the U.S. Senate and in the House. I am particularly troubled about the prospect that some of the focus on improving the health of our minority citizens, and specifically seeing a reduction in smoking among minority youngsters, will get lost if the final judgment by the Congress on this issue is to create a State block grant approach. I don't want to see this issue, which has been neglected for so long, lost in some sort of amorphous block grant where, once again, the health needs of minority youngsters and minority communities get lost. So there are going to be a number of Members of the U.S. Senate who care about this issue, particularly Senators Jeffords and Harkin, and I am looking forward to working with them to strengthen the minority provisions, minority health provisions of this legislation. I know that Congressman Bennie Thompson is going to bring his talents and energy to doing that as the House considers the bill as well.  Finally, there is one last issue I would like to raise. I have been talking tonight about the needs of youngsters in the United States. I represent the people of Oregon. I have the privilege of representing them, serving with my colleague, Senator Gordon Smith who, in my view, has been a very strong voice for protecting youngsters in this debate. I appreciate that very much. We are both very proud to represent Oregon, and to work to improve the health of youngsters all across this country.  But I come tonight, as well, to talk about an issue that I think ought to strike at our moral conscience, and that is, as I have said, to say that it is critically important that we protect kids in Bend, OR, across the country, in Bangor, ME, and communities in between. But it is also critically important to protect kids in Bangladesh and Bangkok, because a child is a child is a child. And I hope--it is my fervent hope--that when this bill heads to the President of the United States, that we will have put in place extremely strong health protections for youngsters across the world.  Let us not say on our watch that to pay for a settlement, a tobacco settlement in the United States, the children around the world lost their health. Let us not sacrifice the lungs of youngsters around the world to pay for a settlement here. Let's protect kids in the United States. That is what we have a sworn obligation to do. But let us not forget youngsters around the world who don't have lobbyists, who don't have lawyers and the great array of talent that so many powerful interest groups have.  I will say that if we don't speak for those children all over the world on our watch--the Presiding Officer of the Senate and I are about the same age, I am a little older, I resent that, but a little older--but on our watch, millions of youngsters around the world will get sick during our lifetime and die needlessly. I know that the Presiding Officer and all our colleagues don't want to see that. That is why I think it is so important that we pass the provisions in this legislation that will protect youngsters around the world when the tobacco companies target them.  Make no mistake about it, that is the game plan. The game plan for the tobacco companies is consumption is going down here--it is well documented--and it is going up at a staggeringly high level around the world. The evidence shows, for example, that for every smoker who quits in the United States, two start in China. There are countries around the world that actually are in support of companies that sponsor contests to see how many cigarettes a youngster can smoke at one time. If we don't take the steps to protect these youngsters around the world who are envisaged in the McCain legislation before us, we will have the bizarre situation where a tobacco company in the United States won't be able to slap a decal on some car or something that is utilized at a sporting event, but that same company will be able to participate in these contests around the world to see how many cigarettes a youngster can smoke.  I don't think we ought to have that kind of double standard where we say we are going to protect kids here but we are really not much interested around the world. I know that this is an issue that a lot of Members are not familiar with, but we are going to take the time over the next few days and, in the days ahead, to make sure that they are, because I think those kids count, too.  The legislation before us today is not all that I would want, and it is not all that Senator Durbin and Senator Wellstone and Senator Harkin and many others who have been interested in this issue would want either. We really had our ideal plan and consideration in the Senate Commerce Committee. Chairman McCain was straight and realistic with us. We knew that we couldn't win that kind of package on the floor of the U.S. Senate, so we vowed that we were going to lay a foundation to protect the health of youngsters around the world, as well as youngsters here, and that is what we have done in this legislation.  It wouldn't be my first choice, but to tell you the truth, Senator Hollings, who very graciously worked with us essentially nonstop over the weekend, wouldn't think it is his first choice either. But that is what the legislativeprocess is all about. What this legislation does with respect to kids around the world is very, very important.  Make no mistake about it, it is a strong beginning at laying out a global policy to protect kids around the world. It essentially does three things.  First, for all time--for all time--it gets the Federal Government out of the business, through the U.S. Trade Representative and other agencies, of promoting the sale of tobacco overseas. For the first time, the U.S. Trade Representative will be directed to consult with the Department of Health and Human Services concerning any trade actions related to tobacco. The U.S. Trade Representative will not be acting in a vacuum. They are required to let the Congress of the United States know when tobacco companies approach them on these matters. I think it is fair to say that with respect to the role of the U.S. Trade Representative and the Federal agencies that are charged with leading the international trade effort, that never again, as a matter of Federal law, will we have them promoting the sale of tobacco overseas.  Second, for the first time, we will require that U.S. health warnings on cigarette packs for exports are carried in a specific way. In effect, we are making it clear that the kind of warning labels, health-specific, that we have in the United States have to apply overseas. If the other governments around the world choose to put another warning on, it has to be substantially similar--substantially similar--in terms of the warning provided to our citizens.  It would not be right, as our colleague Dick Durbin has said, to let them off by putting on a warning, ``Well, cigarettes may cause bad breath,'' or, as some have seen in other parts of the world, ``Cigarette smoking may be inconvenient to your neighbor.'' That won't do.  Around the world, as a result of the legislation  incorporated into the McCain bill that we are considering now on the floor of the U.S. Senate, the warning that is health specific used in our country will have to be used around the world by regulation unless it is substantially similar. Those labels will make it clear that smoking is harmful, and they will be scientifically based.  The administration is charged with finding the most effective compliance mechanism and assuring that the labels are in the language of the country of destination. That is extremely important and something long sought by the public health groups.  Finally--I guess our colleague from Missouri, Senator Ashcroft, took particular issue with this--this for the first time puts resources into the effort to work in an educational fashion around the globe. Several hundred million dollars is devoted to our participation in these global kinds of health efforts which are critically important, because if, for example, we learn about an important educational innovation that really does reach kids--for example, some of the counteradvertising that is already showing real promise in deterring youth smoking--we want to make sure that this kind of information is easily shared with the global network of public health specialists.  This isn't going to be sort of sock the Government. This is to make sure that kids around the world don't get sick. If we can prevent those illnesses, those countries will be able to avoid some of the much larger medical bills which often, as our colleagues know--particularly the Presiding Officer of the Senate because of his role in foreign affairs--and avoid coming to our Government to ask for support to deal with it.  So again, if we can prevent these illnesses among young people, particularly as it relates to tobacco, my sense is that the Presiding Officer of the Senate will see fewer demands for help with much greater medical bills which will come about as youngsters get hooked and addicted to tobacco.  Finally, the bill sets up a system to combat smuggling, and in much the same way the Federal Government today enforces the law against the smuggling of alcohol. And in regard to the smuggling provisions, I particularly want to commend the Senator from New Jersey, Senator Lautenberg, who has long been involved in this issue.  The tobacco companies, as a number of our colleagues already noted to me, do not want these provisions in this legislation. They do not want these provisions to ruin their business plans to target kids overseas. That is what the game plan is all about, Mr. President, and colleagues. It is about recognizing that consumption is going down in our country and skyrocketing around the world. With the export provisions, through removing the U.S. Trade Representative and Federal officials from the business of promoting tobacco permanently, through the warning labels, through the funds to participate in educational efforts, we make a very strong start to protect kids around the world. And I again thank Chairman McCain for his help.  Mr. President, I want to wrap up with one last point.  I think I am the only Member of the U.S. Congress on either side who had the privilege in the last few years to participate in historic hearings in both of the Commerce Committees. I had the honor of serving on Henry Waxman's subcommittee as a Member of the other body and I am now honored to have the chance to serve with John McCain, who has done so much to bring this bill to the floor tonight.  I will say that I think we have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to protect kids. That is what this is all about. At the end of the day, it is not about all these arcane and technical questions that we are debating on the floor of the Senate. That is not to say those questions are unimportant. They are. They are very important.  I will tell you, all of our colleagues who I have heard have been asking important questions. But as we ask those important questions, let us not lose sight of the end game here, which is to protect kids.  We have a President who is willing to take on the tobacco lobbies. That is a major reason we have come thus far. We have a chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee who has reached across both sides of the aisle to try to fashion a strong bill. We have public health groups all over this country who have made the case with their volunteers, with their physicians, with their nurses, with all of the individuals who participate in these superb organizations that now is the time, now is the time to act. And that means passing a bill in this Senate.  It is not going to be the perfect bill. It is not going to be what any of us would like in an ideal world. That is why I said there are a number of aspects of the export provisions that I was very bothered to see disappear. Senator Hollings has concerns about what is in there--that is the process of fashioning legislation--but we were able to make a strong start at protecting our kids. And if the Senate passes this bill, and does it in a timely way, we can make a difference for kids here and around the world.  But I say, Mr. President, and colleagues--and I will conclude with this--the clock is ticking. It is not exactly an atomic secret that there are not many days left in the session. And delay is the best friend that the advocates of the status quo could possibly have. Delay is the very best friend of the tobacco lobbies that want to engage in business as usual. Delay is a perfect opportunity for all of those who say, ``Tobacco company profits ought to come before the health of kids, that, well, we just have to study this longer. We don't know all the facts.''  I say, Mr. President, and colleagues, that we will have a chance all the way through this process, through the amendments on the floor, and the House considers its legislation and passes it, as we go to conference, we will have a chance to learn more, to refine this legislation and to improve it. That is what we did through the many hearings that were held in the Senate Commerce Committee. That is what has happened through the work done by the Labor Committee, the Judiciary Committee, with so many of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle. But let us not miss this opportunity to pass this legislation. We have to do it soon. The clock is ticking.  Mr. President, this bill will be good for our children. More importantly, it will be good for our children's children. It is my fervent hope that this Senate passes this legislation, and does so in an expeditious way.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  Mr. McCAIN addressed the Chair.  