President, I will be brief. First, I thank the Senator from North Dakota for all the work he has done over the last few months on the Internet tax freedom bill. We are going to get there to no small degree because the Senator from North Dakota has worked so closely with us. I thank him for it.  In the last few minutes, we have talked about two extremely important subjects: the question of a Patients' Bill of Rights and the Internet tax freedom bill. Both of these bills are extremely important to me. In fact, shortly after I came to the U.S. Senate in 1996, I offered one of the key provisions in the Patients' Bill of Rights with Senator Kennedy. It was legislation to ban these gag clauses, these ridiculous provisions in managed care agreements that literally keep physicians from telling their patients about all their health care options. These gag clauses are unconscionable. We received over 50 votes the first time we brought it to the floor of the U.S. Senate, at a time when people knew very little about the subject. I feel very strongly about the Patients' Bill of Rights and, hopefully, we can get an agreement, and I do think we can get an agreement that is bipartisan.  I also want to say, Mr. President, how strongly I feel about passing the Internet tax freedom legislation as well. It is time for the U.S. Senate to begin to write the rules for the digital economy. The Internet is clearly going to be the business infrastructure in the 21st century. Usage is doubling every 60 days, or thereabouts, and it is clear we don't have any ground rules to address the critical issues that involve electronic commerce.  If somebody in Iowa, for example, wants to order fruit from Harry and David's in Medford, OR, ship it to their cousin in Florida, pay for it with a bank card in New York and do itthrough America Online in Virginia, what are going to be the ground rules with respect to taxes?  What the Internet cannot afford is the development of a crazy quilt of discriminatory taxes with respect to this burgeoning area of our economy. That is why it is so important that the Senate move on this legislation.  I will close by saying a word about the manager of the legislation, the Senator from Arizona. Throughout these many months, the chairman of the Commerce Committee, the Senator from Arizona, and his staff have worked very closely with me and have worked very closely with a host of Members of the U.S. Senate. There have been more than 30 separate changes made in the Internet tax freedom bill from the time it was originally introduced on a bipartisan basis.  I want it understood that a bipartisan effort under the leadership of Chairman McCain has been made for many, many months now, involving Senator Stevens originally, with respect to the Universal Service Fund. Senator Dorgan has had a variety of issues with respect to treatment of the States. Senator Bumpers has had enormous contributions and questions that we felt had to be addressed, as well as Senators Gregg and Enzi.  I am very hopeful that very shortly this week this legislation is going to be brought to the floor of the U.S. Senate, and I am very hopeful that it can be brought to the floor in a way that will also allow for the important Patients' Bill of Rights legislation to go forward.  I have spent a considerable amount of my time since coming to the U.S. Senate on both of these issues, working on both of them in a bipartisan fashion. I think both of them are now ready for consideration on the floor of the Senate.  I see the chairman of the Commerce Committee is here now and has another important bill to bring up. I will close by, again, expressing my appreciation to him for all the time that he has put in to try to get the Internet tax freedom legislation specifically before the Senate. I believe we are ready now, and certainly those Senators who have brought amendments to the chairman and myself have a right to be heard and they should be heard.  I believe we are ready for an agreement that will protect the rights of every Member of the U.S. Senate and, at the same time, allow the Senate to go forward and take the first steps--it is going to be a long journey--it is time to take the first steps to writing some of the essential rules for the digital economy, the Internet, which is going to so dominate our lives in the next century.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  Mr. McCAIN addressed the Chair.  