President, today, fewer than 50 legislative days remain in the session. Dozens of nominations are pending and more than 400 items are on the calender. Being an election year, this is a recipe for an explosion of an extraordinarily powerful Senate practice. . . the use of secret holds.  On Monday evening, Senator Grassley and I came to the floor to put members on notice that we would be offering the same amendment we offered last year on anonymous holds. We discussed the Century-old Senate tradition of members being granted the courtesy of ``holding'' a debate until they are available to participate. We believe this venerable Senate practice should continue. As a public institution, however, we believe the use of holds should occur in the full light of day. We believe in the not-so-radical notion that the public's business should be done in public.  The amendment we are offering is identical to an amendment that the Senate adopted last Fall. The amendment would eliminate the secrecy of the Senate's holds procedure. It would simply require that any Senator who notifies leadership of an intent to object to a motion to proceed make that objection public within 48 hours.  Last fall, the Senate adopted an identical amendment by voice vote. No Senator spoke out against it. We had discussed this idea for more than a year. But in the closing hours of the last session, our amendment was dropped from the D.C. Appropriations bill. At that time I vowed to stay at it until it's done.  Today, as time is running out on the session, we are sure to face the same situation again of a proliferation of anonymous holds. They will threaten the Senate with legislative gridlock. When the Senate dropped our amendment last Fall, there were at least 42 holds in play, and even the Minority Leader had to admit to reporters that he didn't know who had placed them. ``If you don't have hold, you ought to feel lonesome,'' Senator Daschle said.  Over the past eight months, we have been working in a bipartisan manner to lift the secrecy that so often surrounds the use of holds. We have worked with the Leader's Bipartisan Task Force on Senate Reform. In February, nine Senators joined Senator Grassley and me in a bipartisan letter to the Senate leadership asking that they work with us to change the Standing Orders of the Senate to eliminate anonymous holds. We made it clear we are not out to scrap the Senate's holds procedure, but to scrap the secrecy surrounding it.  In May, the Bipartisan Task Force on Senate Reform, chaired by Senator Bennett, reviewed this idea and discussed it with the floor staff of both parties. The members expressed great interest in it, but it was clear from our discussions that certain members in key positions would not look favorably on the task force moving forward with the idea.  The right of every member of this body to prevent debate on a motion or bill is a very powerful tool. But this right can be found nowhere in the Constitution, nowhere in our Federal statutes and nowhere in the Senate's rules. In fact, it is not a Senate rule or standing order. It is not a right. It is a practice, or a custom that we have come to view as a right.  Let me be clear: our amendment does not challenge or affect in any way the ability of each Senator to place a hold. Our amendment would preserve that ability. What we are challenging is the way in which Senators use this extraordinary power. Such extraordinary power should be exercised in public.  The use of secret holds leads to a curious game of procedural ``hide and seek.'' Senator A, for example, blocks Senator B's bill with a hold, so B sets off to buttonhole all 99 other Senators, trying to find out who is responsible. If the Senator does find out, it is possible B will place a hold on A's bills in retaliation. Sometimes it becomes even more complex, with ``revolving holds,'' where the group of objecting Senators simply rotates the hold, always one step ahead of the Senator chasing down the hold to try to move a bill. Another session should not become bogged down with burdensome, anonymous holds.  The Senate is a public institution. Our offices are open to the public, we conduct our hearings in public, our debate takes place in public and each time we answer the roll call, everyone knows how each Senator voted. But many of our holds are not public. We believe the public's business should be conducted in public.  At a time when the American people are increasingly cynical and skeptical about government, there should no longer be any room for the kind of closed-door dealings represented by the secret hold. The secret hold cheapens the currency of democracy. We should open the door on this closet filibuster.  Mr. President, our amendment provides that every Senator may continue to place a hold on a measure or matter, and simply requires that the Senator announce the hold publicly within 48 hours. Our amendment enables the Senate both to maintain its proud traditions and to have openness and accountability.  