President, for nearly two years, my home state has suffered through an agonizing process, trying to find out what happened aboard King-56, an Air Force Reserves C-130 that crashed off of the California coast, killing 10 of the 11 Oregon airmen on board in November, 1996. The families of those victims have worked tirelessly to find out the truth, both for their own peace-of-mind and so that corrections could be made, if necessary, to protect other American servicepeople. It should not have been nearly as hard as it has been to get this information.  Drawing from this experience, my Oregon colleague Senator Smith and I have joined together to put forward this proposal to try to change the procedures that the Air Force uses for investigating crashes of this sort, so that others will be spared the suffering that Oregonians have had to ensure.  At the outset, let me acknowledge the hard work of the Air Force since reopening the King-56 investigation late last year. For many months now, a Broad Area Review, or simply BAR, to use the military acronym, has been both investigating the cause of the King-56 crash and the safety of the entire C-130 fleet. The BAR, after thoroughly re-checking all available material, and having the help of an experienced NTSB crash investigator, was able to narrow down the list of possible causes of the crash to about two dozen, and determined that the only way to pinpoint the cause would be to recover additional King-56 wreckage. The Air Force candidly admitted that they were mistaken not to have collected all the wreckage in the first place, and that they would do everything they could this time to get it right. They are out in the ocean right now trying to salvage everything they can. I know that the families are eagerly awaiting the results of the new salvage operation, and, hopefully, the Air Force will soon learn the exact cause of the crash, and give the families some sense of closure.  Finding the exact cause of the King-56 crash has another, very important purpose. Crews flying other C-130's have frequently reported problems similar to what the Oregon reservists encountered on their airplanes. The BAR has been able to apply the lessons learned from the King-56 crash to the entire fleet. For example, a major problem the BAR turned up was the near total inconsistency in emergency procedures manuals issued to crews. The Air Force identified this problem, standardized and rewrote the manuals, and issued them to all C-130 crews.  And thank goodness they did. Because earlier this year a C-130 took off from McChord Air Force Base in Washington state and experienced an engine problem known as ``four-engine rollback,'' or loss of power to the engines. The C-130 that went down off the California coast also had simultaneous failure of all four engines. In that instance the emergency manual listed as an option ditching the plane in the ocean, which turned out to be a tragic error, and only one crewman survived. However, the C-130 that took off from McChord had a newly revised emergency manual on board written after the BAR review. They were able to bring their plane under control and land it safely. So I am pleased the Air Force found and fixed such problems, making these planes safer.  Although this is welcome progress, nagging questions keep coming tomind. Why did the original investigation not make as much progress in finding the cause of the accident? Why did the Air Force turn up the numerous flaws and problems in safety procedures in the C-130 fleet only after two Senators stepped in to get them to conduct a more thorough review? The plain fact is that the problems with the original investigation were not an isolated incident. The failure of the original investigation was a symptom of the shortcomings of current investigation procedures and guidelines in general.  We need an aviation accident investigation process that would have gotten it right the first time around. Reports indicate that Pentagon crash investigators are undertrained and under funded. I question whether the current system of conducting two separate investigations, one public, the other secret, is the best system possible for finding the causes of accidents and applying the lessons learned.  So what the Wyden/Smith amendment does is simple and straightforward. It establishes a Pentagon task force to review procedures the Department of Defense employs to conduct aircraft accident investigations and to develop solutions for improving the overall process. I give the Pentagon credit for their renewed diligence on the King-56 investigation and their review of the C-130 fleet. It is my hope--and expectation--that they apply this diligence to coming up with ways to improve the overall process, and make the planes our men and women in uniform fly every day safer.  Our amendment also touches on how families are notified of such terrible accidents and of the care and support they receive. The reason the Oregon families first came to Senator Smith and me was because, after losing their loved ones, the Air Force treated them miserably, there's no better way to put it. Not only did the Air Force not provide the families with the support, guidance, and comfort that they deserved, but they refused to provide the answer that would have surely been at the top of any of our minds had we lost a loved one: how could this possibly have happened? Their treatment was far inferior to the way Congress recently mandated families be treated in civilian aviation accidents.  What the families of King-56 got was a totally inconclusive investigation report. When they wanted more information, especially what was contained in the separate, secret safety report, the Air Force refused outright. Senator Smith and I tried to help them obtain the answers they needed, but we, too, were met with more stonewalling. After we brought significant pressure to bear, the Air Force decided to reopen the probe. Since then they have done a better job of keeping the families fully informed of the progress of their investigation.  The King-56 episode turned up a number of basic problems with the way the Pentagon notifies families in such terrible cases. Working closely with the families, Senator Smith and I passed amendments to last year's defense bill that have led to improvements in family notification procedures. For example, earlier this year the Air Force issued instructions to improve the flow of information to families, to enhance the role of family liaison officers, and to establish an Office of Family Assistance. DoD efforts to improve family notification are still ongoing, and I intend to watch their progress closely in case further action is needed in Congress.  Although I welcome this progress, one basic issue has been left out of the mix, namely, the problem of providing families with maximum information not only after an investigation has been concluded, but, more importantly, while the investigation is taking place in the weeks and months after an accident. The Air Force has proposed to do a better job of informing families about how investigations are conducted and even why they can't have any information immediately. While attempts to provide better information are helpful, current efforts just don't get at one of the biggest headaches the Oregon families encountered: knowing what the investigators know.  The Wyden/Smith amendment, in addition to requiring DoD to come up with improvements in accident investigations, gets at this problem. We require the Pentagon to provide next of kin with regular and timely interim reports on the progress of both legal and safety investigations, providing them with the best possible information during what must be a most agonizing ordeal. Better information about ongoing investigations is just one part of what families need, and it is my hope that future families will not have to endure what the Oregon families were forced to. Again, I think the DoD learned its lesson about how to treat families, especially after the DoD Inspector General scrutinized it as a result of our amendment last year, and they are actively working on solutions. But the specific need for interim reports needs to be addressed as well.  I'd like to thank the Air Force again for their diligence in reopening the King-56 crash investigation and helping the families reach closure on this terrible episode. I am pleased by the progress the Pentagon has made in improving C-130 fleet safety, and by the measures they've taken to treat families better in the future. It's time to apply the lessons learned from King-56 to all accident investigations, and I look forward to working with the Pentagon in the future to make sure our men and women in uniform fly the safest airplanes possible, and that their families receive the best possible care and attention, in good times as well as the bad.  