President, I have an amendment to encourage the Department of Energy to involve the State of Oregon in decisions about the cleanup of the Hanford Nuclear Reservation. This amendment is needed to protect Oregonians from the unusual and highly dangerous hazards that the Hanford Nuclear Reservation poses for the people of Oregon.  This amendment should be familiar to many members of the Senate because a version of this legislation previously passed the Senate as an amendment to the FY97 Defense Authorization Bill.  Mr. President, there is no other contaminated Federal property in the country that has caused the serious injuries to residents of another State that Hanford has already caused to citizens of Oregon. And no other Federal site currently poses anywhere near as serious a threat to the health and safety of citizens of another State as Hanford does to our citizens.  Because of this special situation, the State of Oregon needs to be involved in decisions about how DOE proposes to clean up the Hanford site.  I want to make clear that recognizing the unique conditions present at Hanford and the immediate danger they pose for Oregonians does not set a precedent for other Federal facilities besides Hanford. It will not turn every military base with a leaking gasoline tank into a multi-state cleanup issue.  Let me put to rest any concern that this amendment will be misconstrued in that way. First, there is simply no facility in this country--Federal or non-Federal--that compares to Hanford. In fact, Hanford is generally considered to be the most contaminated site in the Western hemisphere. You would have to go to the former Soviet Union to find a site as polluted as Hanford.  The extent of the environmental problems are mind boggling:  Over the years, 200 billion gallons of toxic and radioactive liquids from nuclear weapons production were dumped at the site. That's enough to cover Manhattan to a depth of 40 feet.  The Hanford site currently contains 56 million gallons of high-level radioactive wastes in 177 tanks. Some of these tanks are as big as the Capitol Dome. At least 54 of these tanks are known or suspected to be leaking or pose risks of explosion.  The site also is currently storing 2,300 metric tons of high-level nuclear fuel rods in leaking basins located only a quarter mile from the Columbia River.  And these are just a few of the problems that we know about.  Second, there is also no other site in the country that has affected the health and safety of residents in another state the way Hanford has affected the citizens of Oregon.  Oregonians living downwind from Hanford have suffered from thyroid cancers and other medical problems caused by airborne releases of radioactive iodine. Starting in the late 1940s and continuing through the 1950s, these releases average between 100 and 2,000 curies per month. To put that into perspective, the residents around Harrisburg, Pennsylvania were evacuated in 1979 when the Three Mile Island accident released 15-24 curies into the Pennsylvania countryside.  The airborne releases from Hanford were 10 to 100 times what were released from Three Mile Island, and these releases were occurring every month! Ongoing epidemiological studies have linked these releases to increased cases of thyroid cancer and other adverse health effects on Oregonians living near the site. Children drinking milk from farms in the area were the ones most harmed by these releases.  Hanford also poses a serious health threat to the more than 1 million Oregonians who live downstream from the site. Radioactive materials have been released into the Columbia River when water from the River was pumped through the sites nuclear reactors to cool them. Other hazardous and radioactive materials that were dumped at the site have and are continuing to seep into the River. A General Accounting Office report I released earlier this year documents that 900,000 gallons of radioactive wastes have leaked out of the Hanford tanks, contaminated the groundwater and this contaminated water is now heading toward the Columbia River.  The bottom line is many Oregonians are suffering adverse health effects from living near Hanford. And many more are at risk of future harm because of conditions at the site.  Finally, my amendment does not set a precedent for Federal facilities nationwide because it only encourages the Energy Department to continue existing efforts to involve Oregon in cleanup decisions. There is already in effect a Memorandum of Agreement between the State of Oregon and the Department of Energy concerning Oregon's participation in decisions about Hanford cleanup. The linkage to this agreement puts the site into a special category of Federal facility cleanups. It draws a bright line that divide Hanford from the hundreds of other contaminated Federal facilities around the country.  The unique factors involved in the Hanford cleanup justify granting the State of Oregon a greater role in decisions about clean up of the Hanford site.  I urge my colleagues to recognize how Hanford has harmed and continue to pose a serious hazard to the people of Oregon by giving our State the opportunity to play a greater role in cleanup decisions at the site.  