President, In Oregon and across America, people are starting to think that ``affordable housing'' is the biggest oxymoron since ``jumbo shrimp''. Decent houses have become unaffordable for many working moderate-income families. Mr. President, today I am introducing the ``Affordable Housing Barrier Removal Act.'' This bill encourages all governments to streamline regulations to help bring home ownership within the reach of middle class families who can only dream of it today.  The Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) says that housing is affordable if all costs--mortgage, utilities, property taxes and insurance--consume no more than 30 percent of household gross income. Yet in Clackamas County, Oregon, for example, the median family income is $49,600, while the average cost of a house is $200,000. This makes it virtually impossible for many people, especially young families, to obtain all the benefits of home ownership.  While many factors contribute to real estate prices, one of the main things that drives prices higher is the proliferation of government rules and fees. In Portland, fully 5 percent of the average home price of $155,400 comes directly from permit fees and so-called ``system delivery charges,'' some of which may serve worthwhile purposes, but should be re-examined as a total package. All of these added costs are eventually passed onto the buyer and often keep families from buying homes they could otherwise afford.  The federal government has a role to play in the affordable housing debate. It can promote community goals of environmental protection, access for people with disabilities, and better transportation planning, in the context of their financial impact on home buyers.  This bill, the Affordable Housing Barrier Removal Act of 1998, would do this by encouraging the formation of Barrier Removal Councils in every local jurisdiction that receives HUD block grants for community development. Mr. President, back home in Oregon I have assembled a housing task force to advise me on housing policies. My task force told me that communities need to sit down and examine the issue of affordable housing before the bricks are set and the mortar is poured. That's why these Barrier Removal Councils are important. These councils would be charged with taking the kind of big-picture approach that can identify ways to lower barriers to home ownership that overlapping and outdated regulations cause. In other words, we need to look at the forest as a whole, not just one tree at a time.  This bill is similar to legislation I introduced last week to establish a special bicameral Sunset Committee in Congress to review every federal program every five years. Programs, regulations, and laws tend to pile up because legislatures at both the local and federal levels generally work to address specific problems, one at a time, often forgetting to examine the cumulative effect of prior laws. There is a need to set up mechanisms to examine regulations affecting affordable housing in their totality. This bill would also call for a special national conference every two years to discuss regulations that may be barriers, and creates a national clearinghouse to provide information to communities on the work being done to remove barriers in other parts of the country.  This legislation will help home buyers by improving some of the ways the Federal Housing Administration--the lender for many middle-income families--operates. It allows them to make loans to more people, by redefining the areas they operate in. And it simplifies the convoluted process that FHA uses to determine the down payment that a family is expected to make. You should not need Bill Gates' money to afford a home and you should not need his math skills to figure out how much your house is going to cost.  Finally, Mr. President, our bill asks the federal government to take the impact on home buyers into account by requiring all federal agencies to include a housing impact analysis, except on policies where there is no impact. The Housing Impact Statement focuses the attention of agencies on the question ``how does this policy affect home prices'' every time it tries to solve a problem by instituting a new regulation. It is always important for government at every level to understand the consequences of its actions. This is an effort to try to instill that good government philosophy into the housing area.  Home ownership has always been part of the American Dream. It is everyone's responsibility to keep it from just being a dream for working families.  