President.  Mr. President, the amendment that was agreed to by the Environment Committee with respect to funding for these critical transportation programs for our country really ought to be called the ``Truth In Transportation Funding Act'' because it ensures that gasoline taxes collected for transportation purposes will actually be spent on those critical transportation projects.  For too long in America, the Congress has played a budgetary shell game--pretending to put funds away in various transportation programs but actually slipping those funds into other spending accounts.  Mr. President and colleagues, this con game has been closed down. Now Congress is on the way to making the highway trust fund sacrosanct again. Transportation taxes will, indeed, pay for transportation services. This means that the dollars will be used on the ground where they are needed, not squirreled away in some account that never seems to be spent.  Today, the Congress will be in a position to bring much-needed relief to citizens who face transportation gridlock across our country. The Congress is adding an additional $26 billion of transportation spending to what is now in the Senate ISTEA II bill. This translates for our State into an additional $40 million per year.  In our State, transportation dollars are now stretched so thin that the State department of transportation is not developing new projects. We have focused our efforts on merely maintaining existing roads because we did not have funding available to pay for improvements. Until now, there was little hope on the horizon that more funding would be forthcoming.  The Environment Committee's amendment is like emergency surgery for Oregon's clogged transportation arteries. If Congress now passes this bill, it will be possible to think in terms of improving the health of our transportation system instead of how to avoid further deterioration. We will be in a position to plan improvements to reduce congestion in an already overtaxed system. We can start to think about the future and how to handle our State's growing population, and many other parts of our country will be able to do the same.  Mr. President and colleagues, I have always believed that you cannot have big league quality of life with little league transportation systems. In the modern world, a transportation bill is about so much more than how you get from point A to point B. A strong infrastructure is one of the basic ingredients to any recipe for economic growth. It is one of the key things that our businesses look at as they consider where to locate and one of the principal contributors to our quality of life.  I support the Environment Committee's amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support the additional funding needed to build the transportation system our Nation will need to compete in the 21st century.  Let me conclude, Mr. President, by saying that I intend, in the days ahead, to take to this floor to discuss other parts of this important legislation. Our State has been a leader nationally in developing an innovative approach to managed growth in our country. This legislation allocates $20 million per year to reward those States and communities that have been willing to take fresh, creative approaches to handling growth.  I am also working, and there was discussion in the Environment Committee today, with Senator Graham, Senator Bob Smith, and others, on a way to streamline the process and ensure that the dollars that are allocated for transportation projects are spent in the most effective way. In the past, there has really been a disconnect between the way transportation dollars are allocated and the environmental permits that are associated with actually getting those projects built and on line. We have been working on a bipartisan basis to bring together environmental leaders, builders, and those who were involved in planning our roads, and we believe that we are on our way to coming up with a streamlined system that is going to make it possible for us to save dollars and ensure that the transportation projects are built expeditiously while we still comply with the critically needed environmental laws for our country. I intend, in the days ahead, to talk about those commendable features of this legislation as well.  I want to conclude by congratulating my friend, Senator Baucus, from Montana, and Senator Chafee for an extraordinary bit of work. This bill is heavy lifting. There are Senators with very strong views. There are regional differences of opinion. But I think we have been able to forge a piece of legislation that is going to make a difference in the 21st century.  I conclude my remarks by especially praising our chairman, who has entered the Chamber, John Chafee, and Senator Baucus, the ranking minority member, because it is their work that has made it possible for us to come to the floor today.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  