President, first let me thank the chairman of the full committee, Senator McCain. I introduced S. 442 in March of 1997. Chairman McCain and his staff have worked almost nonstop with me since that time to try to put together a bipartisan bill. I thank Chairman McCain for all of these efforts. I share his views. We are anxious to get to the Bumpers amendment this morning. I have a few brief comments and, hopefully, we will be able to move to that expeditiously.  If ever there was an issue that called out for treatment as interstate commerce, it is the Internet. The Internet, as we all know, knows no boundaries--not Federal boundaries, not State boundaries, in effect not even global boundaries. But what we have tried to do in our efforts over the last few months, and we have done it through more than 30 separate changes, is try to be fair to all parties--the States that are trying to look thoughtfully at the ground rules for the new economy and small businesses who overwhelmingly have endorsed this legislation. For the small businesses, the Internet is a chance to compete with the Wal-Marts and other big guys because geography becomes irrelevant. So, small businesses have supported it. I think that is why we have fashioned a bill with so much bipartisan support.  The essence of this bill is that in the 21st century the new digital economy should be built on the principle of technological neutrality. The Internet should get no preference, nor should the Internet be the target of selective discrimination. Unfortunately, around the country we have seen instances, for example, where if you purchase a newspaper the traditional way, what is called snail mail, it is sent to you in your home and you pay no tax. But if you subscribe to the same newspaper via the Internet, you pay a hefty tax as a result.  Depending on what State you are in, electronic commerce may be taxed as a telecommunications service, computer service, information service, or some combination, and there are different rates around the country. My concern has long been that if a significant number of the 30,000 taxing jurisdictions in America all decide to take a bite out of the Internet, or if we have 50 States going at it individually, the Internet is going to look like Dodge City before the marshals showed up.  Chairman McCain was very right, that Internet growth is going to be enormous. There is a fair amount of Internet commerce going on today, but it is going to grow dramatically in the years ahead. That is why in our legislation we seek to come up with some ground rules for the new economy, and to do it before we have to react to critical problems.  I submit the greatest beneficiaries of this legislation are not the affluent and the powerful. The affluent and the powerful have lots of tax lawyers and specialists who, if they run up against a crazy quilt of taxes on the Internet, they are not going to have any problem using all of their legions of tax specialists to deal with that kind of situation. The people who are really going to benefit from this legislation are folks like home-based businesses, one of the fastest growing sectors of our economy. My home State of Oregon has more than 100,000 home-based businesses, and in meeting with them, many of them have said that electronic commerce is the key to their survival.  For rural communities and at-home parents and disabled individuals, the online world is a gateway to economic opportunity. If somebody in a rural community has a home-based business, for example, selling fruit or jam or something of this nature, I cannot believe that there is a single Member of the U.S. Senate who would want to subject that kind of person to a score of different taxes. I don't think there is a Senator who would want to do that. That is why we have this legislation before the Senate today, to come up with a set of ground rules.  Mr. President, here is the kind of example we are going to be talking about: If the present Senator in the chair wants to send a gift basket from Harry and David's in Medford, OR, to his cousin, say, in Florida, paying for it with a bank card in New York, using America Online in Virginia, how many jurisdictions would have the opportunity to impose a tax on that kind of transaction?  There really are no ground rules for that sort of thing today, and if there were to be a hodgepodge of large, new taxes on electronic commerce, it would be especially punitive on those folks in rural States, like Colorado and Oregon. That is one of the reasons that I and Senator McCain and others who have worked on this legislation have sought to bring this to the floor expeditiously.  I would like to take a minute to explain exactly what is in the bill and what is before the Senate.  First, the legislation is not going to preempt existing State and local taxes as long as they are technologically neutral. What that means is, if the authority is there for someone to pay a 5-percent sales tax when they buy a sweater in a particular jurisdiction, under the Internet tax freedom proposal, they will pay exactly the samekind of tax if they order it on the Internet.  States that impose and enforce taxes on Internet access in place today are going to be able to keep them. None of the States that tax Internet access today actually has a law on the books that expressly authorizes the taxation of Internet access, but as we heard in the hearings before the Commerce Committee, there are a variety of problems already cropping up as a result of administrative rulings and reinterpretations of existing law.  In fact, there is one major firm, Vertex, which has tried to sort through the status at the State level of how the Internet is being taxed. In a number of States, they basically said that they couldn't give a clear answer, but if anybody was interested in doing a business deal, a deal involving electronic commerce that touched on that particular State, they would be wise to get a consultation.  The legislation will not allow any State to attempt to impose or assess or attempt to collect a tax on Internet access after October 1, 1998, unless it already had done that with a tax in effect.  It is very clear that we are trying to be sensitive to the laws in place and the concerns of the States, but at the same time making sure that there is not going to be an opportunity for discriminatory taxes on electronic commerce.  In effect, what this legislation does is it ensures a timeout so that the commission of experts called for in the legislation can study these complicated questions and make sound policy recommendations to the Congress. But during that time, we take steps that we believe will be critically important to the development of electronic commerce as it relates to the smallest concerns in America. For example, the legislation assures that a web site is treated exactly like a mail-order catalog for purposes of interstate sales, so the taxing jurisdiction cannot attempt to impose a tax on a web site with respect to an out-of-State computer server.  The fact is, the online world is racing past outdated policies. The ground rules that we seek to establish here are just the beginning of what I think is going to be needed for the digital economy.  We have begun to debate in the Commerce Committee a variety of other issues. Yesterday, an important bill of Senator Bryan's was passed dealing with online privacy concerns as they relate to children. We may hear more about that before the end of the session, but I think that with this legislation we will begin to get the common definitions, the more clearly defined principles and standards, that are going to be essential for Internet commerce to go forward.  Recently, I was home and met with some small businesses, and one of them said that he was very excited about the work that we were doing on this legislation. He said: ``Just understand that I am not going to be able to grow my Internet business if there are 30,000 taxing jurisdictions all with their hands in our pocket.''  The American taxpayers made it clear of late how they regard the IRS. If we were to have thousands of small jurisdictions collecting Internet taxes, I think that the concern we would have with respect to the IRS would be multiplied many times over at the thought of thousands of mini-IRS-taxing authorities collecting Internet taxes.  I see that Senator Bumpers has arrived. I want to say, as Senator Bumpers comes to the floor and prepares his amendment, that I have agreed with him on a great many concerns over the years. I have agreed with Senator Bumpers about Social Security and the many times that he has led this body to take on spending boondoggles, environmental concerns, and the like. We don't happen to agree on this issue. I think it would be a mistake to let each State have its own sales tax arrangement for the Internet. It would certainly jack up taxes dramatically on the 100,000 home-based businesses in my State and the thousands of others across the country. I do think that if we have the States going off in their own directions, we do run the real risk of having the Internet look like Dodge City before the marshals showed up.  I will conclude by way of saying that Senator Bumpers has worked very closely with this Senator, knowing that it is particularly important to me. We have gotten agreement on a number of key questions, and that was critical to getting the legislation to the floor.  I want the Senator to know that he is going to be somebody whom this Senator will miss very, very much next year when I cannot look over and see Senator Bumpers and get his counsel on everything from Social Security to spending boondoggles. I thank him, because he has been aware that this legislation has been a priority of mine. I know he has strong feelings about it, and he was gracious enough to let it come forward and let us get these matters resolved. I express my appreciation to Senator Bumpers.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  