HUTCHINSON. Not at this time. In my office in the Dirksen Building I have a hanging portrait of the 5-&-10-cent store where Sam Walton started the Wal-Mart stores. There is nothing in this amendment that is antientrepreneur. The fact is that Wal-Mart, with their huge advertising budget, as it was alluded to, started as a little 5-&-10-cent store, as a mom-and-pop store in Arkansas. That is an American success story which ought to be applauded, not disparaged. Every American ought to have that opportunity, to have that dream. We ought not with legislation undercut that little Main Street store that cannot be replicated, cannot be replaced. No matter how great the Internet is, no matter how great catalogs are, they cannot replace that store on Main Street giving to the little league and supporting the local efforts and local initiatives.  A couple other things. It has been implied that somehow this amendment, this second-degree amendment would mandate that they focus the study, the commission focus their study on interstate sales. Nothing could be further from the truth. If you look at the bill, it says, and I quote, ``may include in the study *under subsection,'' may include a study of. It is, in fact, the Gregg amendment, the McCain-Gregg amendment that excludes even their authorization to study the impact, the obvious impact of remote sales including catalog, including Internet, all of the Internet remote sales, its impact upon small businesses and upon local and State government. It simply says ``may.'' It is simply authorizing, permissive language. It is, in fact, the House bill that mandated that they study this area and its impact, because it is so obvious the impact that it could potentially have, and that any study that should be done, if it is in fact to be a thorough study, must include this area.  It is the proponents of the Gregg amendment who would say what the Finance Committee did by a vote of 19 to 1 should be overturned. The Finance Committee, led by Senator Roth, included a study of these issues--and they should be included. They should be studied. The language in the bill says ``thorough study.'' How can you have a thorough study and then delete the area of interstate sales? It puzzles me. How can anyone object to having a broader study that would include all of the various issues involved in a very complex subject?  It has been implied that somehow this second-degree amendment, which would say this issue ought to be studied, is protax. My goodness, anybody who has ever looked at Tim Hutchinson's record in the statehouse in Arkansas, the U.S. House of Representatives, and the U.S. Senate, would have a hard time believing this amendment I am offering is protax or somehow a roadmap to higher taxes. Nothing could be further from the truth. We are not prejudging any kind of conclusions or any kind of recommendations that this commission might make. And, I remind my colleagues, it requires a two-thirds vote of the members of the commission to make any recommendation, and that is all they can make, is a recommendation. The final say remains with the Congress.  How in the world can you say this somehow is going to lead to higher taxes or somehow thwart the growth of the Internet? And that, may I say, has been another mischaracterization of this amendment--that it is somehow not only protax but anti-Internet.  We have applauded, and I applaud, the growth of the Internet. I quoted the statistics, from $8 billion in 1998 to the estimated $300 billion in sales in the year 2002; that is a good thing. But while it is a good thing, we should not be so blind as to think it is not going to have serious consequences, serious impacts, that ought to be examined in advance.  I support the bill. I support the timeout. I support the pause. I support the moratorium. But I also believe, if we are going to have a study, it ought to truly be a thorough study. It ought not say look at everything but don't look at the impact upon business, don't look at the impact upon the city government or the State government. It ought to truly be a thorough study. You cannot deal with these issues in a vacuum. They are interrelated, all of these, and they need to be, in fact, thoroughly studied.  Let me just conclude by saying I thought Senator Enzi's comments were moving. I, like Senator Dorgan, did not realize that he and his wife operated a little Main Street shoestore for over 20 years in Gillette, WY. I did not know that. I had a great appreciation for Senator Enzi. I have a greater appreciation now. But I think also that, as he paid those sales taxes day in and day out, as he made the struggles that any small business person makes in order to stay in existence, as he contributed to the Little League, as he contributed to the United Way, as he did everything that only a physical entity actually being right there in the community can do--irreplaceable--that we need to consider them, we need to think about them, as we pass this needed legislation.  I believe if they will simply look at the language of the second-degree amendment restoring what the Finance Committee did by a 19-to-1 vote and saying this is an area that ought to be examined, ought to be looked at, then I think my colleagues will realize that in fact it does make good sense and they will support it. I ask for their support.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sessions). The Senator from Arizona.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, the amendment does not say anything about what to do or not to do. What we are talking about here is whether the commission should say we should overturn the Quill decision. That is what we get down to, if we want to get through all the rhetoric and language about this. We don't think the Quill decision should be overturned. Obviously, the proponents of the amendment do, and that really is, to a significant degree, what this amendment is all about.  Mr. President, I move to table the amendment and ask for the yeas and nays.  