I think there has been a considerable effort in the last few months to address this in a bipartisan way.  I think the Senator from North Dakota is exactly right; what we want is technological neutrality. We don't want the Internet to get a preference. We don't want the Internet to be discriminated against. We want to be able to say, as we look to the brand new economy, the digital economy, that we don't make some of the mistakes that we made as we tried to sort out some of the issues, for example, with respect to mail order. I think the Senator from North Dakota has been very persistent in terms of trying to work with all the parties in making sure that the commission studies these issues fairly. That is certainly what I want.  I was very interested in my friend's comments with respect to his town in North Dakota and how the Internetwould allow, for example, somebody to log on in North Dakota and get goods from a sporting goods store far away and have them shipped to a small town in North Dakota. That is clearly one of the benefits. But what we also hope to do with the Internet Tax Freedom Act is make it possible to grow small businesses in North Dakota that will be able to furnish some of those goods and services.  My friend from North Dakota has many small communities in North Dakota, as I do in Oregon. I want to make sure that Burns and Wagontire and other small towns in Oregon can compete. My view is that sensible Internet policies will make those small businesses more competitive than they are today.  The reason that Main Street businesses support the Internet Tax Freedom Act, the bill that is before the Senate today, is that Main Street businesses, those small stores, recognize right now they are having a lot of difficulty competing with the Wal-Mart giants and certainly major corporations that are located overseas.  And once you make geography irrelevant, which the Internet does, once you get a fair tax policy for a home-based business in Oregon or North Dakota, rather than those businesses facing discriminatory taxes, as we have been addressing today, I think we will grow more small businesses in North Dakota and Oregon on Main Street, and that is the hope of the sponsors of this legislation.  So let me yield back to the Senator from North Dakota, as this Senator has to head off for a 7 or 8-hour flight home. I want to again express my thanks to the Senator from North Dakota. He and his staff have spent many, many hours toiling over what is arcane language, at best, with respect to the digital economy and these new issues. I think the Senator from North Dakota is right in saying that this is just the beginning of this whole discussion. We had another initiative yesterday that was very sensible--Senator Bryan's initiative dealing with on-line privacy as it relates to children. So we are just at the beginning of these issues.  I hope to be sitting next to the Senator from North Dakota on the Communications Subcommittee as we tackle these questions. I think we have made considerable progress. I specifically thank Senator Graham, Senator Bumpers, as well as the Senator from North Dakota. They have had strong views on this matter, and they know this bill has been important to me. They have all been very gracious in helping to move it along. Also, Senator McCain will be back on the floor in a few moments. We simply could not have been here without the support of Senator McCain and his staff. I am looking forward to seeing this legislation go to the President before we wrap up. I thank the Senator from North Dakota.  