Dozens of nominations are pending, and more than 400 items are on the calendar. Being an election year, thisis a recipe for the explosion of a little-known procedure, but one that is extraordinarily important as the Senate moves to the end of the session. I speak today about the issue of secret holds on nominations and legislation before this body.  Nowhere in the Constitution nor in our Federal statutes is there any mention of the right of a U.S. Senator to put a secret hold on a bill or a nomination. Nevertheless, this power is one of the two or three most significant powers that a Member of the U.S. Senate can have. In effect, this power allows any Member of the U.S. Senate, in secret, to block a nomination or a piece of legislation from even being considered on the floor of this body.  I have talked to citizens at home about this. They are stunned that any Member of the U.S. Senate would have the power to be able to block something. But what really galls them is the right to do it in secret without there being any accountability whatsoever.  I am of the view that it is appropriate that Members of the U.S. Senate, in efforts to represent our constituents, have the power to make decisions that are going to affect dramatically the lives of millions of Americans. But I think that extraordinary power ought to be accompanied by real responsibility. Certainly if one Member of the U.S. Senate is going to block this body from even considering a bill or a nomination, it should be accompanied by public disclosure.  Our friend, Senator Grassley, has come on to the floor. The Presiding Officer and our colleagues know that for more than a year he and I have been trying to bring some sunshine to the U.S. Senate. We have been trying to change the rules so that if a Member does singlehandedly seek to block a nomination or a bill from coming to this floor, they would be required, as part of the Standing Order of the Senate, to stipulate in the Congressional Record that they were, in fact, that individual.  We are moving to that part of the legislative session where the secret hold is most abused. Very shortly, in this body we will begin a game that I call legislative hide and seek. We will have holds on nominations and bills. Outside this Capitol Building there will be lobbyists trying to figure out who has put a secret hold on a particular bill or nomination. And this entire process contributes to the cynicism and skepticism that so many Americans have about our government today.  Madam President and colleagues, it came to light in the fall of 1997--which, as we all know, wasn't an election year--that there were 42 holds in play at one time. As I mentioned, this game of legislative hide and seek was underway outside these Chambers.  At that time, Senator Grassley and I were able to win on a voice vote an amendment to change the Senate's Standing Orders to require public disclosure of a hold. But then, in what was really the ultimate irony, our effort to end secret holds was secretly killed in a conference committee and vanished when the D.C. appropriations bill was brought back before the Senate.  I hope now with just over 50 legislative days remaining, that the Senate would on a bipartisan basis change this particular longstanding tradition--a tradition noted nowhere in the Constitution, our Federal statutes or Senate rules--and bring some openness and some sunshine to this body.  The hold started out as simply an effort to try to accommodate our colleagues. If a Member of the U.S. Senate had a spouse who was ill or a relative who faced a particular problem, they could, on a Monday, say, ``I can't be there on Tuesday, would it be possible to hold things over for a couple of days so I could address a matter that was important to my constituents?''  That is not what Senator Grassley and I are talking about. We are not talking about the right of a Senator to be present to discuss an issue important to them and to their constituents. We are talking about making sure that when a Member of the U.S. Senate digs in and digs in to block a particular nomination or a bill from either coming to the floor or ever being considered at all, that at that point they would be required to disclose publicly that they are the individual who is blocking consideration by the Senate.  Under our amendment no Member of the U.S. Senate would lose their power to place a hold on a bill. A Senator's power would be absolutely unchanged with respect to the right to place a hold on legislation. All that Senator Grassley and I are saying is when you put on that hold, be straight with the American people. Let the Senate and let the American people know that you are the person who feels strongly about a particular issue. Make sure that it is possible, then, for us to find out where in the discussion of a particular nomination or piece of legislation the Senate is considering there is a problem. This has not been the case, and this situation is getting increasingly serious.  In the two years since I have been here I have seen more and more abuse of this process. We are seeing in a number of instances that even the Senators themselves don't know that a hold is being placed in their name. I have had Senators come to me and say, ``I learned that one of my staff''--or someone else's staff--``put a hold on a bill,'' and the Senator I was working with didn't even know that a hold had been placed on the legislation.  This ought to be an easy reform for the U.S. Senate. It simply would require openness, public disclosure, and an opportunity for every Member of the Senate and for the American people to know who, in fact, feels sufficiently strongly about that bill, that they are the one keeping this body from considering it.  A number of public interest organizations and opinion leaders have come out in favor of the effort being pursued by myself and Senator Grassley. I will close my opening remarks and then yield my time to Senator Grassley, with just a quick statement from a Washington Post editorial that came out in favor of this effort.  The Washington Post said:       It's time members of the Senate stand up and answer to each      other and the public for such actions. What are they scared      of?  That, Madam President, is what this issue is all about. It doesn't pass the smell test to keep this information from the American people. There is not a town meeting in our country where it is possible for a Member of the U.S. Senate to say, ``I'm involved in making decisions that affect millions of people and billions of dollars, but you know, I'm not going to tell you anything about it. I'm not going to let you in on this particular procedure.''  Again, this is a procedure that has evolved over the years, that is written down nowhere, not in the rules, not in the statutes, and not even in the Constitution.  Madam President, it is time to ensure that when Senators exercise the extraordinary powers that we are accorded in the Constitution and the laws of our land, that those powers be met with responsibility, powers that make it clear that when there is legislation affecting billions of dollars and countless Americans that we are going to let the public in on the way the Senate does its business.  Senator Grassley and I filed our amendment to the Department of Defense authorization bill. It is our intention to bring this bipartisan amendment before the Senate at the earliest opportunity. We want to make it very clear that between now and the fall, when we are likely to have 60, 70, 80 secret holds and this game of hide and seek is being played all over the Capitol, Senator Grassley and I want to have the Senate rules changed so that the public will know at the end of a session how and when these important decisions are being made.  Before I conclude, let me just say to my colleague from Iowa, who has joined us on the floor to speak after me this afternoon, I have enjoyed working with him on many issues. I serve on the Senate Aging Committee, which he so ably Chairs, but I am particularly appreciative of the chance to work with him on this issue. We have had a bipartisan team pursuing this matter for many, many months. We want it understood that there is absolutely nothing partisan, nothing Democrat, nothing Republican, about our desire to bring real openness and accountability to the U.S. Senate. This isn't about partisan politics. This is about good government. This is about making sure that in the last days of a Senate session we are no longer playing legislative hide and seek, but are making decisions in a way that we are accountable to the public, and that the American people can follow. We want to contribute to confidence in the way theSenate does its business, rather than to what we face today, which is additional skepticism and cynicism by virtue of the fact that the Senate does so much business at the end of a session in secret.  I thank my colleague from Iowa, and I yield the floor.  