President and colleagues, Senator Smith and I, having visited with our constituents at home and in Springfield, OR, after the terrible tragedy at Thurston High School, believe it is absolutely critical that concrete steps be taken between now and the beginning of the school year to increase the safety for our young people in schools across the land.  We believe this legislation, which has now been agreed to by both the majority and the minority, can be the first concrete step that will be taken to ensure that this fall our young people and their families can have an added measure of safety when they attend our Nation's schools. We believe that when a young person brings a gun to school, that ought to set off a five-alarm warning that there are problems for our society.  Our colleagues on several occasions have mentioned today that in a number of States it has been documented that in several hundred instances a year young people bring a gun to school, disciplinary action is taken, but then it is essentially at the discretion of law enforcement officials and others as to what additional steps will be taken.  Law enforcement officials across our State and across the country have made it very clear that they don't believe it is appropriate to put that discretion in their hands. They would like to make sure that government sets out a policy that would stipulate that when a young person brings a gun to school, that that young person will be detained for an adequate period of time to have a mental health assessment, to have law enforcement officials involved, to have health policymakers participate in what action should then be taken to best promote safety in our society. If my home State of Oregon had this policy in effect at the time of the tragedy at Thurston High School, Kip Kinkel, who is alleged to have perpetrated these crimes, would have been before a judge and held, and, in my view, unquestionably, would have been detained rather than sent home, where he allegedly killed his parents and then came back, literally, within a relatively short time, and shot and injured more than 20 young people at Thurston High School in Springfield.  What our legislation does is ensure that States that have put in place a policy of detaining a student caught with bringing a gun--that States with that policy would be accorded a priority for title V funding, the prevention and delinquency funding program, under this legislation. That way, we would ensure that, on an ongoing basis, every State in our country would have an incentive to ensure that when young people bring guns to school, as was done in the case of the Springfield tragedy, rather than simply leave to fate what happens next, there would be a finding of what was the most appropriate step to take to ensure the safety of the community.  Mr. President, I think we all agree that our schools ought to be places of learning, not of tragedy and violence. One lesson that has been learned from the tragic shootings in Oregon and Arkansas and other States is that clearly there is something wrong today with the policies for dealing with young people and guns. The policies today aren't working. Young people are falling through the cracks, and some of them are shooting other children. Bringing a gun to school ought to be a warning signal, an early sign, that there is a serious potential threat for our society. When that act takes place, it is important to get the student out of the classroom, off the streets, and in front of a professional who can make a determination of how much of a threat that student is to the community.  I think most legislators would agree we don't have all the answers, but we do know that keeping an angry student with a gun out of the classroom and off the schoolyard ought to be part of the solution. That is why the amendment that I sponsor today, with Senator Gordon Smith of my home State, focuses on two tracks. First, Senator Smith and I seek to remove the threat of violence from our schools as soon as it is identified. Second, we help our communities find the resources they need to identify and serve at-risk students so it is possible to prevent a potential health and safety problem from becoming the sort of tragedy that was seen at Thurston High School.  This amendment provides concrete incentives to States to immediately remove any student who brings a gun to school and to get that student before a judge and other qualified professionals. If the judge determines that student is a threat to the community or to the individual themselves, the State must hold that student for a period of time that would allow for an appropriate placement that protects our society.  If a State has in place this sort of policy to protect the community, families, and students, our legislation will give that State priority when it comes to funding juvenile justice grants. Thatmeans they will be in a position to devote more resources to make sure that at-risk students don't follow that path of crime and delinquency, and it will be possible with these grants to target high-risk young people for aggressive and early intervention so these young people can be reached with appropriate treatment before they fall through the cracks.  What has been learned in Springfield and the other communities across this country is that expelling a student for bringing a gun to school may adequately punish the student's behavior, but it is not enough to protect the community and our society.  It is important to ensure that the appropriate steps are taken at that time--at that time when the student is apprehended by school officials, so that that student has every opportunity to work through potential problems they may be having at home, or with their peers, and our society can find a balance between preventing these crimes from occurring and punishing them when they actually take place.  There isn't a Member of this U.S. Senate who is not deeply concerned about this set of incidents across our country--literally across our Nation--where young people have been taken from us by school violence. In Springfield, OR, where Senator Smith and I visited with the President--who deserves great credit, in my view, for supporting our bipartisan legislation--the community promised Senator Smith and I that they wanted to let the violence end here.  It is our hope that this legislation will give States the incentive they need to enact tough detention statutes to ensure that what happened in Thurston doesn't happen across this country. My friend and colleague, Senator Smith, is here and I want to yield the floor in just a moment. I want to thank him for the bipartisan effort that has been made on this legislation and on so many other issues that have been important to the people of Oregon. The people of Oregon and the people of our country do not see these as bipartisan issues. There is not a Democratic approach to preventing school violence and a Republican approach to preventing school violence. I tell our colleagues that the approach Senator Smith and I bring before the U.S. Senate tonight has been supported by those who oppose gun control and those who are for gun control because they see this as commonsense Government that will be good for our students and our families.  I will close by saying that when the Senate acts tonight, this can be the first concrete step that actually protects students and families when school starts this fall. So we are very grateful to our colleagues for helping us, including our friends Senator Hollings, Senator Gregg, and Senator Leahy, who is not on the floor, and Senator Hatch has been so helpful. Senator Sessions has added an innovative approach with respect to establishing a court supervisory initiative to addressing unlawful juvenile gun use. This is a bipartisan step forward in making our schools safe across this land.  I yield the floor at this time.  