President.  Mr. President, and colleagues, the single most important step this Congress can take to protect our youngsters from the tobacco companies that prey on them is to hold each of those companies individually accountable. And that is what the look-back legislation does that is now before the Senate.  I would like to spend just a few minutes talking about why this is such a critically important amendment in terms of protecting our children.  History shows, and shows very clearly, that each time the Congress tried to rein in the tobacco companies in the past, the tobacco companies would use their enormous marketing, entrepreneurial and public relations skills to get around those efforts. So this amendment offered by our colleagues, Senators Durbin, DeWine, myself, and others, provides an opportunity to literally reverse the course of history.  Previous efforts were always evaded by the tobacco companies. They were able to get around efforts to restrict electronic advertising; they were able to get around the early warning labels that were passed by the Congress. When our colleague on the other side of the Congress, the late Mike Synar, passed legislation to ensure that the States would take strong action to enforce the antisales laws to minors, the tobacco companies got around that. And the reason is that past policies never provided a way to hold each individual company accountable.  So that is why this legislation is so very important. I would submit to my colleagues--I argued this in the Senate Commerce Committee when, as the Presiding Officer knows because I offered a similar proposal there as well--that this is really the key, if you want to see tobacco companies clean up their act and do what they have long said they would do, and that is, stop targeting the youngsters of our country.  If you really do not want to change business as usual, vote against this amendment. If you think that tobacco companies will do it on their own, then you ought to oppose this amendment. But if you want to change the course of history and make sure that we have the tools to hold the companies accountable when they again, as they have done throughout history, look for ways to get around this legislation, if you really want to get the job done right, then vote for this amendment offered by our colleague from Illinois.  The tobacco companies have spent vast sums in recent months arguing that this sort of legislation really isn't needed, that they would take strong action on their own and that they have cleaned up their act from years past. In the Senate Commerce Committee, we heard that argument. As the Presiding Officer knows, we heard from all the CEOs at that time. Given the fact that many of the documents and the accounts of past industry misdeeds were pretty old, a number of us were inclined to say it is a new day. Let us see if the tobacco companies are going to be better corporate citizens. Let's see if they have cleaned up their act.  As we prepared for those Commerce Committee hearings, Mr. President, I learned that the Brown & Williamson Company was again engaging in conduct that did not really reflect what they and other companies were saying in the ads that they were running at that time about how it is a new day and they have cleaned up their act.  A brief bit of history for the Senate I think would be revealing.  I participated, as a Member of the other body, in the hearings in 1994 where the tobacco executives then under oath, told me that nicotine isn't addictive. Of course, they contradicted every Surgeon General for decades. But there was actually a revelation at that hearing that perhaps was equally remarkable. At that hearing, it was brought to light that the Brown & Williamson Company was geneticallyaltering tobacco plants to give it an added punch as a way to attract smokers--shocking evidence. And when brought to light, the Brown & Williamson Company pledged to the committee, to the country, that they wouldn't engage in that kind of conduct again.  As we prepared for our hearings in the Senate Commerce Committee, we began to hear about news reports that the Brown & Williamson Company was using genetically altered tobacco, known as Y-1, in cigarettes and selling them both here and abroad. So when the executives came before the Senate Commerce Committee I asked them about this. In their words, the CEO of the Brown & Williamson Company said, ``We are working off a small stockpile of genetically-altered tobacco, and in fact that is being included in cigarettes in our country and around the world.''  As many in the Senate know, there is now a criminal inquiry underway. There have already been those who have pleaded guilty in connection with this matter. The Justice Department continues its investigation.  The reason I bring this up is this is a concrete, tangible reason why we need the amendment offered by the Senator from Illinois. The Senator from Illinois, our colleague, Senator Durbin, gives us a chance to reign in a company that engages in that kind of rogue action, action that is detrimental to the health of the American people, and action that, in fact, as recently as 4 years ago said they would never engage in again.  It is one thing to talk about conduct that is 20 or 30 years old; it is another thing to talk about conduct that stems from the 1950s. But it is quite another to see a company that makes a pledge to the American people that they will stop engaging in a health practice which is obviously detrimental to children and to our citizens, and then start it again, even while the hot light of the Congress is examining their conduct in considering legislation.  These companies are not going to change on their own, Mr. President. We are going to have to hold them accountable through legislation. That is why this amendment is so very important. I will tell my colleagues that I believe this amendment, in connection with the accountability requirements that the President knows we set up in the course of our Commerce Committee deliberations, is the single most important tool for reversing history and making sure that after this bill is passed and the tobacco companies try to get around it, that we will have some strong tools to rein them in.  I know we want to move to a vote on this, but I simply wanted to take a few minutes of the Senate's time to say that I think this is a critically important amendment. It is critically important for each Senator who really is serious about changing business as usual with respect to tobacco policy. The single most important concept the tobacco companies fear is accountability. They have not been faced with company specific accountability when we have passed previous legislation--warning labels, advertising restrictions, or the Synar amendment. They never had to face an amendment like this that would say, look, we are actually going to require you to produce results.  I hope our colleagues will, as reflected by the bipartisan authorship of this amendment--our colleagues, Senator Durbin and Senator DeWine--will pass this legislation. It is critically important for the youngsters of this country. It is the one part of this bill that will make sure that the job actually gets done in protecting youngsters, and not allow another piece of legislation, once again, to be evaded by the tobacco companies' genius, their marketing skills, and the vast sums that they will continue to spend with respect to marketing their products.  I yield the floor.  