As Chairman McCain and my colleague, Senator Dorgan, noted, the two issues we have been trying to deal with, the question of grandfathering in existing States and localities and the length of the moratorium are linked, and we think we have a fair process in place now for resolving the two important issues.  I would like to tell my colleagues why I think it is important that we go with the McCain amendment on the length of the moratorium. The legislation, when I introduced it in March of 1997, did not specify how long the moratorium should last. When we considered it in the Senate Commerce Committee, after a very lengthy debate and, in effect, taking a break for 5 or 6 months after the hearings were held to try to work with Senators on both sides of the aisle, the Senate Commerce Committee voted out legislation that set in place a 6-year moratorium.  As Senators know, the Finance Committee then went forward with its legislation and imposed a 2-year moratorium. In a sense, this moratorium isn't even the most accurate way to describe it because even during this period Internet transactions were treated exactly like any other transaction. We have heard discussion of how, in some way, the legislation would create some sort of special tax haven for the Internet, and that is simply not the case. Internet transactions would be treated just like any other.  The reason the McCain amendment with respect to the length of the moratorium is important is not just because it is a compromise--4 years--between the Commerce Committee bill and the Finance Committee bill, but I think it is going to take that long in order to deal with these issues in a thoughtful way. They are complicated questions. It is very clear that if, for example, someone orders fruit from Harry and David's in Medford, OR, uses America Online in Virginia to make the order, pays for it with a bank card in California, and ships it to a cousin in Boston, this transaction could affect scores and scores of local jurisdictions, as well as a number of States. So we do want sufficient time to sort out these issues.  Under the amendment that will be first offered by Senator McCain and myself, there would be a two-step process. First, the commission studies the issues and makes its recommendations to the Congress. Second, the recommendation must be implemented. Our concern is that a number of State legislatures do not meet every year; mine is one. You are going to need the McCain-Wyden amendment with respect to the moratorium in order to make sure that you have sufficient time for both the study of these issues and recommendations to the Congress, as well as an adequate amount of time for legislative bodies to consider them.  So we felt that the amendment we were offering not only was a fair compromise between what was passed in the Senate Commerce Committee overwhelmingly and what was passed in the Senate Finance Committee, but in terms of the actual logistics of State legislative sessions, we believe the amendment that we will be offering with respect to the length of the moratorium is a critical one.  The fact of the matter is, when you have in the vicinity of 30,000 taxing jurisdictions--and that is the number in our country--you have the prospect of different taxing jurisdictions in States and localities that all see the Internet as the golden goose; you have the real prospect that policies could be adopted that would cause great damage to the Internet's development and cause that golden goose to lay far fewer eggs.  What we are trying to do in this legislation is to restore a balance with respect to the moratorium. We think it is a fair compromise between what the two committees dealt with here in the U.S. Senate, and at the same time we think it is an approach that will give adequate time for the States and localities to deal with the recommendations that are made while making sure that businesses aren't confused and, in a number of instances, paralyzed by discriminatory and multiple taxation about which they are already expressing concerns.  I think we have made a considerable amount of headway. As I have said in a couple of instances when I came to the floor, if you look at the legislation that the Presiding Officer heard discussed in the Commerce Committeeearly in 1997 and the legislation that is before the Senate now, it is clear that there have been many, many changes, over 30. Those are changes that were made specifically to try to deal with the legitimate concerns of States and localities that are concerned about their revenue prospects with respect to the digital economy.  We have tried to be fair. We had a number of votes on the floor of the Senate. There were several which I thought would have done great damage to the philosophy of what we are trying to do in this legislation. There were others raised with respect to ensuring the fair analysis of a variety of issues and participation on the commission where, clearly, Senators have tried very hard to work together.  The issue that is coming up now with respect to the length of the moratorium is critical. When I introduced this legislation last year, there was no end date on the moratorium. The reason there was not is that it was our view that if ever there was something that ought to be treated as interstate commerce, it was the Internet. The Internet is global; it knows no boundaries. It is not something that ought to be balkanized in the 21st century into kind of a toll-riddled freeway where it will be very hard to tap the potential of the Internet.  We should make no mistake about it. The great potential for the Internet is for those individuals, such as those in rural America and inner cities, senior citizens, handicapped individuals, many of them operating home-based businesses, who with sensible governmental policies will be able to, in my view, make a very decent living in the global economy. But the prerequisite of having those kinds of opportunities will be policies that allow the Internet to flourish. Those policies should neither be discriminatory against the Internet nor should they be preferential.  I have heard various Senators say over the last few days that in some way this legislation would ensure preferential treatment for the Internet. It would do nothing of the sort. It would say very specifically that Internet sales ought to be treated just like everything else. If you pay a specific tax by buying the goods in a jurisdiction in the traditional way, by walking into a retail store, under this legislation, even with the moratorium, you pay exactly the same tax if you order those goods over the Internet--exactly the same tax. There is nothing preferential, nothing discriminatory.  In a little bit we will have that first vote on the amendment that Chairman McCain and I offered together with respect to the length of the moratorium. It will ensure that we have enough time to study the various issues with respect to electronic commerce and make recommendations, and it will give adequate time to have those recommendations implemented by the localities and the States. There are a number of States that do not meet every year, for example, with their legislatures. They would not have adequate time under the shorter version of the moratorium.  Madam President, and colleagues, we will have those votes before too long. I thank the various Senators who have weighed in with myself and Chairman McCain, both today and over the last few days. This has been a good debate. And it is only the beginning of our discussions on the ground rules for the digital economy.  This presents a whole new set of questions for the U.S. Senate. When we look at traditional commerce, even with the Senate Commerce Committee of 40 or 50 years ago, we were talking about moving goods from point A to point B. There was a role for traditional business. There was a role for labor unions and various other key economic sectors such as the transportation sector. That has changed now in many respects, because information--in effect, goods and services--can move on the Internet in a flash of light. So we need sensible policies.  I urge my colleagues to support that first amendment that Chairman McCain and I are offering with respect to the length of the moratorium. It will ensure that States and localities have an adequate amount of time to act after the recommendations of the commission to go forward. It is a true compromise. The Senate Commerce Committee passed legislation that called for a moratorium of 6 years after my original bill with Chairman McCain, which had no end date at all. The Senate Finance Committee bill was 2 years. We are going forward with 4. That would give the States an opportunity to act in a thoughtful way.  I hope on that first vote the Senate will support the McCain-Wyden amendment with respect to the length of the moratorium.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  Mr. McCAIN addressed the Chair.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gorton). The Senator from Arizona.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I urge the advocates of the 3-year moratorium to come to the floor and help us explore this very complex issue as to whether we are going to have a 3-year or a 4-year moratorium. I know it is a subject that is complex in detail. However, we would like to complete the debate on this very complicated issue that we were unable to resolve with our friends on the other side of this issue.  Again, I find it remarkable that we were able to work out grandfather language, and about 15 other amendments. But somehow this one is worthy of a vote as to whether a moratorium is 3 or 4 years.  I can't add a lot to what the distinguished Senator from Oregon just said, except to say that I hope we can minimize the debate. But I say to those who are the 3-year advocates to come over and make their case, because as soon as Senator Dorgan comes back we would like to move on that amendment, because I believe that, following Senator Murkowski's motion on the underlying amendment, we can move to final passage on this bill.  I know the Senator from Oregon would like to dispense of this legislation but not nearly so much as I would.  