 Madam President, by focusing on Social Security reform, educational quality, and strengthening the rights of health care patients, last night's speech zeroed in on the issues that I have been hearing Oregonians talk about during the course of 12 town meetings this month. Certainly a budget surplus, no matter how you count to create that surplus, is not going to bring us into some sort of budget nirvana if it is followed by more years of deficits. And I thought what was especially constructive about last night's speech was it zeroed in on the critical questions of retirement and health care that clearly drive the budget and the deficit for the long-term. The fact is you cannot have long-term budget discipline unless you deal with Social Security and health care, and I think last night we heard a call to arms, to dig in on a bipartisan basis on those key issues.  Now, with respect to Social Security--and I am sure it is the case for all of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle--I can report that in my State more young people think that they are going to have a date with an extraterrestrial than think they are going to get a Social Security check. They look at these whopper payroll taxes that they are paying today, more than 6 percent for the worker, more than 6 percent for the employer, millions of Americans paying more in payroll taxes than they pay in income taxes, and they see that essentially their retirement contribution in the past has gone to a great extent to operate the budget.  I think it is fair to say--and there has been a considerable amount of discussion of this in the last few weeks --that the budget surplus in America is to a great extent the Social Security surplus in America. I think last night we learned that the real challenge ahead--the President essentially called for what amounts to a year-long national teach-in on retirement finance in America--is to be straight with people. We are going to have to talk about the tough choices and in particular how we protect the millions of Americans for whom Social Security is a lifeline, vulnerable folks who every month are balancing their food costs against their medical bills and medical bills against their pharmaceutical bills, and the question is, how do we take care of those vulnerable folks and still getready for this demographic tsunami--75, 80 million baby boomers that are going to retire early in the next century.  But it seems to me that if we spend the next year working on a bipartisan basis to dig into these issues, look at a variety of different approaches--I am particularly attracted to the idea of trying to stimulate more private saving; I think there are a variety of ways in which that can be done--we will have said on our watch, on our watch, Madam President--and I have enjoyed serving with you on the Senate Committee on Aging--we will be able to say that on our watch we did not duck the tough and difficult questions. And certainly they are just as difficult with respect to health care as they are to retirement finance.  I come from a part of the United States where we have perhaps the highest concentration of managed care in the country. In fact, in my hometown of Portland, more than half of the older people are in HMOs, are in managed care, and the challenge always is, even in a hometown like mine where we have a lot of good managed care, how do you hold the cost down while still protecting the rights of patients in those health plans.  I am of the view that a lot of those folks feel powerless today. Frankly, they feel powerless throughout the health system, whether they are in an HMO or a fee-for-service plan or one of these hybrids that is a little bit of each. And I think that we as a body differ on lots of aspects about health care. Certainly you can differ on the role of the Federal Government, State government, tax policy, and a variety of issues, but I, for the life of me, cannot understand why any of us would not support what we heard last night with respect to patients being told about all their options in the health care system. Disagree all you want about the kind of services that ought to be part of a health plan but let us not disagree on the fundamental right to know what treatment might be available to you and what your options are. The same with the right of appeal, the right to make sure that if you felt you did not get a fair shake from the health care system you would have an opportunity to be heard and you could have another chance to make sure that your claim for services was addressed in a fair way. This issue, the question of protecting the rights of patients in health plans while holding costs down, is the essence of our challenge in health care. Of course you can hold costs down if you don't give people any care. That is a walk in the park. Anybody can do that. That is not the kind of health care system we want. We want one that both holds costs down and protects the quality of health care in our country. We have been able to achieve some of that success in my home State. I am convinced we can do it in every community in Oregon and across the country, but it is going to mean, as we heard last night, stepping forward, stepping up to the key issues.  Madam President, what I was especially pleased about with respect to last night's speech was the call for bipartisanship. I think that is critical to taking on these key issues such as retirement and health care. Again, in our home State, that's the kind of government that we are trying to practice. I can tell you that my colleague in the U.S. Senate, Senator Gordon Smith and I, after we ran against each other for the seat to replace Bob Packwood--of all people, we could probably have come here and quarreled about all kinds of issues. We have not wanted to make that part of our service. We wanted to make part of our service tackling these issues on a bipartisan basis, in a way that makes sense for Oregon and our country. That is why, as new members of the Budget Committee, we joined in the last session in terms of Medicare reimbursement reform.  As the Presiding Officer of this body knows, regarding much of the Medicare reimbursement system, since its inception the program has actually rewarded folks for being inefficient and penalized States for holding costs down. Senator Smith and I thought that was particularly unfair to our constituents, who have done so much heavy lifting to get the health care system back on track. We worked with other Senators, leaders on both sides, and were able to make some very dramatic changes in that reimbursement system. It has an eye-glazing name called the AAPCC, the Average Adjusted Per Capita Costs, but it's the guts of reimbursement. And I am convinced that when, on a bipartisan basis, colleagues can work for those kinds of changes, and we were successful last session, we can certainly rise to the challenge that we were given last night and move ahead with respect to reform as it relates to health maintenance organizations--consumer rights, like the right to full information and the right to appeal.  So I am optimistic, as we go forward in the days ahead to tackle these issues, Madam President. I think we have an opportunity on our watch to say that we did not duck, that we understand that these issues, with respect to retirement and health care financing, are the biggest issues that in the past folks in politics ducked. We cannot afford to do that any longer. I look forward to working on a bipartisan basis with my colleagues on those questions in the days ahead.  I yield the floor.  