President, first, let me say that I strongly support the Gregg amendment. Let me say to the Senator from Arkansas, I think his amendment is in the wrong place. I think it is supposed to go at page 25. But if we could work with him, we want to make sure that there is fair consideration of his amendment.  Mr. President, let me also say that the whole point of the Internet Tax Freedom Act is to focus on electronic commerce. We have had, since the beginning of this discussion, efforts to bring into this debate a variety of other kinds of subjects, but it seems to me at a time when we have 30,000 taxing jurisdictions, many of which have varied and sundry ideas with respect to electronic commerce and the Internet, what we ought to do is stick to the subject at hand, and that is calling a brief time-out to look at these issues, a time-out in which the Internet would be treated like everything else, by the way.  At various points in this debate we have heard about how we are establishing a tax haven for the Internet. That is simply wrong. During the moratorium, sales on the Internet would get treated just like other sales. It is very important now, with the extraordinary growth of the Internet, as our colleagues have noted, that we do this job right, which requires that we go forward with language such as that offered by the Senator from New Hampshire to ensure that we focus on electronic commerce.  By doing that, we also increase the prospects for making sure that at the end of our work we have a policy that guarantees technological neutrality. We don't have that today in America. We have parts of the country, for example, where you get the newspaper through traditional mail, and you pay no tax on it. But if you read that very same newspaper on line, you pay a tax. That is not technologically neutral. That is what our legislation is all about. The Internet should not get a preference, nor should the Internet be discriminated against. It seems to me that by adopting the Gregg amendment we will ensure that the focus is on electronic commerce, No. 1; No. 2, we will have a chance to look at the very complicated and technical questions dealing with what is close to 30,000 taxing jurisdictions, and I urge my colleagues to support the original Gregg amendment.  I yield the floor.  