 It is quite clear, at page 21 and page 22, that there will be ``a thorough study'' of the issues and that the commission will look at ``comparable interstate or international sales activities.''  The question, Mr. President, and colleagues, is whether or not we are going to focus on yesterday's concerns, which are the mail-order or catalog issues--and they are important ones--or are we going to look at trying to come up with some sensible policies with respect to tomorrow's issues which essentially involve the ground rules for the digital economy.  Somehow, those that want to look at mail-order and catalog sales feel that they can resolve all of their concerns on this legislation. We feel otherwise. The reason that it is so important to have the Gregg language is that it does put the focus on electronic commerce. I and others believe that if we do look at electronic commerce, and look at it thoughtfully, that it may, in fact, come up with some answers to these other issues--mail-order and catalog questions, which are important--but if we change the focus of this bill, which is essentially what the Senator from Arkansas wants to do, I believe what is going to happen is, A, we will not get any sensible ground rules for electronic commerce, nor will we deal with the issues with respect to mail orders.  The fact of the matter is that Main Street America overwhelmingly has endorsed this bill. We have entered into the Record the list of the groups that are for it. And the reason that Main Street has endorsed this legislation is that if you are a small business on a main street in rural Arkansas or rural Oregon, or any other part of the country that is essentially rural, right now you are having a lot of difficulty competing against the Wal-Marts and the economic giants in our country.  The Internet is a great equalizer. By having a web page, by having the ability to do business on line, that Main Street business in rural Oregon or rural America, for the first time, has the ability, in an inexpensive way, to market and look at lucrative markets around the world.  Picture, if we will, what will happen to a home-based business in Wyoming or Arkansas or Oregon if we do nothing. There are 100,000 of these home-based businesses in my State alone. They are the fastest growing part of our economy, and if we do not come up with some uniform tax treatment for these home-based businesses, what is going to happen is they will be subject to scores of different taxes all over America.  How is a home-based business in the State of Oregon or the State of Arkansas going to go out and hire a battery of accountants and lawyers and experts to help them sort this out? They are not going to be able to do it. And that is why, when we had the hearings on this legislation in the Senate Commerce Committee, we heard from a small Tennessee business that tried to operate through this thicket of different kinds of State and local rules and ended up going out of business.  These home-based businesses are simply not going to be able to hire the battery of experts and accountants and lawyers that some of those who have opposed this legislation are going to mandate on these small businesses. So I hope that we can stick to the issue in front of us. That would mean going forward with the Gregg amendment and rejecting the amendment of the Senator from Arkansas.  The Senator from Arkansas did ask me to yield, and I am happy to do so.  