President. I think this may well be a historic day. What the U.S. Senate is doing is beginning to write the ground rules for the digital economy. As we have seen just in the last hour again, it is going to be a tough job.  We have had just in the last hour another set of questions that have come up with respect just to the terminology that is used in this new field. For example, some States call an Internet access tax a tax on on-line services.  What we have done now as a result of the agreement among the Senator from Arizona, the Senator from North Dakota, the Senator from Florida and myself, is we have said that we are going to treat those terms the same way when, in fact, they have the same effect. I think that this exercise, while certainly laborious and difficult, is just an indication of the kind of challenges we have to overcome.  I thank particularly the Senator from Florida. He feels very strongly about this issue and has made the case again and again to me that it is important to do this job right, and I share his view. I thank him for his courtesies.  The Senator from North Dakota and I have been debating this legislation now for a year and a half, probably at a much higher decibel level than either of us would have liked.  The chairman of the committee, Chairman McCain, and I have been friends for almost 20 years now. For this freshman Senator--not even a full freshman, an arrival in a special election--to have a chance to team up on this important piece of legislation is a great thrill. I thank him and his staff for all of their courtesies.  Before I make any final comments, I want to thank Ms. Carole Grunberg of our office who again and again, when this legislation simply did not look like it could go forward, persisted. And she, along with Senator Dorgan's staff and Senator McCain's staff, has helped to get us to this exciting day.  I am particularly pleased, Mr. President--I will wrap up with this--for the benefits that this legislation is going to have for people without a lot of political power in America. I think about the 100,000 home-based businesses I have in my State. I think about the disabled folks who are starting little businesses in their homes. For them, the Internet is the great equalizer. It allows people who think of themselves as the little guy to basically be able to compete in the global economy with the big guys.  Unless we come up with some ways to make uniform some of these definitions and terms, which is what we have been trying to do in the last hour--and we have made some real headway and reached a success--those little guys are going to find it hard to compete.  So I look forward to continuing the discussions with our colleagues as we look to other questions with respect to the Internet. This, it seems to me, is just the beginning of the discussion rather than the end.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues now to support this modified amendment, to support the bill, and I yield the floor.  Mr. McCAIN addressed the Chair.  