President, the McCain-Wyden amendment is, of course, a compromise. The bill that came out of the Senate Commerce Committee was a 6-year bill. The bill that came out of the Finance Committee was a 2-year bill. So there was an effort to bring the parties together around 4 years. But that is not what is really important. What is really important is the timetable that is going to be essential to do this job right.  Mr. President, 18 months after the date of enactment, the commission is going to make its recommendations--May of 2000. The moratorium under thefinance bill ends in October of 2000. That means that there is less than 6 months to act on the recommendation before the timeout would end. Some States, a number, have legislatures that are not meeting in the year 2000. I am sure my friend and colleague, Senator Graham, would be interested in knowing that Arkansas, Maine, Minnesota, Montana, Nevada, North Carolina, Oregon, Texas, North Dakota, and Vermont all have legislatures that do not meet every year. So we are going to have a situation, it seems to me, where there will be essentially no time in order for a legislature to thoughtfully look at these issues.  The Senator from Florida says that Chairman McCain and I are ramming this bill through the U.S. Senate. We have worked on it, now, for 18 months. We have made more than 30 separate changes in an effort to try to address the concerns of the Senator from Florida. There has been discussion about how this would create a tax haven on the Internet. Let us be very clear about what happens during the moratorium. If a person walks into a store and purchases a sweater in a jurisdiction where there is a 5 percent sales tax, if they order that sweater over the Internet, they pay exactly the same tax, exactly the same fee--technological neutrality.  The Senator from Florida says that the apocalypse is at hand because there is going to be a huge reduction in revenue at the State level. When we began this bill with legislation that was much more encompassing than the one we are considering now, the Congressional Budget Office could not even initially score it. It then came back with a projection of less than $30 million.  Nothing is being preempted here. The States and localities are allowed to treat the Internet just as they would treat anything else.  At the end of the day, the kinds of people who will benefit from this are the senior citizens in Florida, for example, the home-based businesses in Oregon, people who are trying to use the Internet as a way to advance the chance to build a small business and particularly see the Internet as a great equalizer.  They are not going to be in a position, those home-based businesses, to compete with the corporate giants. But if we create across this country a crazy quilt of State and local taxes where each jurisdiction goes off and does its own thing, it is going to be very difficult for those entrepreneurs, senior citizens, handicapped and disabled people to go out and hire the accountants and lawyers that would be necessary to carry out the vision of the Senator from Florida of the Internet. What we need to do is come up with some sensible policies, and it is going to take some time.  If somebody from Florida, for example, orders Harry and David's fruit in Medford, OR, using America Online in Virginia, pays for it with a bank card in California, and ships it to their cousin in New York, we are talking about a completely different kind of commerce than we have seen in the past. Let us take the time to do it right. Without the amendment that the Senator from Arizona and I are offering--  