President, I urge the Senate suspend the rules and pass this important amendment.  First, let's be clear what happens if this amendment is passed. The most important thing is that the grandfather on Internet tax provision that was so central to the States is preserved and preserved completely.  Second, there is a separate section to ensure that all other existing taxes are preserved, and that there is another provision that would ensure that all ongoing liabilities--the matter the Senator from Florida says is important to the State of Connecticut--is also preserved.  After we filed this amendment last night, we again reached out to all sides to try to address concerns. I have done this now for a year and a half. The original bill that came out of the Commerce Committee, by the time it came to the floor, had more than 30 major changes. In our efforts here now to be reasonable, we have made at least another 20 changes to try to accommodate the Senator from Florida and others. In fact, the definition of a discriminatory tax--which is what this is all about--is essentially that which was used in the House, and it was agreeable to the Governors and the States when it was debated there in the House. The reason that the Senator from Arizona and I have focused on this issue is that this definition of discrimination is essential to ensure technological neutrality.  What this definition does is straightforward. It ensures that the new technology and the Internet is not discriminated against. It makes sure that a web site is treated like a catalog; catalogs aren't taxed. We don't want web sites to be singled out for selective and discriminatory treatment. The provision also makes sure that Internet service providers are, in effect, treated like the mail. The mail isn't taxed when a product is shipped to your home from a catalog merchant. Similarly, the Internet service provider should not be taxed merely for being the carriers or transmitters of information. In effect, Senator Coats recognized this in his amendment that was adopted yesterday.  So what we have done is, yesterday, we have worked with the Senator from North Dakota, Senator Enzi, and others, to address this discriminatory tax question in a way that we thought would be agreeable to the States. Overnight, we tightened up the language to deal with the grandfathering question. The minority leader, Senator Daschle, made some important and, I thought, useful suggestions. We incorporated those this morning to make sure that when we talk about the grandfathering provision, as it relates to South Dakota and North Dakota, the grandfather provision would tightly protect those two States. We have done that.  This Senator finds now that if we do not prevail on this point and the bill goes down, all of these efforts now for a year and a half are going to leave us in a situation where I think we will see, with respect to the Internet and the digital economy, the same problems develop that cropped up with respect to mail order and catalogs. We have had a number of people at the State and local level saying, you know, with respect to the mail-order and catalog issue, we wish we had done what you are bringing about with respect to the Internet.  We know that we have to have sensible policies so we can protect some ofthe existing sources of revenue for the States. Some call it the ``old economy''; I don't. I think they are extremely important to the States. We have to respect those, while at the same time writing the ground rules for the digital economy--the economy where the Internet is going to be the infrastructure and when every few months takes us to exciting new fields and increases dramatically in revenue.  So I hope our colleagues will not cause all of the other important work that has been done here to go down. That is Senator Dodd's legislation and the important work done by Senator Bryan. There is a host of good measures that we agreed to accept as part of this legislation in an effort to be bipartisan and to accommodate our colleagues.  But, once again, the goalposts are moving. The definition of discriminatory tax that came up in the House is essentially what we are using. The Governors and the States found that acceptable. And then, after taking that kind of approach, even last night, we moved again, at the request of colleagues--and we thought they were reasonable requests--to tighten up the grandfathering provision. Now is the time to make sure that we do not gut this bill, the definition of a moratorium, and particularly don't gut a concept that we think is acceptable to our colleagues, and that is the concept of technological neutrality.  When you vote for the McCain-Wyden amendment to suspend the rules and pass this, you will be voting for a solid grandfather provision that ensures that all existing taxes are preserved. You will be voting to protect ongoing liabilities, which is what the Senator from Florida said he is concerned about, along with the Senator from Connecticut, and others. You will be voting to make sure, in a separate section, that all other existing taxes other than Internet taxes are preserved, and you will be voting for the principle of technological neutrality.  I think it would be a great mistake to gut this legislation now after all this progress has been made. I represent a State with 100,000 small businesses. These businesses are a big part of the economic future that we all want for our constituents. They cannot afford a crazy quilt of taxes that would be applied by a good chunk of the Nation's 30,000 taxing jurisdictions, based on what we have seen during this debate.  Let's do this job right. Let's do it in a thoughtful and uniform way. I urge our colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment Senator McCain and I have offered. I yield the floor.  