President, I am very hopeful that the Senate will not have to get into this cloture matter with respect to the Internet tax bill. The Senator from Florida is one of the Senators that I most respect in this body. I find myself agreeing with him on just about everything that comes before the Senate. As he knows, we have, over many, many months, tried to address the host of legitimate concerns that the States have. We have a number of Governors--the Senator from Florida having served as Governor, as have others here--who know a tremendous amount about this. I have tried to make clear, as the principal sponsor of this legislation, all we are seeking is technological neutrality with respect to the Internet. The Internet would be treated like everything else--nothing favorable, nothing discriminatory.  Because many of the Nation's Governors are concerned about other issues, particularly the question of out-of-State sales, this legislation, S. 442, has become a magnet for a variety of other issues.  The sponsors, Senator McCain and I, especially have, in my view, done somersaults now to make sure there was a fair evaluation of all the important issues with respect to out-of-State sales. Let me say, in doing that, there have been a number of other Senators--Senator Gregg and Senator Lieberman--who I think have been very fair in an effort to try to get to a compromise on this matter. As the Senator from Florida knows, just a few minutes ago Senator McCain and I were willing to make additional changes in the managers' amendment to ensure that there would be a fair study of both the Internet and commercial activities, which is the precise language that the Governors have sought.  I don't think there is anything else that Senator McCain, I, or others can offer at this point to ensure that a fair and objective set of studies and analyses go on by the commission.  I hope that if there continues to be opposition to this legislation, that those who oppose the legislation simply say that they are opposed and not, in effect, produce a situation which I think is going to turn what ought to be a bipartisan and thoughtful fight into what will be a very bloody battle.  I see my friend from North Dakota here. The Senator from North Dakota has had strong views on this, and over many, many months we have been negotiating on it. He did not come to the floor today to object as a result of that work, nor did Senator Bumpers.  I am hopeful that particularly Senators on the Democratic side are not going to force what I think will be a very unfortunate and bloody fight with respect to a bill that has undergone more than 30 separate and important changes since it was originally introduced to accommodate the concerns of the States and localities. Those folks were very, very opposed when this discussion started. They raised legitimate issues. We have sought to deal with them. I am hopeful we will be able to go to a motion to proceed early next week and not have a bitter fight as I think we have over cloture.  Let me conclude by way of saying that I and my staff are prepared to continue to work around the clock with the Senator from Florida and others who may have questions about how this legislation will affect the States, but let us go forward in an effort to try to resolve this and not just get to a solution with respect to one section and then say, ``Well, I have another one that we have to deal with,'' which, regrettably, has been the case. I have enormous respect for the Senator from Florida and I think one of the more unpleasant tasks is to have an argument with him. I hope this can be resolved.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  