President, for our nation's economy, transportation is literally where the rubber hits the road. There are few things more important to my home State of Oregon or to the country's economy than how well we build and maintain our transportation system. Transportation is one of the basic ingredients in any economic growth recipe. It is one of the key things that businesses will look at as they consider where to locate.  Both houses of Congress recognized this in passing bills to rev up transportation spending over current levels. Providing more money transportation money clearly helps keep us on the road to competitiveness and economic prosperity.  But the transportation debate involves more than just economics, as important as that is, it's also about our quality of life. I've always believed that you can't have major league quality of life with minor league transportation systems. In the modern world, a transportation bill is about so much more than just how you get from point A to point B.  Congress recognized this when we passed the original ISTEA legislation. For the first time, there was Federal recognition that decisions about where and how to build transportation projects can have tremendous impacts on our communities, our environment and our citizens' quality of life. Through ISTEA, we began to consider the true costs of our transportation spending as part of the process of planning transportation projects. And, for the first time, Federal funds were made available to mitigate the impacts of these projects throught the CMAQ and the Transportation Enhancements Programs.  ISTEA recognizes that properly planned and constructed transportation systems are both economically efficient and environmentally sound.  Badly designed or badly built systems waste taxpayer money and contribute to traffic congestion that snarls our highways. This causes both additional stresses for commuters and additional exhaust emissions that degrade the quality of our air.  Both the Senate and the House bills continue many of these landmark initiatives of the original ISTEA legislation. These were clearly good first steps, but if we're going to improve both our transportation system and our quality of life, we need to do more than spin our wheels.  Today, the Congress has recognized that the Federal government's role in funding transportation project also has ripple effects on patterns of development in our local communities. When it comes to transportation, if you build it, they will come and build around it.  Uncontrolled development not only hurts our citizens where they live and breathe, it also hits them in their wallets. Several studies have come out that show the costs of sprawling growth are significantly higher than more compact, managed growth patterns. These studies show that taxpayers can save billions of dollars in public facility capital construction and operation and maintenance costs by opting for growth management.  Because of the major impacts Federally funded transportation projects can have, there is an appropriate role for the Federal government in ensuring these projects and the development they spawn are both economically and environmentally sound.  That role should not be to embroil the Federal government in land use decisions that have historically been State and local issues. We don't want Federal zoning.  Instead, the proper role for the Federal government is create incentives to encourage and build on the State and local efforts to address transportation and growth that are already underway. I am very pleased to report that the ISTEA conference report includes a program I proposed to help local communities grow in environmentally sustainable ways by creating incentives for local growth management.  I greatly appreciate Chairman Chafee, Chairman Warner and Senator Baucus working with me to include this program in the bill. Chairman Chafee and the other managers of the legislation also deserve enormous credit for how they have built on and reinforced the goals of the original ISTEA law. Thanks to their efforts the bill now before the Senate will enable our national environmental policies to merge more smoothly with our transportation policies.  The new Transportation and Community and System Preservation Program provides $25 million per year investigate and address the relationships between transportation projects, communities and the environment. The Program consists of three parts:  (1) a comprehensive research program;  (2) a planning assistance program to provide funding to States and local governments that want to begin integrating their transportation planning with community preservation, environmental protection and land use policies; and  (3) an implementation assistance program to provide funding to States and local governments that have developed state-of-the-art approaches to integrate their transportation plans and programs with their community preservation, environmental and land use planning programs.  The research program will create a database on the experiences of communities in uniting transportation, community preservation, environmental and land use goals and decision makingprocesses. This research will also identify benchmarks for measuring the performance of communities' experiences. This information will be a valuable resource to help communities throughout the nation meet their future transportation needs with lower environmental impacts, improved transportation efficiency, lower infrastructure construction and maintenance costs, and in a way that is more responsive to the views of their citizens.  The planning assistance provided by this program will mean additional financial resources to States and communities that wish to explore ways to integrate their transportation programs with community preservation, environmental and land use planning programs. Participants in this planning assistance program would be able to develop their own local approaches to meet their needs. And, as their programs develop, they could become eligible in the future for funding to help implement their locally developed solutions.  Finally, for States and communities which already have established community preservation or land use programs, the program provides additional financial resources to enable them to carry out transportation projects that also meet community preservation, environmental and land use goals. In providing this assistance, the Secretary of Transportation is directed to give priority consideration to applicants that have instituted policies such as directing funds to high growth areas, urban growth boundaries to guide metropolitan expansion, and ``green corridors'' programs.  My home State of Oregon leads the nation in developing innovative approaches to manage our growth and to tie transportation policies in to growth management. Our statewide land conservation and development program requires each municipality to establish an urban growth boundary to define both the areas where growth and development should occur and those areas that should be protected from development. This system keeps agricultural and forest lands in productive use and preserves ``green corridors'' for hiking, biking and other recreational uses that are located in or close to urban areas. Our transportation planning and construction efforts reinforce these policies by not only avoiding developing in environmentally sensitive areas but also by helping make the areas where we want development to occur more accessible.  Oregon recognizes that it's not enough to tell people where they can't build. For our system to work, we have to make it easier to develop the areas where we want growth to occur. And we don't just give lip service to this principle. We actually put our money where our mouth is to make sure the development we want occurs.  The State of Oregon and METRO, the Portland area's regional government, are currently using $3 million of our Surface Transportation Program (STP) funds to develop housing and commercial properties around light rail stations. Our folks have even figured out how to use $3.7 million CMAQ air quality funds to help pay for sidewalks, light rail tracks and landscaping in these developments.  These policies make the State of Oregon, METRO, the City of Portland, and other localities in our State ideal candidates to apply for implementation grants under the Transportation and Community and System Preservation Program.  