President, today, I am introducing legislation that would improve and modernize the current system for accessing information about hazardous chemicals in the workplace. This legislation will make it easier for workers to protect themselves against chemical exposure risks in their workplaces by giving them online access to essential safety information. It will also make this information more quickly accessible in the event of an emergency.  Under current regulations, employers are required to have available in the workplace Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS) describing every chemical ever used at the site. The MSDS contains information about the chemical and what to do in the event a worker is exposed by ingesting it, having it splash on the skin or in the eyes.  Employers typically keep MSDS sheets in hug binders making them difficult to access quickly during actual exposure incidents. As a result, emergency personnel may have to flip through page after page of information to find out how to respond to the specific chemical exposure. This complies with the law, but it's not the best way to get critical information in an emergency.  The better approach is to have the information accessible online. This can greatly reduce the time it takes to get essential information on the proper first aid procedures in the event of exposure. In some cases, this faster response can literally mean the difference between life and death.  The bill I am introducing today allows--but does not require--electronic access to MSDS information, so there is no mandate that employers have to switch to an electronic system. This legislation simply updates the current workplace safety system to recognize the widespread use of computers in the workplace. It merely provides an additional option that can yield better protection for workers with less hassle for employers.  My legislation requires chemical hazard information to be written in plain English, so that workers and emergency personnel can better understand the risks and what to do in an emergency. The MSDS sheets now in use are typically written by lawyers to protect the chemical manufacturers from liability. Because they are often written in legalese, it is difficult for workers to understand MSDS, especially in emergencies.  For example, instead of simply stating, ``Keep this material away from your eyes,'' the instructions on one MSDS say ``Avoid ocular contact.'' Workplace safety information should be understandable to all employees without having to look up every other word in the dictionary.  My legislation addresses this problem by requiring information on new hazardous chemicals brought into the workplace to be written in easily understandable English.  This legislation has the support of Oregon OSHA officials, industry and union safety officials. A companion bill introduced in the House this week has bipartisan support. I urge my colleagues to support this common sense workplace safety initiative.  