President.  Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak in support of a superb State judge, a pillar in her community, a devoted mother of five wonderful sons and a personal friend, an individual who I believe will make an outstanding Federal district judge, Judge Ann L. Aiken.  Let me begin by expressing my thanks and gratitude to the Senate Judiciary Committee and particularly to Chairman Hatch and the ranking Democrat, Senator Leahy. Both Chairman Hatch and Senator Leahy carry an enormous workload, and I want to express my appreciation to both of them for all the time and good counsel that they have given Senator Smith and myself with respect to Oregon's needs on the Federal bench.  I especially want to thank at this time my colleague from Oregon, Senator Smith, for his truly extraordinary efforts on behalf of Judge Aiken. I think this Senate can see from Senator Smith's eloquence and his commitment to Judge Aiken how strongly he feels about this appointment. He has made extensive efforts with our colleagues to ensure that Judge Aiken would be before the U.S. Senate.  I want to express my appreciation to Senator Smith for all of those efforts on Judge Aiken's behalf and to join Chairman Hatch in saying that I do not believe we could be here today without the extraordinary work of Senator Smith. I want him to know how much I appreciate those efforts. He knows Judge Aiken extremely well. Those joint efforts date back for years, as Senator Smith has stated, and it has been a pleasure to work with him on this, dating back to the days when he was president of the Oregon State Senate.  Also at this time, I want to thank Congressman Peter DeFazio, a personal friend of Judge Aiken's who has worked with her on many important community activities. Congressman DeFazio has been a vociferous advocate of Judge Aiken's candidacy, and he has done a good job of keeping the debate focused on getting Judge Aiken to this point. And I want to express my appreciation to him.  Mr. President, Judge Aiken's journey to be considered on the floor of the Senate has been a long one, and not just in terms of the 3,000 miles she traveled from Oregon for those confirmation hearings.  Her journey formally began in 1994, when I put together a bipartisan group of Oregonians to review her qualifications.  In January of 1995, I recommended to President Clinton, with the strong bipartisan support of the Oregon congressional delegation, that Ann Aiken be named to the Federal bench.  As Senator Smith has noted, Judge Aiken's support for this nomination spans the political spectrum. Liberals are for Judge Aiken, conservatives are for Judge Aiken, moderates are for Judge Aiken, Democrats, Republicans; across all political boundaries, Oregonians have lined up behind this outstanding judge.  It is my view that these many endorsements are pouring in because of the hard work and thoroughness that has marked Ann Aiken's career to date. And I would especially like to reference her work on crime.  Mr. President, and colleagues, this is an especially important issue to me. Before I came to the U.S. Congress, first as a Member of the House, I was co-director of the Oregon Gray Panthers, a senior citizens group. And I found that many of these older folks were afraid to have meetings after 4 or 5 at night because of their fear of crime. And so I vowed, as a Member of Congress, that I would put a specific focus on law-enforcement issues in my service in the Congress.  As a Member of the House, I joined Senator Specter in authoring the career criminal law, a law which prescribes tough punishments and no parole sentences for career criminals.  Last Congress, I joined Senator Hatch in his efforts, his yeoman's work, to deal with the scourge of methamphetamines. And I have repeatedly--repeatedly--voted to impose the death penalty on heinous crimes in our society.  So I take a back seat to no individual with respect to support for tough law enforcement. And I want to tell my colleagues in the U.S. Senate that Judge Aiken did not win all that support from law-enforcement groups in Oregon by accident. She won the support of the Association of District Attorneys and the Police Officers' Association because of her toughness on crime.  As my colleague, Senator Smith, has noted this morning, repeatedly she has sought to impose the toughest possible sentences. And because Judge Aiken has a true mastery of the Oregon sentencing guidelines, she frequently is able to impose sentences that are significantly longer than any other judge on the bench.  She has worked for a new approach to juvenile justice that ensures that young people who commit crimes have to face consequences. It would change the juvenile justice system as we know it. Youngsters would understand that the justice system is based on personal responsibility and individual accountability when they perpetrate those offenses. And the changes that have been made came about because Judge Aiken worked on a bipartisan basis with leaders of our State like Senator Smith to get that done.  So she did not win all that support from law enforcement by accident. And she would not have the bipartisan support of her two U.S. Senators today were it not for the fact that she took a tough and fair approach with respect to law enforcement.  Judge Aiken is also a person who knows how to squeeze an hour out of a minute. Not only does she maintain a rigorous judicial schedule, but the list of task forces that she has chaired and the boards on which she has served number in the dozens. She has been on the board of directors of Court-Appointed Special Advocates (CASA), a program in which we take special pride in our State because it allows us to advocate for young people in our society and focus on trying to help them get their lives on track.  On top of all this, somehow she finds time to be a caring and involved mother for her five boys. How she manages to juggle all these activities is beyond my comprehension, but the fact that she can serve as a judge, a community leader, and a devoted mom all simultaneously is yet more evidence of her fitness and her ability to serve as an outstanding Federal district judge.  Ann Aiken is also an expert on family law. She has been a leader in the founding of a model program for youngsters known as the Relief Nursery. In that effort, she has brought together leaders from across her community to help families that were about to crack apart. Recently in fact, the successes of the Relief Nursery in keeping families together were profiled by Peter Jennings on World News Tonight.  I am certain that Judge Aiken will bring to the Federal bench the same fairness, toughness and integrity that she has brought to her work as a State judge and a specialist in family law. And I am certain that Judge Aiken will bring to the Federal court the intellect, intensity and drive that has made her one of our State's most respected jurists.  Let me wrap up by saying, as Senator Smith has touched on as well, this nomination is particularly important since Oregon already has two vacancies on the district bench and will be facing a third in April of this year. Failure to fill these openings in a timely manner is going to put an enormous strain on the Federal courts in Oregon. It is time to act and time to act swiftly.  My colleagues, you have before you a tough judge and a fair one, one committed to seeing that justice is carried out in an impartial way no matter what the accusation is. She is going to make an exceptional Federal judge. She will bring honor to her community and her country. Therefore I urge you, as Senator Smith has, that the Senate move today on the candidacy of Judge Ann Aiken. She is a judge of extraordinary ability. She has earned this post.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Santorum). The Senator from Wyoming.  