President, the American political system is profoundly broken. I experienced this in my recent campaign for this office, which was why I made it my first official act, fifteen minutes after being sworn in to the Senate, to cosponsor the McCain-Feingold bill.  We have all seen the phenomenon, in our own campaigns and in others, where they hold the election on Tuesday, you sleep in on Wednesday, and by Thursday afternoon it has started all over again. There is no interval in which to focus exclusively on the public's business.  I don't think that anyone in this body likes that situation. I have never heard a group of Senators talking among themselves about how wonderful the seemingly permanent campaign is. Well today we have a chance to do something about it. The McCain-Feingold bill won't fix everything, but it will be the most significant step in the right direction in a long, long time.  This bill also takes on one of the greatest threats that has developed in recent years to the quality of our nation's public dialogue, the recent rash of so-called ``independent expenditure campaigns.''  Political campaigns ought to be an opportunity for people who want to serve in public office to not only explain themselves, but to listen and learn. I have tried when running for office to spend as much time as possible listening to what the people I meet at shopping centers and bus stops and ice cream socials have to say. I want to hear what they think and I want to talk to them in a serious way about the fights that I want to wage on their behalf, the issues that I feel passionately about, and the direction I think our country ought to be headed.  But in the past few years, new tactics have been developed by a variety of groups on both the left and the right who seek to insert themselves in between candidates and the public they seek to serve. In these races, the candidates at times become mere pawns in some larger battle for influence.  In the race that my colleague from Oregon and I ran against each other, there were ads that were run that were probably meant to help me, and ads that were run that were meant to hurt me. I think that Senator Smith and I would both agree that we both would have preferred if all of these ads had never been aired. The McCain-Feingold bill is the best solution available at this time to clean up the excess of these independent expenditures.  Democracy is a precious and fragile gift that has been left to us by previous generations, Mr. President. I don't expect that the republic will collapse tomorrow if we fail to pass this bill, but make no mistake about it, the steady erosion of the public's confidence in their leaders is a dangerous trend. We can make a real beginning today. The American people want this system fixed, and they have a right to expect that it will be. Let's not disappoint them again.  