I know he is sincere in his views.  I will talk about what Judge Aiken faced with respect to that Dye case. Judge Aiken had two choices in front of her. Neither were ideal. She chose the one that in hindsight would be different than the one that Senator Smith and I would have chosen. Both of us have been concerned about the case. To her credit--in my view, to her great credit--Judge Aiken has indicated to Senator Smith and me that she would have handled that case differently. Her commitment to tough law enforcement has been proven because since that case she has been a tough judge. She has often exceeded the sentencing guidelines, and she has shown that she is going to be capable of great growth as a judge.  I say to our friend from Wyoming, who among us as new Members of the U.S. Senate would not possibly take back a vote early in our career? We are constantly faced with tough decisions in the U.S. Senate, decisions where you have before you a couple of choices, neither of them being ideal. Judge Ann Aiken, in the Dye case, tried to make the call to the best of her ability. In my view, even more importantly, she showed great growth, she showed a willingness to evaluate the facts in light of additional time and additional opportunities to consider her decision.  So we are then faced with the question: Do you throw out the prospect of an outstanding career on the Federal bench because of one case, one case where an individual has said, ``If I could do it again, I would have done it differently''? We wouldn't say a Member of this body should be excluded from the possibility of further service in the Senate because they would have cast one vote differently had they had the choice. We evaluate Members of the U.S. Senate on the totality of their records. On the totality of her record, Judge Aiken is an outstanding individual, an individual who will be tough on crime when she serves on the Federal bench.  Mr. President, I see Chairman Hatch is on the floor. I know he had to leave the floor during our earlier remarks. I express to him my personal gratitude for all of the help and effort he has given Senator Smith and me on this matter again and again. Chairman Hatch has about as hefty a workload as you can imagine for a human being, but he has made time to assist Senator Smith and me. We are very appreciative of all the good counsel and help you have given us as new Members of the U.S. Senate.  In closing, I especially want to express my appreciation to him for that help and counsel.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  