President, thank you very much.  Mr. President, let me take just a few minutes to talk about where we are with respect to the Internet tax bill and also to express my thanks to--who may have left the floor--but to express my thanks to Senator Bumpers.  Senator Bumpers could have filibustered this legislation. He could have insisted on his rights as a Senator to speak at length on this past amendment that he feels very strongly about, as do a number of Senators, and I want to thank him for not doing that. He has been exceptionally kind to me. He knows that I feel strongly about this legislation. And he has been very constructive in working with the bipartisan group pursuing the legislation.  Let me also just state, as I did, it is our intent--it is clearly spelled out in the legislation--that if a firm or a home-based business--I have thousands of them in Oregon; I know our colleagues do as well--if they are liable for a tax today, they are going to be liable under this legislation if that sale is conducted on the Internet. It is just that simple.  So what it comes down to, is if you have a question from a mayor or a Governor who asks you about this subject at home--any Senator who is asked about this issue should simply say that this legislation does no harm to the States or to the localities, and it simply treats Internet commerce like any other kind of commerce. That was something that I, as the bill's sponsor, felt very strongly about.  With respect to the legislation, I know other Senators wish to speak as well, and Senator Dorgan wants to address the Internet issue this afternoon as well. I am very hopeful we will be able to resolve the one remaining issue, and that is the question of the commission and what they are going to be looking at.  The Senator from North Dakota, Senator Dorgan, has been very helpful on this matter in an effort to try to get an agreement--Senator Graham has as well. I am very hopeful that we will be able to, now that we have addressed the major amendment, the Bumpers amendment, I hope that we will be able to get an agreement on exactly the duties of the commission and be able to go forward with the managers' amendment.  Senator McCain and myself and others have been anxious to try to address concerns that Senators have had with respect to the length of the moratorium, other issues surrounding the managers' amendment. I think we can do that.  So, again, let me say that I very much appreciate, especially on a Friday with Senators having a busy schedule, the opportunity to discuss this issue. We made considerable progress. I especially thank Senator Bumpers who could have spoken at length, filibustered this legislation, and he has been especially kind to me. I express my appreciation to him.  I see the Senator from North Dakota who has worked many, many hours in an effort to try to get this issue to the floor, along with me and others, and I express my appreciation to him and say that I especially appreciate his effort to bring the parties together with respect to the commission and the issues that they will be pursuing there in an effort to make sure that as we look to the digital economy in the 21st century that we have a chance to examine those questions.  Does the Senator from North Dakota wish to pursue a question at this time?  