President.  Mr. President, I offered the amendment in the Senate Commerce Committee to toughen the look-back penalties for one reason. I believe that stronger look-back penalties provide a powerful tool to actually change the course of history and hold the tobacco companies accountable when they pursue youthful customers.  A brief review of the history indicates that the tobacco companies won't change on their own. For example, if you look at every previous effort, every single previous effort on the part of the Congress to hold the tobacco companies accountable, the tobacco companies, in fact, have found a way to get around those efforts. That is what happened when the Congress sought to go forward with restrictions on advertising. That is what happened when the Congress legislated warning labels. And that is what happened when the Synar amendment was enacted.  Many will remember our colleague who served in the other body. Mike Synar wrote very tough legislation that would, in effect, require that the States carry out the laws to protect our kids when they were targeted. The tobacco companies found a way around that.  So the tobacco companies have found a way around every single previous legislative effort on the part of the Congress to hold them accountable. Those who would like to know more about this history can learn about it simply from the documents that have come out since the 1994 hearings in the Health Subcommittee on the other side of the Capitol.  Now, the tobacco companies would like us to believe that they will change the course of history and their behavior on their own. Many of the Senators will remember after the original attorneys general settlement the tobacco companies took out very large advertisements in both the Nation's newspapers and in the electronic media. The basic message of those ads that were taken out by the tobacco industry when they were encouraging support for the original settlement, was their message that it was a new day. Tobacco companies said it is a new day. There will be improved corporate citizenship on the part of the tobacco industry, and that the sordid history that came out after 1994 in those various documents was a part of the past.  I think the inclination of every Member of the U.S. Senate is to say industry can change. Our colleague, Senator Durbin, made mention of the fact that many of the executives who testified in 1994 aren't alive today. So a number of us were very hopeful that it would be a new day in terms of tobacco industry behavior. But when the Senate Commerce Committee held hearings earlier this year under the leadership of Chairman McCain, we received powerful evidence that things really had not changed.  I will cite one example in which I was personally involved. In 1994, when I was a member of the Health Subcommittee on the other side of the Capitol, Henry Waxman brought the Nation's tobacco executives before the Health Subcommittee. It came to light that the Brown & Williamson company at that time was genetically altering nicotine, genetically altering nicotine to give it a special punch and to hook their customers. This was, of course, a flagrant example of subverting the public interest. It was documented by the Food and Drug Administration. At that time, the Brown & Williamson company assured the country that they would not engage in that conduct again.  During the course of our preparation for the hearings in the Senate Commerce Committee 4 years later, I and other members of the committee learned from news reports and others that there was evidence that, in fact, Brown & Williamson was again genetically altering nicotine and again engaging in this detrimental conduct that they pledged to the country they would never engage in again in 1994.  So when the CEO of the Brown & Williamson company came to the Senate Commerce Committee with the other executives, I asked specifically about what kinds of practices the company was engaged in with respect to genetically altered nicotine. The CEO of that company said, in fact, that they were again selling this product, and in their words, in response to a question I asked that day, they admitted that they were working off ``a small stockpile of genetically altered nicotine,'' engaging in conduct that they pledged the country in 1994 that they would never engage in again.  The reason I bring this example up is that if a tobacco company will engage in that kind of brazen conduct, in that kind of conduct when they are under the hot spotlight of the U.S. Congress, as they have been for many months, what are they going to do when the attention of the Congress and the country turns elsewhere? This isn't about conduct of 20, 30, 40 years ago. We know that took place in the past. A number of us were very interested in knowing whether the companies really did want to change of their own accord. Many of those who have opposed tough look-back penalties have used this argument in the past. Companies are changing. These kind of tools of big government are certainly unnecessary, at best.  The Brown & Williamson example where they are working off a small stockpile of genetically altered nicotine at this time is certainly strong evidence that these companies have not really changed and it is not the new day that the Congress and the country were told about after the original settlement from the attorneys general.  Given that past history, over 20, 30, 40 years, and the most current history, the Brown & Williamson example which, by the way, the Justice Department is now conducting a criminal inquiry into, there have already been pleas in this regard--given that past history and the history present, many of us are not willing to say that it is actually a new day in the tobacco industry.  Mr. President, I want the Senate to know why I am particularly skeptical. I was a member of the Health Subcommittee of the other body in 1994, Chairman Waxman, the late Mike Synar, and others, did an extraordinarily good job of questioning the executives. But when it came to my turn during those hearings, I recognized that it had not yet been put on the public record whether these executives believed that nicotine was addictive.  So, in 1994, at those hearings, I went down the row with each of the executives, one by one by one, each of them, and asked them whether nicotine was addictive. And each of them under oath at that time said that nicotine was not addictive.  I like to think that moment contributed in some way to the important legislation we have before us, contributed to our positions for enacting strong legislation. But it seems to me that set of hearings and the documents that have come to light will only make a real difference over time if we now follow up on those early efforts and pass the strongest possible look-back legislation. That is why I offered a very tough set of additional penalties when companies don't meet their specific targets for reducing youth smoking under the Commerce Committee bill. That is why I am pleased to be able to join Senators Durbin, DeWine, Chafee, and others this afternoon.  The bottom line, with respect to our amendment--many of the details have been addressed--but the bottom line is if you do not have aggressive look-back penalties, look-back penalties that really zero in on aggressively the companies in a specific way, you effectively penalize the companies that try to change their behavior twice. You penalize them once through the industry assessment and second through the loss of market while other companies continue to market to children and a future market share.  This amendment represents a fairer approach. It does not allow the Congress, in effect, through loopholes in this look-back set of provisions, to place a company that does try to clean up its act, does try to change history, we make sure under our amendment that company wouldn't be placed at a competitive disadvantage when they said, now we are going to change and not seek out children.  Let me also say that because the number of teen smokers has actually grown since the original settlement was announced last summer, the changes that we offer today will essentially hold the industry to a reduction level to which they have already agreed. So, in fact, this amendment is stronger than what came out of the Senate Commerce Committee on the 19-to-1 basis. But given what we have seen with, again, the number of teen smokers actually increasing, this, in effect, simply ensures that the industry is held to a reduction level to which they have already agreed.  Mr. President, and colleagues, Senators Durbin and DeWine went into a number of the details with respect to how the look-back legislation works. I don't think all of that needs to be belabored at this time. But I would like to say that to me what this amendment is all about is reversing the course of history. History shows that in the past when we would write these laws, the tobacco companies would bring their entrepreneurial and advertising talents to the task then of getting around them. And the tobacco companies have more of that kind of advertising and entrepreneurial talent than anybody else around. They would always find a way to evade the law.  Learning from past history with respect to the warning labels, with respect to electronic ads, with respect to the way in which the industry got around the Synar amendment, we are making it clear that we are going to have the tools to rein in the scoff-law companies, those that do not clean up their acts as they have pledged to do. We do so in a realistic way. We do so in a fashion that makes sure that companies that really have changed won't be put at a competitive disadvantage.  I would say, finally, Mr. President, and colleagues, to those of you who have talked to me personally about those 1994 hearings, and what happened during the course of those 7 hours where the executives said that cigarettes were like Hostess Twinkies, cigarettes weren't addictive, and they never preyed on children, if you really want to reverse the course of history, if you really want to hold the companies accountable, if you really want to rein in the conduct that we saw demonstrated again in the Senate Commerce Committee when Brown & Williamson admitted that they are now using genetically altered nicotine, if you want to change that behavior, vote for this bipartisan amendment, because this is something that is going to change the course of history and make sure that these companies don't prey on our youngsters in the years ahead.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  