President, before I begin, I want to express my appreciation to the Senator from Delaware, who spent about 2\1/2\ hours with a group of us this morning, working to make sure that this legislation got to the floor today. I also want to thank our colleague from Kentucky, Senator McConnell, who was equally helpful in our effort to make sure that this bipartisan legislative effort didn't blow up at the last minute. I want to assure my colleagues that it was very close to going by the boards this morning.  Mr. President, the wheat farmers of the Pacific Northwest are 6 days away from a disaster. On July 15, Pakistan is going to initiate a process to purchase 350,000 metric tons of white wheat for August 1 to 20 shipment. Without access to the Government credit guarantees that we are talking about here, U.S. producers are not going to sell a kernel of wheat to Pakistan. The USDA estimates that Pakistan is going to import just under a million metric tons this year. Now, our prices are at a low. This year's crop is going to be one of the best ever. But the fact is, farmers across this country are staring an economic train wreck in the eye. We have a storage and transportation bottleneck with the imminent wheat harvest. We have a fair amount of the old crop still in the bins. We are facing the prospect of storing a great deal of wheat on the ground this year. Making a sale to Pakistan in the key August shipping period would be an enormous help in dealing with these logistical challenges. A sale might mean the difference between two or three turns of a river barge fleet versus only one turn in August.  Let me touch briefly on what it means to just one county, Umatilla, which I am very pleased that my colleague, Senator Smith, who has worked so effectively with all of us on a bipartisan basis, calls home, and wheat growers there produce nearly one-third of all the wheat produced in our State. The economy of that county depends on both the direct sales of wheat and on all of the related jobs through suppliers, equipment, fertilizers, warehousing, shipping, and all of the economic base of our regional economy.  The fact is, Mr. President, and colleagues, unilateral sanctions simply do not work. They end up inflicting harm on U.S. producers and shippers. They don't target those specific leaders who are engaged in the most reprehensible activity. They hand market share to our competitors and then put the typical citizen in these countries in a position where they will not be able to secure the humanitarian help they need to survive. Each of these outcomes is not, obviously, a growth of U.S. foreign policy.  I am of the view that we do a lot of things well in our country. But I think what we do best is we grow things, and, at a critical time when we are seeing the United States in a position to play this leadership role in the global economy, it would be a tragedy to make the mistake of not passing this legislation, which, as far as I can tell, has kept about 15 Members of the U.S. Senate on the floor simply to speak for how important this legislation is.  We are, in the Pacific Northwest, 6 days away from a disaster. So it is critical now at the 11th hour that this legislation pass.  I am pleased to have been a part of this bipartisan group that has worked on this legislation over the last few weeks.  Again, I want to express my thanks to Senator McConnell of Kentucky, and Senator Biden, for their patience through that 2\1/2\-hour exercise this morning that had Sandy Berger of the White House and others involved, because had not Senator McConnell and Senator Biden been so patient this morning, we might not have this bipartisan legislation on the floor this afternoon, and our wheat farmers would not have had the help they need.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  Mr. McCONNELL addressed the Chair.  