President, today we know our duty as Americans. We will bury our dead, we will comfort our wounded, we will honor our heroes, and we will protect and defend our Nation. We will stand as one against the treachery visited on America on Tuesday, September 11, in the year 2001.  We invite our friends and allies among the civilized nations to not only share our grief but also to share our determination to end the scourge of terrorism. The enemies of America, the enemies of freedom, unleashed their fury yesterday in New York and at the Pentagon in an effort to destroy our resolve. Our enemies have failed.  Today our hearts are heavy for all of the innocent lives lost and scarred by these barbaric terrorists. But our resolve has not been shaken. We stand as one, committed to freedom. We stand as one, committed to tolerance. We stand as one against those who kill the innocent in the name of righteousness. We stand as one against those who in the name of God perpetrated godless acts.  In the days ahead, we will undoubtedly learn of unparalleled, selfless courage by so many, the firefighters and police, who awakened yesterday as they did every day of their professional lives, pinned their badges and shields over their hearts, and risked their lives for people whose names they never knew, of the hundreds of firefighters who streamed into that inferno at the World Trade Center while every human instinct told them to flee the overwhelming danger. We will never know the details of their many courageous acts nor about the battles waged on the airliners hijacked by the terrorists. But we owe the deepest debt of gratitude to all of those Americans who demonstrated remarkable heroism at America's time of testing.  I say to the families of those fallen heroes and to all of those who suffered a loss from this violence: This Nation will stand by you as you rebuild your community and your life.  I say to our friends in Israel: This attack on America was an attack on our alliance and our common values.  The terrorists set out to bring America to its knees. Instead, they have brought America to its feet, stronger than ever in our alliance with Israel and more understanding of the price terrorism exacts from the heart and soul of people.  A word of caution to all of us: As we identify the sources of terrorism, it is possible we will look to an Arab person, or a group of Arab people, or those of the Muslim faith. We should never allow those facts, if they turn out to be true, to cloud our judgment when it comes to our fellow Arab Americans and those who believe and practice the Muslim faith. Many of them share with us the pain and sorrow of yesterday's tragedy.  Let me bring this tragedy very close to home. During the course of the Civil War, Abraham Lincoln came to Washington as the new President. The States began to divide into the Confederacy and the Union. When he arrived, this Capitol dome which you see outside was under construction. Many people went to the President and said: Mr. President, we can't afford to wage a war and build this Capitol dome. He said: Yes, we can, because that Capitol dome represents the unity of this country and what we will be after this war. During the Civil War, he continued the construction of that great dome we see today. And Lincoln was right.  We should a take lesson from that. As we talk about security in America, we should understand that one of the prime targets is the building I speak from--this Nation's Capitol, which attracts millions of visitors every single year. We owe those visitors, their families, and the thousands of people who work here the security and peace of mind of knowing that we have done everything we can to protect them in this age of terrorism. That means building a national visitors center, one which provides the security they deserve. This beautiful 19th century building should have 21st century security. I am happy to say that Senator Bennett of Utah as well as leaders on both sides of the aisle believe this is the moment when we should make that commitment to the national visitors center.  The last item to which I will make reference is a small one, but it is especially irritating. Yesterday in my home State of Illinois, after this tragedy was reported in New York, many gas stations across our State raised the price of gasoline dramatically to as high as $5 a gallon. Profiteering in a time of national crisis is the lowest form of citizenship. It is little better than looting during a national tragedy. I have called on the residents of Illinois to report to me those stations that did it. They should be ashamed. And we will report their findings and their stories to the investigation of the unfair gasoline prices we have seen in the Midwest.  Let me close by saying this: America will be tested now. We will be tested because of this tragedy yesterday. Some people said if we can just identify that one person who is the leader of this terrorist group and somehow capture or take him away, we will end the terrorism. That is so naive. Cutting off the head of one serpent doesn't clear a viper's nest. This is a network of terrorism throughout the world that really threatens every civilized nation, and we have to understand the complexity of the challenge we face.  In closing, I am reminded of the comments of Winston Churchill in the House of Commons on October 8, 1940:       Death and sorrow will be the companions of our journey;      hardship our garment; constancy and valor our only shield. We      must be united, we must be undaunted, we must be inflexible.  Thank you, Mr. President.  