President, I believe the agreement of the Senate as we adjourned yesterday was that the Democratic side, this Senator in particular, would be offering an amendment. I am prepared very shortly to yield to the Senator from New Mexico and the Senator from Ohio and to acknowledge their leadership on this issue. We are addressing probably one of the most complicated problems we face, a Supreme Court decision in Buckley v. Valeo which said that a person who decides to run for office and is personally wealthy cannot be limited in the amount of personal wealth they spend in order to obtain this office.  Meanwhile, other candidates who are not personally wealthy face all sorts of limitations on how much money they can raise from individuals, how much they can raise in a given period of time, how much they can raise from political action committees.  The effort in which I have joined Senator Domenici and Senator DeWine is a response to that, I hope a reasonable response to that, which says we know the day will come when wealthy people will run for office, but we also want to say if you are not wealthy, you should have a chance to compete and to deliver your message to the voters and to appeal to them for support.  We have come up with a proposal which Senator Domenici and Senator DeWine will describe in detail. We were having conversations on the floor, up to the beginning of this speech, about aspects of this matter which we hope to address. If we cannot address it particularly in the language of this amendment, we will acknowledge what we consider to be some of the questions that will be raised and try to address it later in debate. We have been in conversation with Senator McCain and Senator Feingold. They are familiar with what we are doing. I do not purport to suggest they support it. They can speak for themselves. We believe this is a responsible way to address a serious problem we face in political campaigns.  If the Senator from New Mexico is prepared, at this point I yield to him with the understanding that when the amendment arrives, the Senator from New Mexico, Mr. Domenici, and Senator DeWine, and I will join as cosponsors with others.  I yield to the Senator from New Mexico.  