I think it is important to bring this up early in the debate.  The Senator from Arizona, in his resolution, spells out the grim statistics about the fatal diseases which Americans and their families fight every single day. He notes the fact regarding breast cancer, the most common form of cancer among women, excluding skin cancer, that during the year 2001, 182,800 new cases of female invasive breast cancer will be diagnosed and 40,800 women will die from the disease. Fourteen hundred male breast cancer cases are projected to be diagnosed, 400 to die from the disease. Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death among all women. The leading cause, of course, is lung cancer. This year, 8,600 children are expected to be diagnosed with cancer; 500 will die from that disease. Three hundred thirty-three thousand people in our country are diagnosed with multiple sclerosis; 200 more cases each week. Parkinson's disease is a progressive disorder of the central nervous system affecting a million in the United States, and the numbers are growing. An estimated 198,000 men will be diagnosed with prostate cancer this year; 31,500 will die from this disease. It is the second leading cause of cancer among men.  The reason these statistics are important and the sense-of-the-Senate resolution is so important is that Senator McCain, as well as this bipartisan legislation, addresses the hope that we have to deal with this scourge of disease and all the pain and sorrow and suffering it brings to so many people.  What we are talking about are clinical trials. Clinical trials are an attempt by the medical profession to find new therapies and new approaches that may be promising and may create breakthroughs for people who have lost hope.  HMOs, the health insurance companies, many times deny access to these clinical trials.  Think about that for a moment: You visit your doctor and he says there is a suspicion that there may be a serious problem. You come back for a final diagnosis and you learn it is, in fact, a very serious disease; in fact, it is so serious that there is no known cure. But there is a clinical trial on the way at a hospital or a university that is trying a new approach, something that may have a significant impact on your disease. You ask how much it costs. Of course, it could be very expensive. Can you pay for it personally? Some people can, but most can't. So you call your health insurance company and say to the health insurance company: I have this bad diagnosis, but I have a chance. There is a clinical trial.  Sadly, too many health insurance companies say: No, we are not going to cover it. We can't afford it.  Clinical trials represent the gold standard of care for cancer patients across the United States. Yet only 3 percent of the eligible adults are enrolled in clinical trials for the treatment of cancer.  The General Accounting Office has found that patient participation in clinical trials is often dependent on this approval by the insurance company. They found that, increasingly, HMOs and health insurance companies are saying no to these clinical trials.  Yesterday, I had a very interesting visit in my office, unplanned, when a young lady from Chicago came in and asked at the last minute to see me. She was in town to testify at a committee on which I don't serve. Her name is Liz Cohen. She was here with her husband Richard. Liz is a cancer survivor. She was testifying before a subcommittee about clinical trials and medical research. Liz was diagnosed with lymphoma about 6 years ago. Luckily for her, she told me that she was willing to put up a fight with the insurance company to make sure she got into the clinical trial. She said--and I certainly agree with her--that many people are not so fortunate. How could anybody afford the thousands of dollars it would cost to go through one of those clinical trials? We talked about one of the new miracle drugs for cancer that has just come on the market. It is known as Gleevac. The pharmaceutical industry developed this revolutionary drug for chronic myelogenous leukemia and it has now been approved by the FDA ina record 2-month period of time. That may have been one of the fastest approvals ever.  The trials for this groundbreaking new treatment were privately funded, but approved by the FDA. Why is that important in this debate? Many people on the Republican side of the aisle tell you there is very little difference between the Breaux-Frist bill and the one being offered on our side, the Kennedy-Edwards-McCain bill.  Listen to the situation that faced Liz Cohen, where this breakthrough drug came about as a result of a clinical trial approved by the FDA. Under the McCain-Edwards bill, the one I support, the bipartisan bill, this type of clinical trial approved by the FDA would be covered. The Frist bill would not cover the trial for patients with this form of leukemia because they don't require coverage for FDA approved trials. They make a distinction which, frankly, from the point of view of a patient makes no difference whatsoever. If you are talking about a clinical trial and a breakthrough drug, how important is it for you to know whether it is FDA approved or not? If it is approved, why would your health insurance company not cover it?  It seems unfair for Congress to limit treatment options based on who is funding the clinical trial. That is exactly what the bills do. The bill offered on the Republican side by Senator Frist and Senator Breaux is a bill that would have denied her the access to that clinical trial. Our bill would have given her that access.  There are other major problems with the Frist bill, not the least of which is the fact that it imposes a lengthy rulemaking process in terms of this whole clinical trial issue. It is estimated that they would not be able to decide the rules relative to these clinical trials before fiscal year 2004, maybe as late as 2007. Can you think about that for a moment--that we would wait 5, 6, or 7 years for rulemaking under the Frist bill on clinical trials? Would you like to try to explain that in a doctor's office to someone desperate for a breakthrough so that they can live?  That is what is at stake here. The clock is not just running on rulemaking; the clock is running on life or death. That is the difference between the bills.  The Frist bill also provides the HMO with an opportunity to refuse to cover unanticipated patient care costs as a result of a clinical trial. So even if you get access to a clinical trial and pay with your own money, you have to hope you won't suffer side effects, or you might be on your own paying for the bills out of your own pocket.  Clinical trials are sometimes the only hope that a family has. The Frist and Breaux bill, sadly, would extinguish that hope. In an effort to protect the insurance company's bottom line, their bill would rob cancer patients sometimes of their last chance.  I hope when we look at clinical trials, there will be honest information given on the Senate floor. The Mayo Clinic and the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center have done studies. They have concluded that the cost of a clinical trial is usually comparable to the cost of other treatment. But the clinical trials are important because they try to push the envelope and find new approaches, new therapies, new drugs, things that could be used for everybody's good benefit later on. They give an example. They went to the Mayo Clinic, to the National Cancer Institute, and found that after one year the cost for a cancer chemotherapy trial was $24,645. For those under standard care, it was $23,964. The difference is not significant. For a person desperate to find a cure, the difference makes the importance of this debate come through very clearly.  Another study at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center found that clinical trial patients spend less time in the hospital, lower costs for radiation therapy, fewer drugs and supplies, and fewer operating room procedures. Overall costs for clinical trial patients were 20 percent less than those patients in standard care.  Why do the insurance companies say no? It is not a matter of cost. It is a question about how far they will go if you leave them alone. The reason for this Patients' Bill of Rights is to make sure that families across America have these rights and guarantees and protections.  What we are seeking to do with the amendment offered by the Senator from Arizona is to put the Senate on record, to stand up for clinical trials, stand up for the bipartisan bill that guarantees access to these important life-or-death clinical trials. I am happy to stand in support of the Senator's amendment. I hope all of my colleagues, regardless of their party affiliation, will understand that the diseases that affect Americans don't know any party label. They affect everybody--Republican, Democrat, or Independent. I hope all my colleagues will join in supporting this amendment. I thank the Senator for bringing it to the floor.  