President, let me say in response to my friend and colleague and chairman from the State of Vermont, Senator Patrick Leahy has written an amazing record in the Senate. Time after time when I would look for those issues that touched my heart or defined it, Pat Leahy had arrived there first a long time ago.  On the issue of landmines, a scourge across the world, Pat Leahy was a leader in the United States in defying his own party's administration in begging for the United States to join with other civilized nations around the world in banning landmines. The Patrick Leahy War Victims Fund that is part of this legislation is an effort to say something very simple but very true to the rest of the world; that is, that we care. It is money that is given in the name of a Senator who has proven in his decades of public service that he does care.  The point I would like to address is part of our debate on this bill. I am honored to be part of this committee, to bring this bill forward. I am honored to be part of this debate which will result in a vote very shortly. I hope we will put this matter in some perspective.  My colleague from California, Senator Feinstein, who took the floor early this afternoon, spelled out in some detail the exact dollar commitment being made by the United States in foreign assistance. It is a substantial sum of money, until you put that sum in comparison to expenditures for many other items. Then you find that it is only a very small part of our national budget.  Senator Feinstein made a point made by others, that if you ask the average person in California or my State of Illinois what percentage of the Federal budget is spent on foreign aid, people guess, oh, 15 percent, maybe 10 percent. It couldn't be as low as 5 percent. In fact, less than 2 percent of our total budget is spent on foreign aid.  America has learned a lot about itself since September 11. We as political figures have learned a lot about ourselves as well. I believe the President of the United States has done an extraordinary job in leading this country. I told him in a chance meeting we had flying out to Chicago just a few weeks ago that although I didn't vote for him, I was certainly singing his praises. He said he understood that.  I do mean it. I believe he has assembled an excellent team: Secretary of State Colin Powell, Vice President Cheney, Condoleezza Rice, Don Rumsfeld as head of the Department of Defense. What an extraordinary grouping of experience that we bring to one of the most important battles America has ever faced, the war against terrorism.  I say in good faith to this administration that I believe it has learned since September 11 that certain things that were assumed before are not true today.  For example, there were those who criticized Bill Clinton, the former President, for his personal involvement in the peace process in the Middle East. I think those critics realize today that our President, our leaders, have to be involved in Middle East peace. No other country is likely to lead those warring factions to the peace table with any meaningful result.  I am happy we are continuing to work with the leaders in the Middle East to calm down tensions, to try to find a road to peace in an area that has been wracked with war for almost 60 years. Nation building was criticized in the last campaign as something the United States should not get into, that we should not be worried about building up another nation. That is the U.S. role. We know better now. When we finally have our hands on Osama bin Laden and his al-Qaida terrorist organization, and the Taliban is long gone, you can bet the United States will be in the first row rebuilding the nation of Afghanistan. It will be difficult, but we know it has to be done, so that we can leave behind a stable government that can shun terrorism when they try to find refuge again.  Of course, in rebuilding that nation of Afghanistan, we will say to the Muslim world that what we told you at the beginning of this conflict is true at the end of it: This is not a war against Muslims or against the Afghan people; this is a war against terrorism and those who harbor them. We will invest in Afghanistan, as we will invest in Pakistan, to stabilize their leadership and give them an indication of the caring of the United States--not just to prove our virtue but because it is important for our national interest. A stable world that doesn't fall into war or doesn't harbor terrorism is a better world for everyone who lives in America.  We have also come to realize, since September 11, that organizations such as the United Nations are absolutely critical. I have been embarrassed in the last several years how in the Senate in particular, and in Congress in general, we have really made a mockery of our commitment to the United Nations. Thank goodness those days have ended. The United Nations is important. There are times when the U.N. and the Security Council infuriate me because they say and stand for things I don't agree with at all. But that is the nature of a true debate. The United Nations is a gathering place for every country in the world, and it is a good place for that debate. It avoids war in many instances.  The need for global alliances has become clear. Whether we are talking about tracking down financial transactions, fighting terrorism, or putting together a military alliance that will root out terrorism around the world, we need allies and friends. The United States cannot, will not, should not go it alone. We have learned that since September 11. It has been heartening in our grief and sorrow to see so many nations around the world who have shared that grief with us and raised their hands and said, we want to join the United Nations in this fight against terrorism.  So we have learned a great deal about ourselves and our role in the world because of the tragedy of September 11. I think we have to pause and reflect and ask whether we are doing enough and whether there is more we should do. I don't believe this Congress has been sparing when it comes to any request from this administration to help our military or invest in our intelligence. We want to be certain they are the very best. We will not cut back or shortchange the men and women in uniform. We want them to be well equipped, well funded, well prepared so that they can fight these battles successfully and come home safely. I think we have seen that time and again, where both Democrats and Republicans have said that is our goal.  But I think we also have to concede the fact that in addition to solidarity when it comes to the war effort and intelligence gathering, we should show solidarity as well in this effort that is reflected in this bill on foreign operations because in this bill you will find money that is being directed to countries around the world to deal with some of the hardships and problems and challenges they face.  As you go through this bill, you see it is almost a catalog of the problems facing the world. There is a section in here about the HIV/AIDS epidemic in Africa. I went there just last year. It is an experience I will never forget. I really salute Senator Leahy for helping a mutual friend of ours who is running an orphanage for AIDS victims, small children, in Nairobi, Kenya. This Jesuit priest, who is a mutual friend of ours, is devoting his life to those children. In stories such as that, where a small amount of money from the United States is being spent, it is well spent not because it is for a good purpose of showing what is in the heart of America, but it is also attacking an epidemic which is the scourge of the 21st century.  If you were to grade the United States in terms of what we have achieved, I think you would have to put us No. 1 in the world when it comes to the military. There is no one who can rival what we can bring to a military undertaking, a military enterprise. I think the United States, justifiably, is proud of the men and women in uniform and all those who have supported them, which has led to that great reputation we do deserve.  I think if you would grade the United States in terms of other foreign operations around the world, we would not be at that high a level. In fact, many countries give a higher per capita contribution than the United States when it comes to foreign assistance. I want to answer them and say: But when you are in trouble and you need someone to come in a hurry with the best military in the world, we are there, and it costs a lot of money, and we put the lives of our men and women on the line.  So it is not as if we don't care. We support the world in a different way. This bill seeks to reach out beyond the military commitment and say there are other ways we can create support and stability in this world.  Just a few weeks ago, Newsweek magazine had a cover story I read carefully and shared with my family and all my friends entitled bluntly ``Why They Hate Us.'' It tried to spell out in historic terms and political and economic terms why so many people in the Muslim world around this globe have such a low opinion of the United States. Some of it is undeserved. What has happened to many people of the Islamic faith over centuries that led up to this moment is certainly not of our creation. Yet we are viewed as ``the West'' and ``the enemy,'' as ``the infidels.'' That is a sad commentary.  We have to search for ways we can reach those around the world who will listen to the message of for what America really stands. I commend to my colleagues two ideas that are not part of this legislation but I hope will be part of our thinking in the future. Theycome from two former colleagues in the Senate. One is a man who is a very close friend of mine--one of my closest--former Senator Paul Simon. When he was a Senator from Illinois, he identified an issue that I believe is critically important today and will become increasingly important around the world, particularly in the Islamic world, in the nations that are struggling to survive, and that is simply the issue of water, the availability of drinking water. We will find, I am sure, that in the future there will be wars waged over the rights to water as more and more people are born on the Earth and it taxes the resources available.  Senator Simon suggested that the United States be a world and global leader when it comes to desalinization of ocean water so people can drink it, so that we would provide fresh water, safe water to babies around the world--a message the United States could send saying, we will bring our best technology, use it in a humane fashion, and your life and your family will be benefited by it. What a positive message that would be to those who are at least skeptical of us--if not those who despise us--that we are a caring people. I hope the idea of moving forward with that initiative is one we might be able to pursue.  The second one is one that also was suggested by two former Senators, Senators George McGovern and Bob Dole. It was about a year ago that Senator McGovern, from a position in Rome, wrote a guest editorial in the Washington Post calling for an international school feeding program. I think it is one of the best single ideas I have heard. He enlisted in support Senator Bob Dole. A Republican and a Democrat came together with the belief that the largess of America's agricultural plenty could be used in schools around the world to feed hungry children.  That not only encourages children to go to school, it particularly encourages young girls to go to school. Their families see this as a nutritious meal. As we educate these children in foreign lands with the bounty God has given us, their education helps them understand better the world in which they live.  From what I read about the madaris, the Islamic schools in Pakistan where children are sent, they do not learn the basics of reading, writing, history, or science, but literally spend every hour of every day memorizing every word of the Koran, and after that is done, they leave. Meanwhile they are being indoctrinated into political belief. That to me is a terrible waste of a mind and intelligence, to limit their education to that sole purpose.  What Senator McGovern, Senator Dole, and many of us who support them believe is if we take some of our money and gather with other like-minded countries, we can provide a nutritious meal at a school so a child going to that school will know they will not only get a good day's education but perhaps the only nutritious meal of the day.  We know what is going to happen. The more education we give young girls in Third World countries, the less likely they are to have large families, the more likely they are to have self-esteem and to have the kind of careers and opportunities and a future which we want for all children all around the world. Two simple ideas from former Senate colleagues addressing the need for water that is safe and sterile, addressing the need for food that is associated with education, so that the United States can continue to deliver the same message that we have for so many years to parts of the world we may have ignored for the last few decades.  I sincerely hope this bill receives a resounding bipartisan vote from the Senate because it is part of our strategy to make certain we not only defeat terrorism, but that we replace it with more positive values around the world and that we replace it with an image of the United States that is a true image, an image of a caring people that not only cares for its own, but cares for many less fortunate around the world.  I salute Senator Leahy, and I also salute Senator McConnell and the entire committee for their hard work in the preparation of this legislation which I hope will receive a sound bipartisan vote of support.  I yield the floor.  