There are those who argue from the energy industry side that the only way we can improve our energy future in America is by compromising on air quality standards. They suggest it is environmental regulation which is causing the problem we face today.  I disagree with that. I think they ignore realities. One of the realities we should not ignore is to perhaps visit a local hospital, go to an emergency room, and ask the doctor who is in control what is the No. 1 diagnosis of children going to emergency rooms in America today. I was surprised to learn it is not trauma, kids falling off a bicycle; it is asthma. The No. 1 reason kids miss school: Asthma. The No. 1 diagnosis in emergency rooms: Asthma. Pulmonary disease, lung problems, and asthma are, unfortunately, becoming epidemic in our country. I cannot give you the specific reason for all of it, but the people I have spoken to say air quality is part of it.  I will mention something else to the Senator from North Dakota. The former head of the Environmental Protection Agency, Carol Browner, told me that the Web site for the Environmental Protection Agency had a dramatic increase in visits from a few thousand a month to millions a month when they started posting ozone alerts on cities across America. Families literally got up in the morning and logged on, went to the EPA Web site to find out whether it was safe for their child to go outside. Think about that.  If we are talking about compromising air quality standards in America, more kids are going to be sitting inside their homes; more elderly people with pulmonary disease are going to be at risk. We cannot afford that. We can have a good energy policy and not compromise the public health of this Nation and the health of families across the board. I totally reject the concept that I haveheard from some in this administration and from the energy industry that the only way we can move forward in America is at the expense of our health.  This should not be ``your money or your life.'' In this situation I think we can have a good energy policy that does not compromise that basic quality standard. We have made amazing progress over the last 20 years. Visit any foreign industrialized country and take a look at the muck they call air. Go to Beijing in China. You wake up in the morning and say it is a foggy day; at noon you say it is still a foggy day; midafternoon, still a foggy day; at night, still foggy; and the next morning, the same. Every day, day after day, the air quality is miserable.  I don't pick on China. There are many other comparable countries. The United States should lead, not only being an industrial power but also sensitive to the health of its people. I ask the Senator from North Dakota for his comments on this relationship between energy and the environment.  