 The answer was no. It was a long answer, but the answer was no, in Texas there is no limit on the amount of money paid in her home State to attorneys representing the families of children who are seeking special education. But she is saying with her amendment we are going to change that rule in the District of Columbia. No other State in the Nation has done what the Senator from Texas wants to do to the District of Columbia.  What is this all about? It is about a law passed by Congress which said we want to give kids with disabilities a chance for an education. We know sometimes when they try to seek that education they have to put up a fight. The school board says, no, we cannot put them in a special education class. If they put up a fight, they have to hire a lawyer to go through an administrative hearing.  The law we passed, for which many of us voted, said if the family prevails, if the child goes into special education, the court can decide to pay the attorney's fees for the family. Otherwise, what would happen? Exactly what has happened in the District of Columbia right now because of Senator Hutchison's amendment the previous years.  Poor kids from poor families cannot afford lawyers. As a result, they do not get representation. They do not get a chance to go into special education classes.  Senator Hutchison wants to limit the attorney's fees to stop the poor children in the District of Columbia who are seeking special education to have a legal voice in the process. That is just plain wrong. If the Senator wants to repeal the Children with Disabilities Act as it applies all across America, let her offer the amendment. I would vote against it, but it would be a fair amendment.  What she is doing is zeroing in on this town because some Members of the Senate and the House cannot help themselves from playing the role of city councilman and mayor. They just love it. They will not leave to the District of Columbia the power to make its own decisions. They want to make the decisions for it. Whether we give the District of Columbia 10 percent or 20 percent of the money it spends, the fact is it is responsible under the same laws as every State in the Union.  My colleagues ought to see the letters I received in opposition to the Hutchison amendment. The Senator from Texas would have us believe this is a battle over whether or not lawyers get paid. This letter I received from the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities makes it clear all of these organizations--and these are not bar associations, I might say for the record: Easter Seals, the American Occupational Therapy Association, Higher Education Consortium for Special Education, Council for Learning Disabilities, Council for Exceptional Children, Epilepsy Foundation, Helen Keller National Center--oppose the Hutchison amendment.  If it was such a wonderful idea to stop paying the attorney's fees so we could give money for special education, would you not think these groups that represent disabled kids would be in favor of this amendment?  They know better. They know what Senator Hutchison is doing. She is taking away the legal voice of the poorest kids in the District of Columbia.  Then we received letters from some lawyers, and the lawyers tell us what has happened as a result of the Hutchison amendment over the last 3 years. The number of hearings filed in 1998, before the Hutchison amendment, for special education purposes in the District of Columbia: 2,140. As of last year, that number was cut more than 50 percent to 1,011--more than a 50-percent drop.  Why? Because the poorest kids in the District of Columbia who cannot afford to have their families pay for a lawyer cannot get to court, cannot get into special education. Imagine the life of that small child which has been decided at an early age, which says that whether they have a learning disability, a physical handicap, or a mental disability, they do not have a chance. If the District of Columbia school system turns them down, they are finished because under Senator Hutchison's amendment they would limit the attorneys to being paid $3,000 and not one penny more.  I want to say something about the attorneys who are involved in this. I made a statement earlier, but I want to make sure it is clear in the Record. The men and women involved in this practice are doing a great service to the families and a great service to our Nation, giving these kids a chance for special education to receive their fullest potential. The fact is, if we hold the fees to $3,000 as a maximum in these cases, many attorneys cannot afford to take the case and, sadly, some taking these cases are not prepared to deal with them because they frankly cannot put in the time necessary to be successful.  The worst part of the Hutchison amendment is the fact that even though each year she continues to pass this along, to stop the poor kids in the District of Columbia from having access to special education, the courts have said they are going to ignore it. They continue to award attorney's fees to these firms. Now the District of Columbia cannot pay out anything more than Senator Hutchison has allowed them, but the amount of money that the District still owes to these attorneys is there and continues to earn interest and grow. It is a huge element of debt for the District of Columbia that is not being served by the amendment of the Senator from Texas.  I urge all Members to think about the simple justice of this situation. Senator Hutchison says she is just declaring war on trial lawyers. Very few trial lawyers are going to take on cases involving special education. It takes a special attorney with a special dedication to make it happen. She may pick or choose some of the attorney's fees, if a particular fee is excessive, but each has to be approved by the court. If that court and that judge make a decision under the law, we have said that is the way it will apply to Texas, to Louisiana, and to the State of Illinois. But at this point in time, to take this city, the Nation's Capital, and say DC children will be denied access to special education at a time when all of the major disability groups beg us to vote against the Hutchison amendment is unfair.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  