 Whether we live in South Dakota or Illinois or in the State of Georgia, we know we have faced a downturn in the economy which has cost us thousands of jobs across America. I have met with some of these workers. Since August 21, more than 800,000 of them have exhausted their unemployment insurance benefits. They still remain unemployed. In the week following September 11, the Department of Labor reported that unemployment insurance claims reached a 9-year high. So the economy was soft going into the tragedy of September 11 and certainly aggravated by that terrible event.  We have seen a dramatic loss of jobs across America in so many different industries. As to the airline industry, where we tried to make an heroic effort to provide a lifeline to that industry to keep the planes flying, we may have given them some hope, but certainlythey have had to lay off employees and cut back schedules. That is one of the most serious problems we face in terms of our domestic economy.  For the unemployed workers across America, the Democratic stimulus package proposes that we give them additional coverage for at least 13 weeks so they will be able to have some way of feeding their family, keeping them together, paying the rent, and paying the utility bills during the winter months. I don't think that is unreasonable. We know these people are going to spend the money given to them because they are trying to struggle to survive under the most difficult, if not impossible, circumstances.  We have also tried in our bill to expand health insurance coverage for the unemployed. Can you think of any worse situation, as the head of a household or head of a family, than to not have health insurance for yourself, your wife, or your children? Imagine if you are unemployed on top of it. That is what is going on for thousands of Americans.  On the Democratic side, we have tried to say that part of any economic stimulus package should remember these workers, these working families, and not forget them.  Sadly, the contrast is so obvious with the Republican approach: In the House the Republicans, proposed massive tax cuts not for working families or average Americans but for the biggest corporations in America. Some $25 billion goes to just a handful of corporations. They are corporations that paid an alternative minimum tax over the last 15 years. The Republicans have said, let's refund the money they paid. The House Republicans passed that package.  It would give to one corporation $1.4 billion. We don't know if that corporation would take the money and give it to the corporate officers in terms of salary or income or whether they would pass it along in terms of dividends. We frankly don't know that it would encourage any growth in the economy.  On the Senate Republican side, the stimulus bill accelerates the tax cut rates for the highest income earners in America. Again, the Republicans have forgotten the average working family, the person struggling to survive.  What Senator Daschle, the majority leader, has said to us this morning is that our door is still open, the table is still there for us to come together with Republicans. If we are going to do something for the economy, let's do it now. Let's do it in a timely fashion. Let's do something that truly will help and won't hurt us in the long run. The Republican proposals which we have seen don't meet that test. The Democratic proposals do.  I salute Senator Byrd from West Virginia. He is now going to add to the Defense appropriations bill an amendment to provide homeland defense funds for counties and cities and States across America that are trying to deal with the issue of security. We are happy to read the morning reports that we are winning the war in Afghanistan, but Americans want to know that they are safe. Their safety depends on the very best law enforcement in Washington and in the communities, the best public health facilities in their local communities. That means we have to help them. We have to provide the resources to give peace of mind and safety to families and communities across America.  Senator Byrd's proposal moves in that direction, for law enforcement, first responders, for public health, for infrastructure security, for security in transportation, such as Amtrak. All are essential to make America safe and give us peace of mind.  I see the minority leader on the floor. I don't want to take any additional time. I yield the floor.  