 Mr. President, during the course of this presentation, I would like to call on the Senator from North Dakota from time to time.  Let me thank the Senator from Maryland for coming to the floor. He made an eloquent statement to put in perspective the issue on which we now have to vote. It may be one of the most important votes we will cast this year.  People say: A budget resolution? What in the world is a budget resolution? What does it mean to my family or my business?  A budget resolution is basically the blueprint which says this is how far we can go and no further under the rules of the Senate and the House, in spending. So once you put that blueprint in place, when the Appropriations Committee sits down to put the spending bills in place, they look to this blueprint, this budget resolution, as does the Finance Committee when it looks to the tax consequences of this same budget resolution. So we have to pay careful attention to this blueprint.  I salute the Senator from North Dakota. I tell you, we are fortunate on this side of the aisle. In fact, the Senate is fortunate to have a man of his ability and commitment in the midst of this debate.  I have just spoken to my colleague from Minnesota. I will gladly speak to others and tell them I have been so proud of the job Senator Conrad has done. He is good at this. He is extremely good at this. I never want to get on the other side of debate with Senator Conrad when there is a row of numbers up on a page because I am going to lose. He understands them. He doesn't just see the numbers on the page, he sees the policy behind them. He can think beyond the box we are in many times, to the ultimate impact of some of these decisions.  I would like for a moment to reflect on what we have been doing for the last week and a half or 2 weeks on the Senate floor. We have been discussing the issue which the American people identify as their single highest priority, not just this month or this year, but for all time. At every level, when it comes to local government, State and Federal Government, their highest single priority is education--education, our schools. I often wonder why do we always keep identifying education as our biggest issue? I think the reason is fairly obvious. Education really defines this country. Education says we will give you an opportunity as a young child to walk into a classroom and prove yourself and improve yourself and then be a better person for it.  We happen to believe--I do not think it is uniquely American, but we sure believe in this country--if you give kids the right opportunity to prove and improve themselves, they will succeed. You are looking at one. My mother was an immigrant to this country. Neither my mother or father went beyond the eighth grade and I stand here on the floor of the U.S. Senate. That is because when I brought home a report card, it was an event in my house. We stopped everything and they pored over the numbers and the letters. They gave me a frown or a smile.  A lot of families in America know the same experience. So when we come to the floor of the Senate and debate education, we are debating something we know personally to be important, and every American family will identify as their single highest priority. So it is no surprise Democrats and Republicans come to the floor and want to stand up and talk about how to improve schools and education.  For the last 2 weeks, that discussion has ranged from accountability and standards to teacher improvement, the number of kids in a classroom, the quality of the school, the computers and the technology available to our children, how long the school day will last, will we give the kids an adequate lunch, what will we do after school to improve their lives and keep them safe, what are we going to do during the summer months, how can we recruit new teachers. This floor has just been alive with this debate on both sides and both parties believe they are committed to this.  The interesting thing is that debate for the last 2 weeks has been an important debate, but it may not be as important as the bill on the Senate budget resolution on which we are about to vote. Let me tell you why.  When I served in the U.S. House of Representatives, I served with a Congressman, still there, from Wausau, WI, by the name of David Obey. Congressman Obey used to like to take to the House floor and admonish his colleagues for what he called ``posing for holy pictures.'' In other words, efforts made by Members of the House--and it applies as well to the Senate--to be on the side of the angels, to put a halo above their heads, to say they were for all the right things.  For the last 2 weeks, there has been a lot of debate about education and a lot of effort to be on the side of the angels, on the side of American families, when it comes to education.  But mark my words, all of that debate is worth nothing, absolutely nothing, if tomorrow we vote for this budget resolution because this budget resolution which was proffered by the Republicans provides no additional funding for education--none.  You look at it and say, How can this be? President Bush came to office. He invited Senator Kennedy and Congressman Miller and all the Democrats. He wrapped his arms around them. He invited them to movies and lunch and gave them all nicknames and he said: Ijust love education. I can't wait to make it the linchpin of my Presidency.  He convinced a lot of people in this town and a lot of people across America that he was genuine. But in this town you have to look beyond the holy pictures. You have to look at the facts. When you look at the facts of this budget resolution, you find there is no money there.  All the promises have been made: We are going to test the kids year after year after year; we are going to hold them to high standards, as we should; we are going to demand accountability; we are going to want the very best teachers, the very best technology. Then take a look at this budget resolution.  I ask the Senator from North Dakota, if I might, if he will answer a question. I want to make certain it is clear on the record. In the budget resolution before us, House Concurrent Resolution 83, which projects spending over the next 11 years, would the Senator from North Dakota, having analyzed this, tell me what commitment is being made by the Republican leadership and the Bush administration to new funding for education to improve the schools and the lives of children across America?  