 If it is real bankruptcy reform, it should address all levels of income in this country. It should be fair to every one. This bill is not.  O.J. Simpson filed for bankruptcy after being ordered by the court to pay a $33.5 million judgment. He got to keep his $650,000 Los Angeles home. These poor people I talked about in Chicago who are about to lose their little home over predatory lenders don't have the advantage O.J. Simpson had in California. That isn't fair.  Actor Burt Reynolds' home was worth $2.5 million. He got to keep that. Onetime corporate raider Paul A. Bilzerian kept his extravagant 11-bedroom, 36,000 square foot estate, the largest in the Tampa Bay area. It had a basketball court, movie theater, nine-car garage, elevator, and it was worth $5 million. Because Florida law is very generous to wealthy people filing for bankruptcy, he was able to keep his home. The person I talked about in the city of Chicago didn't have that benefit.  Elmer Hill, Tennessee coal broker, 3 days before being ordered to pay $15 million to a company he defrauded, shielded his assets by purchasing a $650,000 waterfront home in Florida and paying $75,000 to furnish it. Then he declared bankruptcy. The Florida Supreme Court recently ruled he was permitted to keep his home. The court said that ``a debtor with specific intent to hinder, delay or defraud creditors'' is presently able to shield his or her assets in their home.  Senator Kohl of Wisconsin offered an amendment to reform this. I supported it. The amendment passed. But, the interests that support wealthy people here want this provision stripped in conference.  When we consider bankruptcy reform, should we not have basic fairness? Shouldn't all families across America, regardless of their wealth and income, be treated fairly? Sadly, this bill does not.  I will not be supporting this bankruptcy bill in its current form.  I ask unanimous consent that Senator Torricelli be allocated 10 minutes of the time controlled by the proponents of the substitute amendment.  