Madam President, I rise to speak in opposition to the nomination of John Graham for the position of Administrator for the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs at OMB.  This is a rare experience for me. I think it is the first time in my Senate career, in my congressional career, where I have spoken out against a nominee and attempted to lead the effort to stop his confirmation. I do this understanding that the deck is not stacked in my favor. Many Members of the Senate will give the President his person, whoever it happens to be, and that is a point of view which I respect but disagree with from time to time. I also understand from the Governmental Affairs Committee experience that the Republican side of the aisle--the President's side of the aisle--has been unanimous in the support of John Graham, and that is understandable, both out of respect for the nominee and the President himself.  Having said that, though, the reason I come to the floor this evening and the reason I asked for time in debate is because I believe this is one of the mostdangerous nominations that we are going to consider--dangerous in this respect: Although the office which Mr. John Graham seeks is obscure by Washington standards, it is an extremely important office. Few people are aware of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs and just how powerful the office of regulatory czar can be. But this office, this senior White House staff position, exercises enormous authority over every major Federal regulation the Government has under consideration. Because of this, the OIRA Administrator must have a commitment to evenhandedness, objectivity, and fair play in analyzing and presenting information about regulatory options.  Do you often sit and wonder, when you hear pronouncements from the Bush White House, for example, on arsenic in drinking water and increasing the acceptable level of arsenic in drinking water, who in the world came up with that idea? There might be some business interests, some industrial and corporate interests, who have a specific view on the issue and have pushed it successfully in the administration. But somebody sitting in the Bush White House along the way said: That sounds like a perfectly sound idea. And so they went forward with that suggestion.  Of course, the public reaction to that was so negative that they have had time to reconsider the decision, but at some time and place in this Bush White House, someone in a position of authority said: Go forward with the idea of allowing more arsenic in drinking water in the United States.  I do not understand how anyone can reach that conclusion at all, certainly not without lengthy study and scientific information to back it up, but it happened. My fear is, John Graham, as the gatekeeper for rules and regulations concerning the environment and public health, will be in a position to give a thumbs up or a thumbs down to suggestions just like that from this day forward if he is confirmed.  I think it is reasonable for us to step back and say: If he has that much power, and we already have seen evidence in this administration of some rather bizarre ideas when it comes to public health and the environment, we have a right to know what John Graham believes, what is John Graham's qualification for this job, what is his record in this area? That is why I stand here this evening.  I want to share with my colleagues in the Senate and those who follow the debate the professional career of Mr. John Graham which I think gives clear evidence as to why he should not be confirmed for this position.  Let me preface my remarks. Nothing I will say this evening, nothing I have said, will question the personal integrity of John Graham. I have no reason to do that, nor will I. What I will raise this evening relates directly to his professional experience, statements he has made, views he holds that I think are central to the question as to whether or not we should entrust this important and powerful position to him.  Some in the Governmental Affairs Committee said this was a personal attack on John Graham. Personal in this respect: I am taking his record as an individual, a professional, and bringing it to the Senate for its consideration. But I am not impugning his personal integrity or his honesty. I have no reason to do so.  I assumed from the beginning that he has done nothing in his background that will raise questions along those lines. I will really stick this evening to things he has said in a professional capacity, and in sticking to those things, I think you will see why many have joined me in raising serious questions about his qualifications.  On the surface, John Graham strikes some of my colleagues in the Senate as possessing the qualities of objectivity and evenhandedness we would expect in this position. He is seen by many as eminently qualified for the position. After all, he is a leading expert in the area of risk analysis and has compiled a lengthy list of professional accomplishments.  I have heard from colleagues on both sides of the aisle, whom I respect, that they consider him the right man for the job. So I think it is important for me this evening to spell out in specific detail why I believe that is not the case, why John Graham is the wrong person to serve as the Nation's regulatory czar.  Professor Graham's supporters painted a picture of him as evenhanded and objective. They say he supports environmental regulations as long as they are well drafted and based on solid information. My colleague, the Senator from Tennessee, said as much in his opening statement.  A casual glance at Dr. Graham's record may lead one to conclude this is an accurate portrayal. As they say, the devil is in the details. A careful reading of the record makes several things absolutely clear: Dr. Graham opposes virtually all environmental regulations. He believes that many environmental regulations do more harm than good. He also believes that many toxic chemicals--toxic chemicals--may be good for you. I know you are wondering, if you are following this debate, how anyone can say that. Well, stay tuned.  John Graham favors endless study of environmental issues over taking actions and making decisions--a classic case of paralysis by analysis. Dr. Graham's so-called objective research is actually heavily influenced by policy consideration, and he has had a built-in bias that favors the interest of his industrial sponsors.  He has been connected with Harvard University, and that is where his analysis has been performed, at his center. He has had a list of professional clients over the years.  Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that this list of clients be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:     Unrestricted Grants to the Harvard Center for Risk Assessment       3M.       Aetna Life & Casualty Company.       Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.       Alcoa Foundation.       American Automobile Manufacturers Association.       American Chemistry Council.       American Crop Protection Association.       American Petroleum Institute.       Amoco Corporation.       ARCO Chemical Company.       ASARCO Inc.       Ashland Inc. Foundation.       Association of American Railroads.       Astra AB.       Astra-Merck.       Atlantic Richfield Corporation.       BASF.       Bethlehem Steel Corporation.       Boatmen's Trust.       Boise Cascade Corporation.       BP America Inc.       Cabot Corporation Foundation       Carolina Power and Light.       Cement Kiln Recycling Coalition.       Center for Energy and Economic Development.       Chevron Research & Technology Company.       Chlorine Chemistry Council.       CIBA-GEIGY Corporation.       Ciba Geigy Limited.       CITGO Petroleum Company.       The Coca-Cola Company.       Cytec Industries.       Dow Chemical Company.       DowElanco.       DuPont Agricultural Products.       Eastman Chemical Company.       Eastman Kodak Company.       Edison Electric Institute.       E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Company.       Electric Power Research Institute.       Emerson Electric.       Exxon Corporation.       FBC Chemical Corporation.       FMC Corporation.       Ford Motor Company.       Fort James Foundation.       Frito-Lay.       General Electric Fund.       General Motors Corporation.       The Geon Company.       Georgia-Pacific Corporation.       Glaxo-Wellcome, Inc.       The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company.       Grocery Manufacturers of America.       Hoechst Celanese Corporation.       Hoechst Marion Roussel.       Hoffman-LaRoche Inc.       ICI Americas Inc.       Inland Steel Industries.       International Paper.       The James Riber Corporation Foundation.       Janssen Pharmaceutical.       Johnson & Johnson.       Kraft Foods.       Louisiana Chemical Association.       Lyondell Chemical Company.       Mead Corporation Foundation.       Merck & Company.       Microban.       Millenium Chemical Company.       Mobil Foundation, Inc.       Monsanto Company.       National Food Processors Association.       National Steel.       New England Power Service--New.       England Electric System.       Nippon Yakin Kogyo.       North American Insulation Manufacturers Association.       Novartis Corporation.       Novartis International.       Olin Corporation Charitable Trust.       Oxford Oil.       Oxygenated Fuels Association.       PepsiCo Inc.       The Pittston Company.       Pfizer.       Pharmacia Upjohn.       Potlatch Corporation.       Praxair, Inc.       Procter & Gamble Company.       Reynolds Metals Company Foundation.       Rhone-Poulenc, Inc.       Rohm and Haas Company.       Schering-Plough Corporation.       Shell Oil Company Foundation.       Texaco Foundation.       Union Carbide Foundation.       Unocal.       USX Corporation.       Volvo.       Westinghouse Electric Corporation.       Westvaco.       WMX Technologies, Inc.       Zeneca.       (Source: Harvard Center for Risk Assessment).  