President, I supported this effort from the beginning. I believe that when you ask American families about tax cuts, their highest single priority is this amendment.  This is a rather substantial proposal in reference to cutting the taxes of America's families. I am sure there are some very important and popular provisions in here, but when we literally ask families, if we could do one thing in the Tax Code to help you and your family in the future, what would it be, it is this amendment, this amendment which would allow families to deduct the expenses of a college education.  We all know the problem. Some of the brightest young people in America either have to delay their education or change their plans because they literally cannot afford the cost of higher education or they find themselves in a position where they graduate from college with an extraordinarily high debt. With that student loan debt, a lot of choices in life are already made for them. They may not be able to become a teacher, which could have been their life's dream, because instead they have to make more money to pay off the college loan. They may not be able to become a nurse or a doctor, or whatever, because of the expense of education.  What the bipartisan Schumer amendment does, which I am happy to support, is address this problem and give to American families the ability to deal with the cost of higher education.  Ask yourself: How important would it be? When a young child is born into a family, a new baby, it is usually kind of a rite of passage that you say to the new parent: How is mom? How is the baby? Is the baby sleeping at night? Have you thought about the cost of college education? Those are natural questions because people seem to think, as they should, this is a major obstacle to the success of my child. I better be thinking ahead. Is it reasonable to ask that question?  Let me give an example in my State of Illinois. In a 20-year period, the rough period between the birth of a child and their heading to college, in Illinois, between 1980 and the year 2000, the average tuition and fees at college went up 395 percent at public universities, 344 percent at private 4-year institutions, and 236 percent at community colleges. So asking the new parents about how they are going to pay for their kid's college education is not an unreasonable question. It is going to be substantial. If they want their kids to have a chance, they ought to think ahead.  The Schumer amendment thinks ahead. It says: We are going to give you the opportunity to deduct up to $12,000 of the cost of a college education. It also provides a tax credit, I believe, for the payment of interest on student loans, so if you have a loan and you are paying on it, you can deduct up to $1,000, which doubles the amount in the bill.  What the Senator's amendment does is help families realize the American dream. Could there be a better investment for the 21st century than to help families pay for the cost of college education? We know that kids who get a college education are going to make more money in life, probably realize their dreams. We have census statistics that suggest that the value of a college diploma means a 76-percent increase over a high school diploma in the amount of money one is likely to earn. So a young child who is thinking about where they want to go with their future understands it is important to go to college; it is expensive to go to college; but it creates great opportunities as well.  We have done a lot at the Federal level over the last several years to provide a helping hand. We passed a proposal of President Clinton's which was enacted as part of the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997 to establish HOPE scholarships, lifetime learning tax credits, and these help to pay, but the Schumer amendment goes to the heart of it. It says: You get to make the choice where your son or daughter goes to college, working with them, the best school they can get into, and we will help you pay by making the tuition tax deductible.  It is targeted to working families. It starts to phase out for joint filers with a taxable income of over $105,000. I don't think that is an unreasonable level to be speaking of because if you had, for example, two public schoolteachers in the city of Chicago or in the State of Illinois, their combined income as mother and father might be in that range of $105,000. They are not wealthy people. If their son or daughter is going to a university that costs $20- or $25,000 a year, it is a great sacrifice on them and certainly on the children, once they have graduated. The value of this deduction, which can be up to $3,360, depending on the taxpayer's tax bracket, is significant and meaningful. This is available to taxpayers, their spouses, and their dependents.  I am going to yield back my time by urging my colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle to join us, as some already have, to show good, strong, bipartisan support. And if they value, as we do, education in America, if they value the needs of American families to pursue that education, supporting the Schumer amendment is a good vote.  