 I can tell you what the result will be. Because they refused to bring President Bush's bill up to fund the State Department and other critical agencies, they are taking away from their President part of the authority he is asking for Congress to give him to wage this war successfully, part of which obviously has to do with military expenditures, intelligence expenditures. Another has to do with building a global coalition.  What the Republicans have said is: Mr. President, we are not going to stand with you. You can wait for an indeterminate amount of time for an indeterminate reason before we will give you our support.  The Democrats in the Senate are standing with the President. The Republicans in the Senate have shunned him, turned their backs on him. The net result of this, as we delay, is clearly going to be the loss of life. It clearly means that refugee children and others around the world who are waiting for U.S. assistance will not receive it in a timely fashion because of the Republican agenda on the Senate floor. That is certainly unfair to the President. It is certainly inhumane when it comes to these poor children and others around the world.  I sincerely hope that a number of Republican Senators, at the luncheon they are about to have, will stand upwith Senator Stevens and say enough is enough. It is time for us to get behind the President, get the business of the Senate moving forward in a bipartisan fashion again.  I might ask the Senator from Nevada, before I close and yield to others who might ask questions: A similar thing is happening with aviation security, is it not, in the House? This is a bill we passed 100-0. People have come up to me on the street in Chicago, at Marshall Fields department store on Sunday. I was spending a few minutes looking around. A couple fellows asked: Aren't you Senator Durbin? We want to talk to you about aviation security, airport security. And we want to know whether it is safe to fly.  We passed a bill which has sky marshals, which has perimeter security around airports, which professionalizes the screening at airports so we can have confidence that we have the best people with background checks and training and supervision and national standards, just as we had with air traffic controllers, having them working security at airports. That bill has been stopped in the House of Representatives by the majority whip, Tom DeLay of Texas, who objects to the idea of Federal employees being involved. So here in the Senate we can't move the President's bill for foreign operations to deal with our war against terrorism, and over in the House of Representatives they can't move the bill for aviation security.  In both instances, is it not true it is the President's party that is stopping a bill the President is asking for?  