He and Senator Lott, on a bipartisan basis, called together the Members of the Senate for the second straight day to the Senate dining room to discuss the situation on Capitol Hill. I think the decision that has been made for the Senate is the right decision.  I watched some of the television press reports, and I don't think they quite understand what is happening. So there is clarification, to this point, we have found that some 31 people on Capitol Hill have been exposed to anthrax, though there is no evidence of infection. Many others have been tested on a precautionary basis. I have invited my staff and other Members have as well; if they think this is something they would like to do, they are perfectly welcome to it, if they think they might have come in contact with anthrax that was mailed to Senator Daschle's office. Although this is a cause of some concern, it takes literally thousands of these spores to cause the kind of infection that would have to be treated.  The precautions that are being taken are the right precautions. To have the press characterize this, as some television stations have, as an evacuation of Capitol Hill is just plain wrong.  What is going to happen tomorrow in the Senate office buildings, the Hart Building, in which Senator Daschle's office is located, and the two other buildings, Russell and Dirksen, is that we will bring in environmental survey crews which will literally test those buildings to find out if there is any evidence of contamination. The equipment that is being used takes up some space and involves some processing. The decision was made--the right decision--to ask the staff tomorrow to vacate those three office buildings. In the meantime, in the Capitol Building, we will be in business in the Senate. We will be debating issues and voting on them, as we should.  Some of the reports in the press really haven't come to grips with the reality of what we face and how we are reacting. Some have asked, are you overreacting? The honest answer is: The leaders are trying to be as careful as possible for the thousands of people who work here, for the visitors, for the college students who come to volunteer. We are being as careful as possible. Secondly, it is our good fortune this is not a regular occurrence so we don't exactly have a protocol to follow. We are going to be developing one by this experience so we will know what should and should not be done and can give advice after this experience to others. That is valuable. It will help in our public health effort to deal with anthrax or any other threats of bioterrorism.  I remind those who are following this occurrence--and it has been said and should be repeated every time we speak--this anthrax, again, even if you were exposed to it, can be successfully treated with antibiotics so that people should have no fear of losing their lives because of this exposure. Basic treatment by antibiotics can make certain that you don't have any serious outcome because of an infection.  This morning the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tommy Thompson, former Governor of Wisconsin, testified before the Committee on Governmental Affairs. His testimony was excellent. His agency, along with the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control, is trying to envision what needs to be done to protect America. Since September 11, we have a feeling of vulnerability.  Our leaders in Washington, the Senate and the House, and with the President and his administration, are trying to envision those needs to make America's peace of mind return.  I am happy they are ordering the necessary immunizations, the necessary antibiotics, so that if there is a public health need, we will be there.  They are also going to invest in State and local public health sources so we can respond quickly to any questions that are raised. This is a time of testing for America, but it is a time when we will rise to the occasion and pass this test. This country was hit hard on September 11. Because of that, many of us have seen in our churches and synagogues and temples more and more people looking for spiritual guidance. We have seen families come closer together, with a stronger feeling of patriotism. All of this reaches to the spirit of this country, our values and principles.  We will withstand this test and survive. When it is all over, America will have the peace of mind of knowing we have led a global effort to fight terrorism. Whether in the Middle East or homegrown here in the United States, it is all despicable and cowardly. Frankly, we should be the leaders and join our coalition in the successful battle against it. What we are going through on Capitol Hill will be remembered, I am sure, for a long time. I hope what is also remembered is the determination of men and women in the House and Senate, Democrats and Republicans, to stand up proudly and fight for this country.  I yield the floor.  