The Soviet Union launched sputnik into orbit. The space race was on, and we were already behind. Not only were we caught off guard by sputnik, it was suddenly clear that major changes had to be made to preserve our national security and to pull ahead in scientific and technological innovation.  One year later, Congress passed landmark legislation, the National Defense Education Act. The purpose of the act was to ``strengthen the national defense and to encourage and assist in the expansion and improvement of educational program to meet critical national needs.'' The National Defense Education Act provided assistance to State and local school systems to strengthen instruction in science, math, foreign languages, and other critical subjects. It also created low-interest student loan programs and fellowships to open the door to higher education to a greater number of young people. This coordinated national effort helped our Nation meet its goals.  By 1969, Americans had landed on the Moon. The United States was the most technologically advanced Nation in the world. A new generation of highly skilled mathematicians, scientists, and technology experts staffed laboratories, universities, and Federal agencies. Colleges and universities had established centers for foreign language study and research.  Sadly, this Nation received another wake-up call on September 11, 2001.  The week after the attacks, FBI Director Robert Mueller made a public plea for Arabic and Farsi speakers to assist as translators, illustrating the alarming deficiency in fluent speakers of languages crucial to our national security needs. It does our Nation no good to have sophisticated weapons programs if we don't have the scientists to back them up. It does our Nation no good to have expanded intelligence gathering capabilities if what we retrieve sits untranslated. The United States must have the brainpower to match its firepower.  Today I join Senators Thompson and Akaka to introduce two initiatives that serve two important purposes, to meet the immediate needs of the Federal Government in areas of national security, and to make investments in our future through investments in education.  The Homeland Security Federal Workforce Act authorizes funds for key national security agencies to repay student loans for employees in national security positions who pledge to serve for a minimum of three years. This expands the existing loan forgiveness program for Federal employees by permitting these agencies to repay up to $10,000 per year in student loans.  The bill also establishes a National Security Fellowship Program for graduate students who agree to enter Federal service in a position key to national security upon the completion of their degree. The fellowship program will also be open to current Federal employees, encouraging the enhancement and development of their skills.  To give Federal employees more flexibility and experience, the bill creates a National Security Service Corps to allow Federal employees to serve in rotational assignments in other agencies with national security responsibilities.  Along with these immediate remedies, homeland security and preparedness depend on a well-educated citizenry who leave school with the tools they need to succeed in science, math, technology, and foreign languages. Unless broader education reforms are implemented, we will continue to find ourselves playing catch-up to secure the skilled professionals our government needs.  The Homeland Security Education Act would fund partnerships between local school districts and foreign language departments in institutions of higher education. These new foreign language partnerships will provide intensive professional development opportunities for foreign language teachers at every level from kindergarten to 12th grade. The partnerships will foster contact and communication between university faculty and K-12 teachers in order to improve teachers' knowledge of the languages they teach as well as their teaching skills. Partnerships would also use grant funds to recruit foreign language majors to the classroom. Our bill will give priority to partnerships that include high-need school districts and that put a focus on the less-commonly taught languages.  Our bill will encourage more undergraduates to complete degrees in mathematics, science, engineering, and the less-commonly taught foreign languages by establishing a program to forgive the interest on a borrower's student loans if he or she earns a degree in one of these subjects. The program aims to provide an incentive for students who are interested in these areas of study to earn their degrees.  The bill establishes grants for partnerships between school districts and private entities to help schools improve science and math curriculum, upgrade laboratory facilities, and purchase scientific equipment. In turn, the private sector partner will donate technology or equipment to the school district; provide scholarships for district students to study math, science, or engineering at college; establish internship or mentoring opportunities for district students; or sponsor programs aimed at young people who are under-represented in the fields of math, science, and engineering.  In order to stay on top of innovations in science and technology, more professionals in these fields will have to also be proficient in a foreign language. This is imperative to our national security, even some scientific documents and articles in the public domain are beyond the translation capabilities of our government. The Homeland Security Education Act would make grants available to colleges and universities to establish programs in which students take courses in science, math and technology taught in a foreign language. Funds will also support immersion programs for students to take science and math courses in a non-English speaking country.  The Homeland Security Education Act authorizes $20 million for the National Flagship Language Initiative, which was funded as a one-year pilot program in this year's Defense Appropriations bill. The funds will be used to provide institutional grants to universities to graduate specific numbers of students with the foreign language proficiencies needed by the government. Participating institutions will make available a negotiated number of slots to student applicants who are Federal employees.  With these bills, we hope to address some of the gaps in homeland security that have been identified by numerous experts and panels, including the Hart-Rudman Commission on National Security in the 21st century. We must do everything possible to ensure that our intellectual preparedness is equal to that of our military preparedness. Without these investments, we may find that the war against terrorism is unwinnable, and our status in the global community severely diminished.  Our Nation has demonstrated that we have the moral resolve to fight a war to end terrorism. We must match that resolve with the willingness make investments in education and training that will pay off well into the next century.  