President, I would like to respond to the statements that have been made by my friend from Iowa, as well as the Senator from Pennsylvania. I think the Senator from Iowa realizes the honest measurement of the size of the Federal Government is the proportion of the gross domestic product--the total value of goods and services in America--against the amount we spend in the Federal Government.  When President Bush's father left office, we were spending 22 percent of our gross domestic product on the Federal Government. During the Clinton years, that was reduced to 18 percent. We have seen a steady decline in the size of Government against the size of America's economy.  We have to ask ourselves: Is this a trend which we should criticize? I think not. It is a good trend. We have shown we can be more efficient, but when the Senator from Iowa stands before us and supports plans, as I do, for a prescription drug benefit under Medicare, that will be more Federal spending. He and I will support that. We believe the seniors and disabled across America are entitled to it.  We have to make sure we reserve enough money, in terms of what our plans are for tax cuts and deficits and debt reduction, so we can still make investments to make sure there is a prescription drug benefit under Medicare.  Let me add another point. The Senator from Iowa understands as well as anyone that we are going to face a balloon payment in Social Security and Medicare when the baby boomers all show up. If we do not make plans right now to protect Medicare and Social Security, we will find ourselves without the resources to take care of these people. We made a promise that throughout their working lives, if they paid into Social Security and Medicare, it would be there when they needed it. We are not providing for that with President Bush's tax cut. In fact, in order to fund his tax cut, he has to reach into the Medicare trust fund and take out money. If you take the money out of this trust fund, it will not be there when the baby boomers show up. The balloon payment will be there.  We will have to pay it to keep our contract with the American people, and the President's tax cut and his strategy will have eaten up the Medicare trust fund.  Senator Conrad of North Dakota is going to offer an amendment to protect the Medicare trust fund, and Members on both sides of the aisle will have a chance to stand up and say: We are not going to raid the Medicare trust fund to pay for President Bush's tax cut. I am anxious to see how that vote comes out.  If Members of Congress believe as strongly as I do about protecting Medicare and Social Security, then they should vote in favor of Senator Conrad's amendment, which will be offered this afternoon.  