I hope this commission is going to be more objective in the way they deal with the Social Security Program. All of us understand that Social Security cannot go on indefinitely, that it needs help, and that we need to make the appropriate investments to make sure that Social Security is there for generations to come.  It is the most broadly based and most successful social program in the United States. Social Security gives to retirees the safety net they need to live a life of comfort. Along with Medicare, these are the two things that retirees really count on in America.  I am concerned about the draft interim report by President Bush's commission which is supposed to look to the future of Social Security. The report makes many misleading assertions in an attempt to convince the public that Social Security is on the verge of collapse. I hope that any commission entrusted with the challenge of strengthening Social Security will carefully consider all options for reform. Unfortunately, this commission has been charged only with the task of how to convert Social Security into a system of private accounts, not with the careful study of whether or not this is the right thing to do.  Let me give you an example. If you wanted to invest in a mutual fund today, you would generally find there is a minimum investment. Why is there a minimum investment? Because there is an administrative overhead cost to that investment. Unless you put in $500 or $1,000 or $2,000, it really does not warrant the administrative cost. Think about it in terms of individuals who decide they want to invest $100 a month, let's say, of their Social Security check into a private investment. Administrative costs come with each of those investments, and that has to be taken into account in the real world.  Secondly, we have seen yesterday--and we have seen over the last year--that although the stock market can be very generous to those who invest in it, it can also be very cruel. And any who happen to have invested in the last year, making retirement dependent on their investments, will have to think twice about it because things have not gone well in a lot of indices, whether it is the Dow Jones or the S 500.  So those who think the stock market will always go up, historically they are right, it has always gone up, but there are peaks and valleys. If you should happen to make the investment of your Social Security retirement fund at a point when we are in an economic valley in the stock market, you may find all you counted on is not there when you need it. That is an important consideration.  There has also been a consideration that some 2 percent of Social Security would be invested in these private investments. Because it is a pay-as-you-go system, that could require cuts of up to 40 percent in the benefits under Social Security or increases in Social Security payroll taxes.  So what I would say to the President's commission is: Give us your alternative in its entirety, give us your program, get beyond the principles and the theories. Tell us how you are going to pay for this. If we are going to move to private investment and private accounts, show us how this will work.  This program of Social Security, created in the days of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, was one many people branded as socialism. Many predecessors of the folks on the other side of the aisle voted against it because they thought it was an experiment in which America should not be involved. History has proven them wrong. Social Security is important. But those of us who serve today in the Senate and the House have an important responsibility to serve that legacy well, to make certain that Social Security and Medicare are here for many years to come.  We can make Social Security stronger, and we can guarantee to successive generations that safety net will be there, but we have to be prudent and careful in the way we approach it.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  (