 Really, after the President's speech last night, the question most people in America are asking is, Can we have it all? Frankly, last night the President said: Yes, we can have it all. We can have a tax cut for the wealthiest people in America. They receive 43 percent of the Bush tax cut. Sadly, there are literally millions of families that receive no benefit from the President's tax cut. They are people who pay a payroll tax and not an income tax. They are taxed families. They need relief. They need help with heating bills and paying education and health care expenses. There is no help for them in the President's tax cut package.  We on the Democratic side believe we have to take a sensible, fiscally responsible approach to this. We have been down this road before. It was not that many years ago that we were deep into deficits. We had these deficits that now have accumulated into a national mortgage, a national debt of $5.7 trillion. It is still there. When the President says we are going to pay off $2 trillion on the national debt, the debt is $5.7 trillion.  We on the Democratic side believe that we have a responsibility to continue to bring down that debt even more. We collect $1 billion in taxes a day--every day--to pay interest on the old debt. It does not educate a child, pay for a teacher, or make America's defense stronger. It is money paid to bondholders all over the world who own America's mortgage.  We believe the President, in saying he would spend $2 trillion in paying down the debt, has really broken a promise. If he is going to keep the promise that Congress has made to keep Social Security first, to protect the Social Security and Medicare trust funds, the $2 trillion paydown does not do it. In fact, it requires the President, under his projections, to reach into the Social Security and Medicare trust funds to create his so-called rainy day fund. I do not think that is going to work.  As someone said yesterday, if a businessperson wanted to reach in the pension plan of his employees for someother purpose, he would find himself in a Federal institution, and it would not be the White House. In this situation, we believe that paying down that debt and protecting the Social Security and Medicare trust funds is really a solemn obligation and a first priority.  We also believe that if there is to be a tax cut, it should not be one that primarily benefits the wealthy and leaves millions of families behind. We believe there should be a tax cut for everyone in this country. And we believe the tax cut should be fair. If you talk about 43 percent of his tax cut going to the top 1 percent in income, these are people who make over $319,000 a year. People who have an income of over $25,000 a month receive the most benefit from President Bush's tax cut.  I would like to see our tax cut be something we can afford, something that is sensible, consistent with debt reduction, consistent with important investments in this country, and one that really focuses on families.  I just did a radio talk show with WLS Radio in Chicago. They asked me: What are you thinking about when you talk about these families? I said: I think about a couple who are Chicago public school teachers, and their combined income might be $100,000 a year. I do not consider them to be a wealthy family. They are the type of family that struggles with mortgage payments and school expenses and all the things that go with bringing up a family.  If we focus our attention on people with family incomes below $100,000 and say these are the folks who need a helping hand, that is a sensible starting point. Yes, there will be a tax break for the wealthiest among us, but why should they take 43 percent of the total tax cut?  People believe they are overtaxed. I think we can help them. In time of surplus, we should help them. We also should help them to understand that we want America's economy to start moving again. We hope this slowdown will come to an end soon, that we will turn away from this downturn, or recession, or whatever it might be, and once again get on the path of prosperity on which we have been for the last 8 or 10 years. If we are going to return to that path, we have to make the right decisions now. The President's tax cut, sadly, is not the right decision.  Unfortunately, he will spend over 90 percent of the projected surplus over the next 10 years on this tax cut and leave little or nothing for prescription drug benefits under Medicare, for investments in education, for expanding health insurance coverage for more American families, or for putting more money in our national defense.  We cannot have it all. Last night the President told us: You can have it all. You can give a tax cut to the wealthiest in America, primarily; you can go ahead and spend all this money I am promising and everything is going to be fine.  Those of us who have studied the history of our Nation know that sometimes the most pleasing and appealing political promises don't pay off for America. I am afraid what the President has proposed is just such a promise.  I understand the President is now going out, touring America, to sell the idea of a tax cut. I can't imagine this political assignment. The President has to convince America we need a tax cut. If the President were going out trying to sell a tax increase, I could understand it. That is a tough job. You have to explain the circumstances and try to convince the American people you are right. Here he is, trying to sell the American people on the idea of a tax cut. They are reluctant; they are not buying it. They want to have some questions answered.  One of the questions they ask is, How do you know we are going to have a surplus? If we are not going to have a surplus next year, 5 years, 10 years from now, why would you change the Tax Code in a permanent way and give a tax cut that gives away a surplus that you are not sure of? That is a valid question.  What it boils down to is that a lot of people think the President is gambling with the economy on budget predictions that are no more reliable than weather forecasts. These people who make these predictions have been wrong in the past, consistently wrong. Many of us believe we should deal with a tax cut and a spending program phased in to make sure there is always enough money for America's priorities, priorities such as Social Security, Medicare, education--to make certain that if we have a surplus, the tax cut is really shared by all Americans and does not go just to the wealthiest among us.  We are facing a balloon payment in Social Security in just a few years. The baby boomers are going to turn up at the Social Security window. When they do, there will be a lot of them, a lot more than we have ever had in our history. If you know that balloon payment is coming, should you not plan ahead?  Remember what the President said last night. He is going to appoint a Social Security commission to look into the future of Social Security.  Time out. He appoints the commission after he has already announced the tax cut. He will have used up the surplus and then said to the commission: How are we going to take care of Social Security? Wouldn't responsible leadership suggest we do it just the opposite, that we have a Social Security evaluation or commission, decide what we are going to need, and make sure the money is there, that if there is a surplus, it will be there for Social Security and for Medicare, and then decide if, with the remaining surplus, we can afford a tax cut? Not so. The President wants the tax cut first. That is the mistake he is making.  It also troubles me that after all of the years or promising that the Social Security and Medicare trust funds would be sacred and inviolate, the President's approach calls for taking out $1 trillion from these trust funds. That is going to be a hard sell. Somebody said: Is the President going to be grabbing the third rail of politics if he does that? I think he will.  Many of us on both sides of the aisle believe you do not play with the Social Security trust fund. This is part of a sacred contract, a promise we made to people, an investment that today's wage earners are making in a trust fund so the money will be there when they need it as well.  Taking money out of the trust fund, as the President's proposal would lead us to, to create a rainy day fund or whatever it is is not going to fly. Congress is going to resist it. We are going to insist that those trust funds be protected.  On Medicare, the President, unfortunately, has not proposed any new spending. These baby boomers and others who retire count on Medicare to pay for their health care bills. If we don't take Medicare seriously, we will find ourselves facing budget shortfalls in that critical program, and 40 million Americans today and even more in the future will wonder whether or not there are adequate funds in Medicare to pay for their medical expenses.  In making this commitment to our future, we have to talk sense to the American people. Maybe we won't say the most popular things on Capitol Hill, maybe we won't hold out the prospect of the big tax cut immediately, but we do believe that a tax cut is something we can support, as Democrats and as Republicans, once we put it all in perspective. The perspective is, what is a realistic projection, a realistic prediction in terms of the surplus we are going to have? What is the safe way each year to decide how much we can afford to put in a tax cut? How can we take care of other priorities such as paying down this national debt in a systematic way, a way that brings us to a point where we can say to our children: We just burned the mortgage. It is your America now, mortgage free. Make your own plans for your own future, and you won't have to compete with the Federal Government when it comes to interest rates, because we are not borrowing money any longer for a $5.7 trillion national debt. We are not competing with you when you want a mortgage for your home or a loan for your car or your credit bills, whatever it is.  These things are good for the future of this country. Although they may not be as popular as the two words ``tax cut,'' they offer things Americans will look forward to.  When it comes to education, people always say: That is our highest priority. If it is our highest priority, are we willing to set goals for this Nation and live up to them? Are we willing tosay that the schoolday our children live through each day should be a complete day that is positive and constructive, that from the moment those children are left at school until they can be returned to a parent, they are going to be in a positive, safe, and learning environment?  That isn't the case today in schools across America. Children are turned loose at 2:30, 3, 3:30 in the afternoon, long before their parents come home. Afterschool programs should be part of a schoolday. Maybe it will not be tutorials for kids who are doing well. It might be enrichment classes or art classes or music classes--even sports, for that matter--but something that is constructive and positive. America's schools should reflect America's families.  When we talk about a vision for the 21st century in education, our schools have to be part of that vision. They ought to be safe buildings, too. In my home State of Illinois, we have many great school districts but a lot of them where the schools are just crumbling around the students. Schools are not what they should be so the students are able to learn in a safe, clean, and healthy environment. The Federal Government should make that investment with the States, with the local school districts, to make those schools safer.  In the classrooms themselves, our teachers are facing a lot of challenges. I think about how little I know about computers, though I tried to learn a little bit more. I wonder if I could ever teach a course in computers even to a youngster. Most kids know a lot more about computers than I do. If our teachers are going to be able to use computers and teach our kids technology that will make their lives more meaningful, teachers need training and opportunities and they need adequate pay. We should treat them as the professionals they are and hold our schools accountable.  I agree with the President on this: Let's make sure our schools are productive. If we have testing, it is a good way to see whether or not the kids are making progress. I believe in tests. The President was right last night: You can overdo it in teaching to a test. However, if you are teaching to a standard of learning so that a child can move to the next grade successfully, I support it. We did it throughout my school career many years ago, and we do it now in the city of Chicago and across the State of Illinois.  It makes sense; I support the President's proposal, but if we are to leave no child behind, if we are going to invest in education as we should, then certainly we have to step back and say, is this tax cut of $1.6 trillion--primarily for the wealthiest people in this country--the first thing America needs in the 21st century?  I don't believe it is. I think the first thing we need to do is carefully look at the books, see what is on hand, and then a tax cut across the board for all families, pay down the national debt, and invest in these priorities--Social Security, Medicare, and education.  Finally, I will mention the issue of health insurance. It is almost disgraceful that at this moment in our history, with our prosperity, over 43 million Americans have no health insurance at all. I can't imagine getting up and going to work as the head of a household with a family without the protection of some type of health insurance. Yet we know that happens day after day.  I was glad to see the National Governors' Association come together in Washington this last week. They are proposing changes in Medicaid--changes that could lead to universal coverage so that every family in America would at least have a primary health insurance plan. I think we ought to move in that direction--not a Government plan or a Government-run program but a program that opens up to private health insurance sources and others so we can allow people to have that basic protection and peace of mind.  That is not the case today. As a consequence, many kids in America go without immunization. People with basic care who can live a long period of time don't have the chance. I am sorry that the President's speech last night really didn't address this. I think if the President, as he moves around and talks to working families, sits down and asks families about their priorities, they will tell him that health care is one of the most important, and that they are worried about the cost and availability of it.  The last point is this. Last night the President brought in from Philadelphia a family who seemed to be two people who were working very hard to make a good living. We stood and applauded them as the President described them as a ``typical American family.'' I am glad they were with us as a reminder of why many of us serve in the Senate and in the House of Representatives. The President said this lower income family is going to need the help of a tax break. I think lower income families do need the help of a tax break.  I remind the President and his party that for the last 6 years they have consistently resisted every effort to raise the minimum wage in America. It has been stuck at $5.15 an hour for 14 million Americans. So if we have sympathy for these families, if we value hard work, if we believe in the dignity that comes with those activities, for goodness' sake, why aren't we increasing the minimum wage? We have waited too long. That wage is continuing to deteriorate because of inflation, and we should be sensitive to it.  I hope as we get into this tax cut discussion we will not forget the basis--that is, that these folks who get up every morning and go to work, to clean off the tables in restaurants, make the beds in hotels, tend to our parents and grandparents in nursing homes, to be there to make sure the workplace is safe for kids in day-care centers, are the people making $5.15 an hour.  The Republican Party has resisted for 5 years now every effort to raise that minimum wage. For that family in Philadelphia, for 350,000 Illinois families that are working for a minimum wage, I implore the President and the Republican Party not only to think of tax cuts but to think about increasing the minimum wage to show that they value work, as we all should in America.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  