President, I rise today to call attention to one of the issues we face in protecting our water, our taxpayers, and our public lands. I am talking about the need to strengthen environmental mining regulations or so-called 3809 regulations.  These regulations protect lands managed by the Bureau of Land Management from the impacts of mining for minerals such as gold and copper. Earlier this year, the Clinton administration made long overdue revisions to the regulations after years of public comments, congressional hearings, and reports and evaluations.  Despite the thorough input, the Department of the Interior announced in March that they were going to roll back the updated 3809 regulations. What they were really rolling back are stronger protections for our environment and public health.  My colleagues in the House recognized the importance of maintaining strong environmental mining regulations. With bipartisan support, the House voted to prohibit the administration from overturning the updated regulations. I fully support the House in their effort and hope the Senate will accept the House language in conference.  Let me clarify the three major issues at risk.  First, the new rules would direct mining operators to protect water quality. This is a serious problem for the hardrock mining industry. Just last May, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency recognized the industry as the Nation's largest toxic polluter. The Bureau of Mines estimated that 12,000 miles of streams are polluted by hard rock mining.  Second, the old rules were not interpreted to allow land managers to deny mining operations in environmentally or culturally sensitive areas. The updated regulations would allow the BLM to deny mining operations that would endanger towns or national parks.  Of course, the mining industry is opposed to any authority that would curtail mining operations. Based on their strong opposition one would think that every mining operation will be banned.  But the BLM has publicly and repeated stated that they would ``rarely invoke'' this authority. And before they would ever use this authority they would provide full opportunities for evaluation and public comment.  This provision is not about shutting down mining businesses. I recognize that they have a role to play in our economy. This provision is about responsible hardrock mining and responsible business practices.  Third, the old regulations too often allowed mining companies to declare bankruptcy after they finished mining, leaving taxpayers to pay for the cleanup. Independent reports show that taxpayers have a potential liability in excess of $1 billion for cleanup costs at current hardrock mining operations.  Keep in mind that these mining operations are taking place on public lands owned by Americans--lands owned by taxpayers. Too many times the people who come into these lands mine them for profit, making rather substantial profits in the process, pay little or nothing to the Federal Government for that right, and leave a mess to be cleaned up afterwards. When they leave that mess, the taxpayers have lost twice: First, when public lands have been exploited for profit; and, second, when those despoiled lands remain for the taxpayers to clean up.  To the administration's credit, they have acknowledged the importance of strengthening the financial requirements. But 33 percent was a failing grade where I went to school.  I recognize the need for a healthy mining industry. Under stronger mining regulations we will have a healthy, environmentally responsible mining industry that does not sacrifice the interest of communities for the interest of profit.  As my colleagues prepare to conference on the Interior appropriations bill, I urge them to support the hard rock mining language as it passed in the House.  