There was an old saying during debate of the Clean Air Act, a belief that once we established standards for clean air in America, it was said as a result of that Government decision, the people in the automobile industry in Japan went out and hired an army of engineers to figure out how to make their cars cleaner and more fuel efficient.  The people in charge of the American automobile industry went out and hired an army of lawyers to fight the regulations at every possible level. That is an oversimplification.  But I want to say to the Senator from North Dakota that 8 years ago, during the Clinton-Gore administration they said to Detroit: We want you to sit down and work on a more fuel-efficient automobile that is safe for families. We are prepared to make certain that you do not run afoul of any antitrust violations. We want you to come together, the big three, put your heads together with your best creative talent and come up with that automobile, come up with that SUV, come up with that truck. They gave them that assignment. They moved forward with it and they hoped for the best.  Let's take a look at where we are today. Today the only vehicle I know of that is on the road that offers fuel economy over 50 miles a gallon in a car that is of normal size is, sadly, from Toyota Motor Company. It is a model called the Prius. They have a 5-month waiting list of people who want to buy this car which combines electric power with a gas engine and gives much greater fuel economy.  Detroit announced last week that they will have a competitor for the Toyota Prius in about 3 or 4 years.  You have to ask yourself, what is going on here? If this country, with all its creative talent and technological skill, cannot come up with a product, an automobile, a truck, an SUV, that is safe and fuel efficient, what are we missing?  I think what we are missing is the guidance and leadership and direction from the top. We cannot just say let market forces come to work because if market forces come to work, we are going to get scooped time and time again by someone with more vision. Sadly, in this case it happens to be a foreign automobile manufacturer.  I ask the Senator from North Dakota if part of this energy debate should not include incentives for those who are making the automobiles and the trucks and other vehicles to come up with more fuel-efficient vehicles so we can have safe vehicles that also reduce our need for foreign oil.  