President, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  I asked the Senator from Texas if he was on the conference because it raises an interesting point. The amendment which has been filed on the floor today would allow individuals to deduct the cost of their health insurance if they are self-employed--small businesses and family farmers--100-percent deductibility. It is something that is not only right and fair, but it is something that is already available if you work for a corporation.  It is a position I have supported throughout my congressional career in the House and in the Senate. It is a provision I feel so strongly about that I offered it as an amendment to the tax bill a month ago at a time when we had $1.3 trillion to give away in tax breaks. I said, For goodness' sake, let's do something about health insurance for the self-employed, for small businesses, and for farmers. It was adopted on the floor of the Senate. It then went into this misty world of a conference committee, of which the Senator from Texas was a nominal conferee. I don't know if he was at this meeting when it got into the room and was controlled by the Republicans. This same provision was removed from the tax bill.  The Senator from Texas said there just wasn't enough money to go around. The tax bill gave 40 percent of its benefits to people making over $300,000 a year. They are arguing today that they didn't have enough money to help a small businessman trying to pay for insurance for himself and his spouse and for his employees. They did not have enough money to take care of every family farmer struggling to pay their health insurance.  It raises a question of credibility, for you see what happened was this: This amendment before us today has been filed in the Senate. This is the amendment which was filed on the tax bill. It is identical. What did the Republican majority do with this amendment on the tax bill? They filed it as well. That was the end of that amendment.  Now they come to us today and say this is what health care is really all about. A month ago they weren't for it. A month ago, when they were in control of the situation with $1.3 trillion, they couldn't find $2 billion to take care of this problem. But today they have religion. Today they bring us the amendment. Why this conversion? Why this newfound faith in this issue?  Let's get down to the bottom line. What is this debate really about?  This Patients' Bill of Rights has been buried in a committee by the health insurance industry. They do not want it to come to the floor. They don't want it to pass. They do not want to say that doctors and nurses and hospitals make medical decisions. The health insurance industry wants to continue to make the decisions. And it was buried in committee until 2 weeks ago when control of the Senate Chamber changed.  When Tom Daschle became majority leader, he announced that the first item on the agenda for the Democrats was to bring this bill out of committee, put it on the floor, debate it, and vote on it. That wasn't even on the Republican agenda. Now it is before us, and they are trying to find everything under God's heaven to stop this bill. So they have come up with this.  They want to put a tax provision in this bill--a provision which they canned in conference just a month ago. Now they want to revive it and stick it on this bill, hoping it will bog down with budgetary objections and bog down in the Finance Committee and in the Ways and Means Committee which has jurisdiction. They want to stop this bill. They cannot stand the thought that these health insurance companies might lose. They are arguing that it really isn't about the rights of individuals under health insurance, it is really about deductibility of health insurance premiums on our taxes. Well, it isn't.  That is an important issue. It is one I have believed in for as long as I have been in Congress.  This debate is equally if not more important. It is a question about whether or not your doctor can make medical decisions for you and your family or whether his or her decision will be overridden by an insurance company clerk with a high school education 1,000 miles away.  That is the real world, my friends. That is what is happening across America. I can give you chapter and verse in Illinois. Every one of my colleagues can join me.  The second issue is one that really strikes at the heart of it. The Republicans can't stand the thought and the possibility that health insurance companies will be held accountable for their misconduct. We are held accountable. Individuals, families, businesses, and corporations in America can be brought into court if they are guilty of wrongdoing. But there is one privileged class in America. There is one special royalty in America--that business, HMOs and health insurance.  When they deny you coverage under your health insurance policy, when they do not let you in the hospital and they are wrong, and you come away permanently disabled, or someone in your family dies, they cannot be hauled into court and held accountable.  This bipartisan bill which we support would bring them to court and hold them accountable, as every other business in America is held accountable. And the Republicans can't stand it. So they have come with this amendment to the floor. They want to divert our attention from things they forgot about a month ago. They know better.  We ought to defeat this amendment and pass this legislation.  