President, I want to address in morning business an issue, which will be the focus of debate in the Senate for the next 2 weeks. Many times our debates in this Chamber are about issues that a lot of people across America wonder what can this possibly mean to me, my family, or my future. This debate, believe me, will affect every single one of us.  What we do--whether we pass a law or fail to pass a law--can have a direct impact on everyone witnessing this debate and virtually everyone living in this country. What could that issue possibly be? Health care. It is about whether or not our health insurance will be there when we need it.  Yesterday in Springfield, IL, my hometown, I had a press conference. I invited three local doctors and two local nurses to talk about health care today. They came and told stories which were chilling, stories of their efforts to provide quality medical care to the people of my hometown and how time and again they ran into roadblocks, obstacles, and barriers from HMOs, and other health insurance companies, which tried to overrule medical decisions.  A cardiologist who came forward said: I brought a person into my office who was complaining of pain, thinking he suffered a heart attack. I was prepared to provide emergency care and I did, only to learn that his health insurance company would not pay me because I did not happen to be in their network. This person who showed up at my office, afraid he was going to die, was supposed to read his health insurance policy, look for the appropriate doctor, and make an appointment.  That is the reality of dealing with HMOs and health insurance companies today.  A lady who is an OB/GYN in my hometown talked about women under her care preparing to deliver a baby who, because the employer of that woman changed health insurance companies, were told in the closing days of the pregnancy that she could no longer be treated by her obstetrician, but had to go to a new doctor, an approved doctor, someone who had never seen her during the course of her pregnancy simply because this health insurance company thought it could save a dollar by referring this care to a different obstetrician.  The cases went on and on and on. Frankly, it should not come as a surprise. We have known for years that HMOs, health maintenance organizations, are really cost containment organizations. Their job is to reduce the cost of health care. What is secondary in their consideration is really quality medical care that all of us count on when we go to a doctor or a hospital or rely on a nurse's advice. That has been the casualty in this debate.  Yesterday, in Springfield, IL, these health professionals came forward. They joined ranks with 500 organizations which have endorsed a bill we will begin debating today on the floor of the Senate. Let me add just a postscript to that--I hope we will begin debating it today. Yesterday we tried to take up this bill, to talk about a Patients' Bill of Rights. There was an objection from the Republican side of the aisle. They wanted more time.  I suggest to those who are following this debate, this particular issue has been debated for a long time. In 1973, the Health Maintenance Organization Act became law, allowing employers to offer managed care insurance options. That was 28 years ago.  In 1995, our current President, then Governor George Bush, vetoed a Texas bill providing protection for HMO patients.  By 1996, the first Federal law regulating private insurance, this one allowing workers to keep coverage when changing their jobs, opened the door to patients' rights. The battle went on from there.  We have known for years that we need to provide patients and their families and people working for businesses across America the protection of a Patients' Bill of Rights. What we have before us today, what we will be debating this week, is a bipartisan Patients' Bill of Rights. Senator John McCain, a leading Republican, is one of the leading sponsors of this bill; Senators Arlen Specter and Lincoln Chafee also Republicans support the bill as well; and virtually every Democratic Senator. On the House side the same can be said. Republican leaders, as well as Democrats, and some 60 Republicans voted for this bill when it came up.  So this is a bill that has been here for a long time. It is a bill that now has strong bipartisan support, and it has been subjected to a lot of give and take and compromise to come up with a reasonable approach. Yet still we run into the obstacles that are being presented by its opponents, the major opponents, of course, the health maintenance organizations.  Why are they opposed to this bill? Why don't they want to create a Patients' Bill of Rights? Frankly, they think it is going to cost them in terms of their profits. They don't want to give up the rights they have to make life-and-death decisions and overrule doctors and nurses to save a buck. That is what this debate comes down to.  If you happen to visit Washington, DC, and turn on television, you are likely to see their television advertising. These HMOs are going to dump millions of dollars into advertising, trying to tell the people across America that giving you the right to have your doctor make a medical decision is not in your best interests, that they are the ones who should be entrusted with our health care, they are the ones who should make the call in life-or-death decisions when it comes to medical treatment, when it comes to prescription drugs that are necessary to sustain your life. They say, frankly, we don't need a Patients' Bill of Rights.  That is understandable, because do you know what is at issue here? What is at issue here is accountability. We just finished 7 weeks of debate about education. The key word in that debate was ``accountability.'' People should be held accountable, students by tests, teachers by the results of those tests, principals--everyone to be held accountable. But when it comes to health care, the HMOs do not want to be held accountable. They believe they should take their profits and not be accountable.  Let's take a step back and look at the big picture. Who in the United States can be held accountable for their conduct in a court of law? Frankly, all of us--every individual, every family, every business--with only two exceptions. There are two special classes in the United States who cannot be brought into court and held accountable for their wrongdoing:  One, diplomats. You have heard of those cases. Diplomats who come to the United States, get involved in traffic accidents, and race away to their home country, never having to face a court of law. That happens to be part of a treaty. We are stuck with it.  What is the second special and privileged class in America that cannot be held accountable for its wrongdoing? HMOs, health insurance companies. That is right. If they make a decision denying you coverage and you suffer bodily injury or die as a result of it, the HMO or the health insurance company cannot be sued. That is why they oppose the Patients' Bill of Rights. They want to maintain their special status.  The HMOs think they are royalty in this country, that they should be above the law. I disagree with that completely. This bipartisan Patient Protection Act protects all patients across America. It doesn't pick and choose like the Republican alternative. It says that you should have access to specialists. If your doctor says your son or daughter has cancer and that a pediatric oncologist is the right person for your child, that should be the final word. You should not leave it to some bean counter, some accountant, some clerk in an insurance company 100 miles away.  It says you should be able to go out of network for a specialist. In other words, if the HMO does not have that doctor on the list, that should not be the deciding factor when determining who is the best doctor for your wife or your husband when they are facing a serious illness.  Care coordination, standing referrals--all of these mean that you can get good health.  Coverage for clinical trials. Clinical trials are efforts a lot of people get into when they receive a diagnosis of a condition or disease that might otherwise be incurable. They take a drug that is being tested by the Food and Drug Administration to see how it might apply to your cancer, your heart disease, your special problem. A lot of insurance companies say: We will not pay for clinical trials, you are on your own. Well, who can pay for it? Who in their right mind can say an average person in an average family in America can pay the tens of thousands of dollars necessary for life-or-death treatment in a clinical trial?  That is what is at issue here; that is what is behind this bill. The Patients' Bill of Rights say these insurance companies must cover the clinical trials that are necessary to save your life.  What about coverage for emergency care? Imagine your son falls out of a tree in the backyard and breaks his arm while you are visiting somebody, and you race to the nearest hospital only to learn they cannot treat you because you don't happen to be on the approved list for your health insurance. Who in the world is going to carry their health insurance policy around in the glove compartment of their car to find out which is the hospital that the HMO will allow you to go to? When it comes to emergency care, people should not be second-guessed. You go where you need to go when you are in an emergency situation. You should not have to face some insurance company clerk who is second-guessing that.  Direct access to OB/GYN providers--I mentioned the illustration in Springfield.  Access to doctor-prescribed drugs. Do you know what the HMOs do? They put down a list of drugs for which they will pay. They pick and choose the ones where they get the deepest discounts from the pharmaceutical companies. So you come in with a problem and your doctor takes a look and says: This is the drug. You need it. Is a breakthrough drug, and it is available, and I think I can get it for you. I say: Doctor, is it expensive? And he says it is because it is new, but it is just what you need. Then he says: Will your company cover this? Is it on their approved list, their formulary?  Sadly, a lot of HMOs have picked a list that doesn't include all the good drugs a doctor can prescribe. The Patients' Bill of Rights says the doctor has the last word. If this is the right drug that can cure your disease and give you a good life, you should not have to get into a debate or an appeals process with an HMO or a health insurance company over it.  Finally, access to point-of-service plans. We have to make certain that people across America, when they need access to good health care, have it. The HMOs and health insurance companies that put up these obstacles should not have the final word.  This is the debate we are about to have for the next 2 weeks. This is what the Senate will focus on. Is there anything more important than our health? What would you give up for your health? I don't think anyone would give up anything for their health. That is the most important thing in your life. Now we face an onslaught of opposition from the HMOs and the health insurance companies that say no to the Patients' Bill of Rights.  I salute Senator Tom Daschle, the majority leader, because he said this at a rally that we just held on the steps of the U.S. Capitol. He said the Senate will stay in session until we pass a Patients' Bill of Rights. He has given notice to all of us in the Senate: Put on hold your Fourth of July parades and your picnics back at the ranch. We are all talking about staying here and getting the job done.  There are going to be fireworks on The Mall, if you want to stick aroundhere and you don't want to pass a Patients' Bill of Rights. We can look out the back window here, skip the parades and picnics, and stay at work until we pass a Patients' Bill of Rights. I guarantee, you may or may not see fireworks on The Mall, but we will see fireworks on the floor of the Senate because the HMOs and health insurance companies are not going to give up easily. They are going to fight us every step of the way.  Who are on the different sides in this debate? On one side are 550 health organizations and consumer organizations, standing for families and individuals across America--doctors and nurses and consumer groups.  Who is on the other side, opposing our bill? One group, and one group only, the HMOs, the health insurance companies. They know what is at stake here. What is at stake is their profit, and they are going to fight us tooth and nail to try to stop this bill.  I can guarantee this. We are going to fight for a real Patients' Bill of Rights, not a bill of goods. We are not going to pass some phony law and say to America we have solved your problem. We are going to fight and stay here for this fight until we pass it. For everyone who witnesses this debate, I cannot think of a more important topic for us to face.  