President, I seek recognition as in morning business to address the Senate in reference to the state of the economy. I think most of us have read the press reports about what happened to the stock market yesterday. We certainly hope that was an anomaly and that it will not continue and that our economy rebounds quickly from what apparently has gone beyond a soft landing and is now headed toward what appears to be a harder landing.  The news out of my home State of Illinois is not encouraging. This morning, Motorola announced it is cutting 7,000 more jobs in its cellular phone division, increasing to 12,000 the number it will have eliminated in operations since December. These reductions to its global workforce of more than 130,000 will take place over the next two quarters.  We have seen this phenomenon not just at Motorola but at other industries across America. It raises a very important question about our responsibility in Washington to respond to what is clearly an economic challenge, if not more.  I hope we in the Senate, as well as the House, working with the President, can take the current debate over a tax cut and make it part of a much larger question about economic growth in America. What is our plan? What are we, as a nation, prepared to do to turn around this economy and to start it moving forward again?  We have just come off an extraordinary period of time when the economy of the United States reached record-breaking prosperity numbers, where we had some 22 million jobs created over the last 10 years. Some 2 million more businesses were created over the last 10 years, with more home ownership than any time in our history, with inflation under control, the welfare rolls coming down, and the number of violent crimes committed across America decreasing. All of the positive things we want to see in America occurred during the last 8 or 10 years.  But we seem to have taken a turn in the road. I am sorry to report that these numbers coming out of Motorola, and employers across America, as well as the Dow Jones index, and other stock indices, suggest to us we need to step back for a second and ask, What is right for this country?  The economic prosperity we knew for so long has now been challenged. The feeling of optimism in America, which really had us in its thrall for such a long period of time, is now changing dramatically. We have seen $5 trillion of economic value that has been wiped out in the last few months because of this economic downturn. When I say $5 trillion wiped out, what am I talking about? I am talking about the pension plans, the 401(k)s, the IRAs, the savings, the mutual funds of families across America have all taken a plunge. My family has experienced this just as every other family.  We know our value, our net worth in terms of what we have saved and what we hope to have for our future, has been diminished. The question, obviously, before us is, What are we going to do in response.  I think the President has focused almost exclusively on one idea, and that idea is a tax cut. The general idea of a tax cut is popular. It is hard to think of two words that a politician can utter that would be more popular. But, clearly, the President is having a tough time closing the deal. To think that a President has to go out on a nationwide rally, crusade, campaign, to convince the American people of a tax cut suggests that it may not be as easy as it appears to him.  People across America are skeptical of a tax cut that is based on projections of surpluses that may not occur for 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, or 10 years. They understand this idea of a tax cut was actually part of the President's campaign platform 2 years ago when America was in prosperity. This tax cut was not designed by President Bush as an economic stimulus then. Our economy had plenty of stimulation. It was doing well. But now the President has said: What I really meant to say is that the tax cut will breathe life back into the economy.  Hold the phone here. Take a look at the tax cut President Bush is proposing. Even if he has his way and gets everything he wants, the tax cut will not kick in to our economy in full force for 5 years. I can tell you that the employees at Motorola can't wait 5 years. The people across America who have seen their savings dwindle can't wait 5 years. So the medicine which President Bush is prescribing does not fit the illness that currently affects America.  Frankly, what we need at this point is a tax cut that is reasonable, that will create some stimulus, but is not too large as to really be irresponsible. The President has said $1.6 trillion over 10 years is not that much in a $5.6 trillion surplus. We know frankly, his number is much larger when you add in all the hidden costs. He wants to spend some $2.6 trillion on his tax cut.  It is unfortunate but true that 43 percent of President Bush's tax cut goes to people making over $300,000 a year. Forty-three percent of the benefits go to people making over $300,000 a year.  I believe everyone in America should have a tax cut, but for goodness' sake, do not shortchange families in middle-income categories and working families to give a bigger tax cut to the wealthiest among us. We have to look at this tax cut in terms of fairness and the fact that it could be an economic stimulus.  On the Democratic side, we believe we should have an honest tax cut that we can afford. We should not overextend ourselves in anticipation of surpluses that may not arrive. How can we have day after day of bad news about the state of the economy, and the economists in this town not take that into consideration? If we are having more people laid off, that means fewer people paying their taxes into the Treasury creating surpluses.  So this anticipation by the President of a great surplus, unfortunately, may not occur, as many economists have predicted.  President Bush, as Governor of Texas, faced this situation once before. When he became Governor of Texas, he had a surplus in his Treasury. He declared a tax cut that, unfortunately, was too large and now the State of Texas is back in the deficit ditch, with other States seeing the same thing happening.  Why can't we learn from this experience on a national level and not overextend this surplus, not overextend this tax cut, to find ourselves returning to the days of deficits? I think that is the challenge for this Congress.  Equally important, we have to take the tax cut as part of a larger discussion. What is it that we can do responsibly now to create economic growth again in America? To ignore what is happening with the layoffs and the situation in the stock market and the loss of savings by American families is to ignore reality.  To take the President's tax cut that will not kick in for 5 years, that is no stimulus to the current economy.  It is time we looked at things that can make a difference.  