President, as chairman of the Legislative Branch Subcommittee, I bring to the attention of the Senate the highlights of the conference report on the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2002, H.R. 2647.  The conference report totals $2.97 billion, and parallels closely the bill which passed the Senate in July with very broad support. Total funding is $10 million below the amount requested by the Legislative Branch.  Funding included in this bill includes $607 million for the Senate, and $878 million for the House of Representatives.  Funding for the rest of the legislative branch totals $1.49 billion. These agencies perform critical functions enabling Congress to operate effectively and safely--particularly the Capitol Police.  For the Library of Congress and the Congressional Research Service, the bill includes $452 million. The decrease of $60 million below the enacted level is attributable to last year's one-time appropriation for the digital preservation project.  The recommendation for the Library will enable the Congressional Research Service to hire staff in some critical areas, particularly technology policy. Also in the Library's budget is additional funding to reduce the Law Library arrearage, funding for the newly-authorized Veterans Oral History Project, and funds to support the preservation of and access to the American Folklife Center's collection.  For the General Accounting Office, a total of $422 million is included. This level will enable GAO to hire staff in some critical areas.  A total of $126 million is included for the U.S. Capitol Police, who have been performing heroically these past several weeks and to whom we all owe a debt of gratitude. The amount provided represents an increase of $3.9 million over the budget request, which will provide for 79 additional officers, the highest number the Capitol Police believe they can recruit and train next year. It will also provide comparability for the Capitol Police in the pay scales of the Park Police and the Secret Service--Uniformed Division so the Capitol Police are able to retain their officers.  For the Architect of the Capitol, funding would total $320 million. This includes $70 million for the Capitol Visitor Center expansion space which is absolutely critical for heightened security needs. It also includes sufficient funding to hire necessary worker safety-related and security-related positions.  For the Government Printing Office, a total of $110 million is included, of which $81 million is for Congressional printing and binding. The amount recommended will provide for normal pay and inflation-related increases.  The conference report includes a provision that I feel very strongly about--a Senate employee transit subsidy increase to $65 per month. This increase puts the Senate on par with the House and the Executive Branch. I can think of no better way to encourage the use of mass transit than through raising this benefit. Fewer cars on the Senate side of the Capitol means less traffic congestion, a cleaner environment, and a more secure campus.  I thank the full committee chairman, Senator Byrd, for his support and the high priority he has placed on this bill. In addition, I wish to thank the ranking member of the full committee, Senator Stevens, who has been actively involved in and very supportive of this bill.  Finally, I am grateful to the subcommittee ranking member, Senator Bennett, for his critical role in bringing this conference report together. I have enjoyed working with him and am thankful for his leadership on these matters.  