The President's suggestion when it comes to prescription drugs is entirely inadequate. Once you have funded his tax cut, you don't have the resources available to create a universally affordable voluntary prescription drug benefit under Medicare, a position which the Senator from Nevada and I share. In fact, let me read from an article in the New Yorker which appeared March 12, 2001, by Henrik Hertzberg in which he describes President Bush's prescription drug plan as follows: When the President said that no senior in America should have to choose between buying food and buying prescriptions, he received quite a bit of applause at his State of the Union Address. But he omitted the details. For example, under President Bush's prescription drug plan, a widow living on as little as $15,000 a year would receive no help in paying for drugs until she has already spent $6,000 of her own money. That is, she would have to have already left more than a third of her income at the pharmacy to qualify for President Bush's prescription drug plan.  To put it another way: Her deductible for the President's prescription drug plan, this lady living on a fixed income, would be $115 per week, not per year.  That is what happens when you take a $2 trillion tax cut and ignore education, ignore prescription drugs. You can have something that is called a prescription drug benefit, but when you look at the details, is it reasonable that someone who is making $15,000 a year--imagine scraping by on that amount--who is a fixed-income senior, has to spend down $6,000 each year on their own pharmacy costs before the benefit helps them?  I can tell the Senator from Nevada, who has spoken to a lot of seniors in his part of the world, that sort of approach is no benefit, and it isn't to most of the people to whom I have spoken in the State of Illinois.  Let me speak for a moment about the national debt. The national debt is an important issue for us not to ignore. The President says out of the $5.6 trillion surplus, we can only spend down or pay down $2 trillion of the national debt. I disagree. Much more can be spent down and should be. We collect $1 billion in taxes every single day in America; $1 billion from families, businesses, and individuals to pay interest on the old debt. We have a national mortgage of $5.7 trillion. Most of it did not occur until after 1980, when President Reagan and the former President Bush came to office.  Under President Clinton, we started paying down this debt, but it is still a $5.7 trillion national mortgage. If wedon't take this seriously, we are going to find ourselves in a predicament where that is a mortgage we are going to leave our kids. I take no comfort in promising a tax cut to myself or anyone else and then leaving my son, my daughters, or my grandson a national mortgage of $5.7 trillion.  The President likes to say if we have a surplus in Washington, it belongs to the people. Well, I ask the President: To whom does the national debt belong? That belongs to our Nation as well. Do we not have a responsibility in good times of surplus to pay off the mortgage before we tell everybody go ahead and eat your dessert, go ahead and declare a dividend?  What the Democratic side is suggesting, as the Senator from Nevada has said, is take a third of any real surplus, not any guess, and give it to people in the form of a tax cut that helps everybody across the board, not just the wealthy; take a third of it and pay down the national debt so this mortgage is reduced for our kids. And then take a third and invest in things that will get this country moving again: education, worker training, investments in technology. These are things which are good in the long term for America.  Sadly, this President is stuck on a one-note song: Tax cut, tax cut, tax cut.  The tax cut is not a plan for economic growth. It is not a plan for economic prosperity. The President proposed this tax cut in the campaign after he was challenged by Steve Forbes to come up with a massive tax cut. Well, he came up with one. He is still sticking with that song 2 years later.  America has changed. Our needs have changed. The President's response is still the same. If he has his wish and this tax cut goes through, we will find ourselves realizing its benefits 5 years from now, not when we need it. And we will find ourselves short on funds to invest in things important for America, and we won't put the money necessary into paying down our national debt.  This is not a popular thing I am preaching here. The most popular thing is to tell people we can give the biggest tax cut in the world and we are all for it. I guess you can get reelected on that platform. But part of our responsibility on Capitol Hill is to speak honestly to the people about the real problems facing our Nation.  The real problems suggest that the President's tax cut goes too far. It is ironic to me that this President is traveling around the country, going to South Dakota and North Dakota, trying to sell this concept and having a tough go of it, because although Americans like tax cuts, they are genuinely skeptical when the President tells us we can have everything.  The fact is that we need to use the same fiscal responsibility, we need to use the same fiscal conservatism that finally turned the corner a few years ago and got us out of the deficit world and into the surplus world. When you look at the state of our current economy, we need it now more than ever.  I hope we can find a bipartisan agreement for a tax cut that is sensible. I look at families across Illinois, and I don't believe that two people, husband and wife, who are public school teachers in the city of Chicago, making about $100,000 a year, are wealthy people at all. I think they are struggling to pay their mortgage, to put kids through school, to make sure they put savings aside for the future. These people need to benefit from the tax cut as much as, if not more than, people making over $300,000 a year.  I believe if you have an income of $25,000 a month, the idea of a President Bush tax cut that gives you $46,000 a year in tax cuts is something these people will hardly even notice, if they are making $300,000 a year. But I can tell you that several thousand dollars to a family making $100,000, or $75,000, or $50,000 a year can make a real difference.  The President's tax cut, incidentally, leaves 30 million Americans behind--30 million Americans who pay no income tax. The President says, why should they get a tax cut? These 30 million Americans are paying payroll taxes, my friends. I don't think the President would like to look them in the eye and say they are not paying taxes. They are paying a lot of taxes. It is coming out of their paychecks.  The President's tax cut provides no income tax benefit or other tax credit to help those wage earners. So let's come up with a balanced and fair tax cut, in a way to get the economy moving again. Let's not get stuck on the old rhetoric of the political campaign of 2 years ago. Let's have a vision that speaks honestly to the people and puts together investments and things that make a difference.  I yield the floor.  