President, I join in the statement made by the Senator from New Mexico, Mr. Domenici, and my colleague, Senator DeWine from Ohio, in cosponsoring this amendment. A lot of people listening to this debate can't understand the world we live in here, a world where whenever you decide to be a candidate for the Senate, you face the daunting task of convincing your family that it is a good idea and putting together a good campaign team. Then the reality hits you. Your message, whatever it is, to be delivered to voters across America, is going to be a very expensive undertaking.  I represent the State of Illinois with some 12 million people. How do I get their attention to tell them what I feel, what I would like to do in the Senate? The obvious methods are the use of radio, TV, direct mail, and telephone. All of those are very expensive. All of those are increasingly expensive every 2 years. The cost of television advertising, for example, goes up 20 percent every 2 years. So if you are running for reelection after 6 years, you have to raise some 60 percent more in funds to buy the same amount of television in my State and other States just to deliver your message in a campaign.  When Members of the Senate come to the floor and start talking about raising $1,000 here or $3,000 here or $6,000, I imagine most families across America say: What kind of world do they live in that they would be asking an individual to give them $6,000 of their money for a political campaign? Very few people do that in America.  Thankfully, for a lot of us, we have those who support us and will do it. For the vast majority of families, they must be scratching their head at this debate and saying: Why don't they live in the real world where real people don't go around asking friends or even strangers for $6,000?  If you are going to mount a campaign in the State of Illinois to appeal to 12 million people and some 8 or 9 million voters, you have to raise over $10 million to get your message out.  Let me offer another insight. It costs you 50 cents to raise a dollar, so about half of the money you raise goes into the overhead of a campaign, the administrative costs of staff people, mailing out invitations, following up, making sure people are there. It is an extraordinarily expensive business.  It often puzzles me that people who are not otherwise capable of managing million-dollar companies manage multimillion-dollar campaigns that come and go in a matter of 12 months. That happens in this business of politics. That is the world in which we live.  There are ways to change it. We could change it pretty dramatically. We could say television time is free for candidates. That would really change it in a hurry because two-thirds of the money that most candidates spend is on television. If the television didn't cost you anything, if you had access to it where you could go on and, instead of doing a 30-second drive-by spot, you ended up having 5 minutes to explain your position on tax cuts or Social Security, the voters would have a chance to see you.  Of course, there is resistance to that idea from the people who own the television stations. They make a bundle of money off political candidates. They can't wait for these campaigns to get started because we literally shovel money at them in the closing weeks of campaigns. The managers of these stations have a perpetual smile for weeks on end when they see all the candidates lining up to pay for the advertising on their television stations. So the idea of free television is not one that has gone very far--nor free radio. The idea of free postage is not likely going to occur either.  We live in a commercial world where we are trying to basically deliver our message to the voters in a fashion that is extremely expensive. Now we have the Supreme Court, which 25 years ago jumped into this debate and said, if you are independently wealthy, if you are a multimillionaire, we can't limit how much money you want to spend out of your own pocket.  An individual candidate who is not independently wealthy is limited on how they can raise money. Under current law, I can only raise a $1,000 maximum contribution from each person from my primary election campaign and my general election campaign and $5,000 for each campaign from political action committees. It sounds like a lot of money, until you start adding up the $1,000 contributions it takes to reach $1 million. If you have a $10 or $12 million campaign in Illinois, imagine how many people you have to appeal to, to raise $10 or $12 million.  The Supreme Court, in Buckley v. Valeo, said if you happen to have a lot of money, then you can put all you want into it; you are not limited as to the amount of money you can invest in a political campaign.  We have come down to two categories of candidates in America, the M categories: the multimillionaires, and the mere mortals. The mere mortals, frankly, stand in awe of those who can write a check and fund their campaign. What we are trying to address with this amendment is to level the playing field so that if someone shows up in the course of the campaign who is independently wealthy and is willing to spend $10, $20, $30, $40, $50, $60 million of their own money--I am not making these figures up, as they say; that has happened--then at least the other candidate has a fighting chance. That is what this amendment is all about. I have joined with Senator Domenici and Senator DeWine to try to create this fighting chance.  How do we do it? Currently, you can only accept $1,000 per person per election. We have said: If you run into the so-called self-financing candidate who is going to spend millions of dollars, then you can accept a larger contribution from an individual. The calculation and formula we use is based on the number of people living in the State. Senator DeWine explained it earlier. For example, in my home State of Illinois, the U.S. Census projected the voting-age population for the year 2000 was 8,983,000 people. We have a baseline threshold plus $150,000 which says that you can put $509,000 into your campaign of your own money. That is your right to do, under the law and under this amendment.  If you decide to put in over $1 million, if you put in $1 million, then the candidate who doesn't have $1 million to put in, whether they are a challenger or an incumbent, can raise up to $3,000 from those who will contribute, as opposed to a limit of $1,000. Furthermore, in Illinois, for example, if you put in $2 million of your own money, then we allow the individual contribution to go up to $6,000.  I am sure most people listening to this can't imagine someone writing a check for $6,000 to a political candidate. The folks who will do that are few and far between. The honest answer to that is, unless you control the overall cost of political campaigns, you have to face the reality: People will show up with a lot of money in the bank, spend it on the campaign, and literally blow away any type of political opponent.  Who loses in that process? The voters lose. If the system works as it is supposed to, you have a choice on election day. In order to have a choice, you have information about all candidates. That means you have an information source not only from a wealthy candidate but from someone who is not so wealthy. This amendment, with its own formula approach, allows people to raise money so that they can keep up with self-financing candidates.  If in my home State of Illinois someone decides to put in $5 million or more, then we allow the Democratic or Republican Party in my State, through their coordinated expenditures, to really reach that same level, up to 110 percent of the amount that is being given by that candidate to his or her own campaign.  This is an imperfect amendment. It is an effort by us to address a serious problem. It has in it an element that is important. It is an element of fairness, an element of opportunity. It basically says that in America we won't let you buy an election. If you are going to come in and try to do that, then you are going to at least give the other candidate a chance to compete.  There is one element in this amendment which I have discussed with the sponsors that I hope we can address either with a second-degree amendment, or a later amendment during the course of our debate, and that is the money on hand. If an incumbent Senator has millions of dollars on hand and somebody walks in and decides to put in a million dollars to oppose them, I think you should take into account how much money the incumbent Senator has on hand. This amendment does not do that. I would like to suggest a modification to it at some point.  But I believe our colleagues in the Senate will have a good opportunity later this morning to cast their votes on this amendment and to basically say that from the Senate's side, we are going to try to level this playing field and try to give a voice to all candidates. We are not going to say this is a system that is open to the highest bidder. It is going to at least allow men and women to compete with some element of fairness.  I thank my colleague from New Mexico, as well as my colleague from Ohio. Both of them, and our staffs, worked late into the night last night to prepare this amendment that will be forthcoming shortly.  I yield the floor.  