 Back in the early 1960s, Newt Minow, of Chicago, was named Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission by President John Kennedy. He came up with a phrase to characterize television at that moment in our history, which has become legendary. Newt Minow called television in the early 1960s, ``the great wasteland.'' He took a look at what was available on television and suggested that the American people deserved better. It triggered a national debate for reform and creative thinking about the role of television.  I say today, if you look at the role of television in this debate on political campaigns and public issues, television is not just a great wasteland, television has become a killing field because the people who run the television stations, the networks and local broadcasters, have forgotten the bottom line: their responsibility to the American people.  You see, they are selling a product. It is something they create; it is programming--the types of things we like to watch on television, such as sports, news, and entertainment. But their business is different than any other. The way they sell their product is on something that we as Americans all own--the airwaves. The television stations don't own the airwaves. We tell them: You can rent the airwaves; you can lease the airwaves, and we will license you to use the airwaves, but we expect you to do it in a responsible way.  Today we are engaged in a debate--and all this week--on campaign finance reform. Many people have suggested changes that are significant. I salute Senators Feingold of Wisconsin and McCain of Arizona. I have been a cosponsor of the bill. They are talking about the sources of money that go into political advertising. We all know that the sources have become scandalous in size and, frankly, in their special interests. I think they are on the right track to clean up the money going into political campaigns. But the important thing to remember is that just dealing with the supply side, if you will, of political campaigns, the sources of campaign contributions misses the point.  Do you want to really reform political campaigns in America? You can't even have a serious conversation about that, unless you address the role of television. Television used to be a tiny part of political campaigns, but it has grown almost out of control.  Take a look at these numbers--political advertising on broadcast television. Starting in 1970, network expenditures were $260,000. Come down to the year 2000, 30 years later, and it is $15 million-plus. Station TV used to be about $12 million in the 1970 cycle. Now we are up to $650 million. The total expenditure for the year 2000 was estimated to be some $665 million. Well, the Alliance for Better Campaigns came out and said it was going to be between $771 million and $1 billion spent on television by political campaigns.  So what we have, in fact, are efforts by candidates of both political parties to raise money to give to television and radio stations in an effort to get your message out to the American people. When we created these stations and we acknowledged that the public owned the airwaves, we also said when it came to political advertising, candidates would be treated differently than other advertisers--something called the lowest unit charge. We basically said that if there was a bargain at the TV station, the bargain should be given to the political candidate. That is in the interest of sharing information on public issues, but also in keeping the cost of political campaigns under control.  But, sadly, though the law required, as of 1971, that the lowest unit charge be charged to candidates in their campaigns, the fact is that candidates are paying more and more. Why? Because if you go to a television station in Chicago, or in Springfield, IL, and say you want to buy a 30-second ad right before the newscast the night before the election, they will say: Senator, great. We will be glad to sell you that ad. Incidentally, if we only charge you the lowest unit rate, the bargain basement, sadly, if anybody comes and offers a dollar more for that ad, we knock you off the air.  Well, there isn't a political candidate with any good sense that will agree to that. If you are going to be knocked off the air right before the news and they put you on right before the Pledge of Allegiance and the Star-Spangled Banner at the end of the night, you have lost everything. Your market doesn't have the benefit of all the good things you have to say.  What candidates are doing is not paying the lowest unit charge, they are paying the inflated charges. The television stations have become a killing field, because they have taken the law, which said we are going to favor candidates in public discourse of issues, and have turned it upside down so that candidates, frankly, end up paying dramatically more than the lowest unit rate. The cost to the campaign skyrockets, and then candidates, incumbents and challengers alike, scramble, beg, and plead for people to give them money so they can give it right back to the television stations.  That is why the Torricelli amendment, of which I am a cosponsor, is so important. It addresses the demand side of political campaigns--not just the supply side, where the money comes from, but how the money is spent. Sadly, as we get closer to election day and the demand for their TV ads goes up, these stations raise their rates dramatically.  A gentleman by the name of Paul Taylor, who used to write for the Washington Post, created a group called Alliance for Better Campaigns. He enlisted the support of a lot of great people, such as former President Ford; former President Carter; Walter Cronkite, the legendary CBS news commentator; and a former Senator from Illinois, Paul Simon.  This public interest group said let's take a look at television with regard to public information and whether it is doing its job. I was in one of their meetings in Chicago. They brought in the managers of TV stations and said: We noticed you are not covering campaigns, unless the candidates pay for it, on your stations. What Mr. Taylor did was to invite the radio and TV stations to take a 5-minute segment during the last week or two of the campaign and make it available for some public debate and public discourse about the issues.  Sadly, after we take a look at the participation in it, very few stations got involved in Mr. Taylor's request.  Let me tell you some of the statistics they developed. The political coverage of these stations shows the result of an analysis of political ad costs in all top 75 media markets.  The alliance advocates scrapping the lowest unworkable lowest unit charge and requiring the industry to open the airwaves. When they were asked to do it voluntarily, the stations did not comply.  These stations steer candidates toward premium rates. They pay the highest amount. They are shut out of air time.  America is different in this regard. Many countries make this time available to their candidates so they can have literally free access to television and radio, but in America you have to pay for it. We do not provide free air time. The cost, of course, is going through the roof.  Let me give an illustration of how bad it is using one market in which I have to buy advertising, and the market is in St. Louis. St. Louis is one ofthe toughest markets in which to buy advertising. There are some radio stations there which will only sell you four or five ads a week. They limit you. You cannot buy any more.  Listen to what we found when we went to a major network affiliate in St. Louis and compared some of the charges they made in the last election cycle with what they charged just a few weeks later.  The cost of nonpreemptible time--in other words, you get a set time which is guaranteed--was four times higher than preemptible time. Take the lowest unit charge which candidates are supposed to get, and then if you want to make sure you get the time you asked for, at this station you are going to pay up to four times as much for that nonpreemptible time.  On the early morning weekday news shows, the rate that this station charged after the political campaign was over went down 55 percent from the political campaign time. During noon weekday news, the rate went down 66 percent in the weeks after the election campaign.  The story goes on. Weekday evening news took 3.3 times the amount to buy a nonpreemptible ad, and then as soon as the campaign was over, they dropped the overall rate 38 percent. On week night news at 10 o'clock in St. Louis, they dropped it 45 percent. On the Sunday a.m. news talk shows, as soon as the campaign was over, advertising costs went down 66 percent; the Sunday p.m. local news, 25 percent.  The television stations and the network affiliates are gaming the system. They understand that candidates are desperate for time. They understand that if they tell them it is preemptible, they will pay more, and then as soon as the campaigns are over, we see these dramatic decreases in the cost of this television time.  That is why it has become a killing field. They run up the rate cost for the candidates, and they refuse to cover the campaigns. They have really forgotten their civic responsibility that the airwaves belong to the American people. As a consequence of that, we are seeing a phenomenon in American politics which we cannot ignore.  A lot of people are going to argue later about how much money we should be able to raise. But keep in mind that if we are raising money to pay for electronic media--television--the cost of that media, according to a media buyer I contacted, goes up 15 to 20 percent every 2 years. So your campaign needs to raise 15 to 20 percent more funds to do exactly the same thing you did on television 2 years ago. If you are running for the Senate, in a 6-year period of time you can see a 60-percent increase in your television cost.  Let me give an example in St. Louis again. A moderate television buy in St. Louis runs about $186 a point. A point is the way they measure the audience. A 1,000-point buy for a week of spots--that is about 30 or 40 30-second ads a day--will cost you $186,000.  Under the current rules of raising money, I can ask a contributor to give me up to $1,000. So in order to run advertising in one area that serves the State of Illinois, I have to get 186 people to give me $1,000. Obviously, when one considers the entire State of Illinois and the campaign everyone is facing, one can see how the cost of these campaigns is going through the roof.  A $200,000 media buy buys a few 30-second slivers of time to get ideas and views out on the public airwaves. It takes just a moment to purchase it, and if a person gets up to get a sandwich in the kitchen, they miss that 30-second ad. It requires asking 4,000 people to make a $50 campaign contribution.  Former Senator Bill Bradley said a few years ago:       Today's political campaigns function as collection agencies      for broadcasters. You simply transfer money from contributors      to television stations.  It is interesting to me that as we spend more and more money on television in these campaigns, as we do our best to get our message out, our market--the voters of America--has responded by refusing to vote.  If you ran a company and said, ``We are not selling enough of our product, let's increase the marketing budget''; and after a quarter or two, you brought in the marketing department and said, ``How are you doing?'' and they said, ``We have doubled the marketing budget''; you went to the sales department and asked, ``How are you doing?'' and they said, ``Sales are down''--that is what is happening in political campaigns. The marketing budget is increasing, but we are not making the sales to the American people. They are not buying what we are selling.  Why? Because, frankly, the whole process has been tainted. It has been tainted by the expense, by the involvement of special interest groups, and by the fact that so many candidates, myself included, spend so many waking hours trying to raise money to launch an effective campaign such as in a State as large as the State of Illinois.  This amendment is an important step forward because here is what it does: This amendment says that we are going to eliminate class distinctions for air time for candidates under the current statute. We are going to make time purchases nonpreemptible, we are going to allow political parties the benefit of the lowest unit charge, and we are going to require random audits in designated market areas to check compliance.  We cannot say to the TV station how much it charges, but we can say they cannot run their ad rates up right before an election, as so many stations have done, and then drop them precipitously as soon as the election is over.  All of this money going to television stations from political campaigns is, frankly, good for their business, but it is not good for America. Let us remember our responsibility: to make sure the airwaves are used in a manner that serves all the people in this country, not just serving the needs to make a profit. Sadly, that is what has been done too many times in the past.  I hope we will see an increase in voter participation, but I hope we will also see an increase in interest in public issues by the networks and by the local stations. It is not enough for them to say that a few times, in what might not even be prime time before an election campaign, they are going to make their station available so there can be a debate among the candidates. It is not enough that they will give us the Sunday morning opportunities to talk on the shows. As good as that is, that just does not make it in terms of selling products--they know that--and in terms of convincing voters as to what we have at stake in these elections. I think it is time for these networks and television stations to be part of campaign finance reform. The original version of the McCain-Feingold bill included this reform, included efforts to address the television and radio costs which candidates face that was taken out of the bill for reasons I don't know, but it should be brought forth.  If we are going to have real campaign finance reform, then we definitely have to make sure we are getting candidates an opportunity to purchase time at affordable rates. Otherwise, we are going to find the cost of campaigning continuing to skyrocket and the sources of money for candidates drying up as we cut off soft money, as we cut off other sources. I think this amendment is critically important.  When they asked these stations how much time they would give of their own time during the course of the campaign in a survey, it is interesting what they found. A national study released by the University of Southern California's Norman Lear Center, on February 5, 2001, of 74 local stations, found that the typical local television station spent less than 1 minute of air time a night on candidate discourse in the final month of the 2000 campaign--less than a minute.  The study found all but one local station failed to meet a voluntary public industry standard that they air 5 minutes a night of candidate-centered discourse in the 30 nights before the election. Stations in the survey that indicated they would try to meet the standard, which was just 7 percent of the Nation's 1,300 local stations, averaged 2 minutes and 17 seconds a night.  They are paying no attention whatever to elections and campaigns unless the candidates show up with money in hand and are prepared to pay the outrageous charges that have been leveled against them in terms of these candidates.  National broadcast networks didn't do much better. They averaged 64 seconds a night per network of candidate discourse in the final month of the 2000 campaign.  It is no surprise the broadcasting industry, which has profited so much from political campaign spending, also vigorously resists any campaign finance reform which touches them. The media industry, since 1996, has spent over $111 million lobbying Congress, partly to block campaign finance reform bills that included any kind of discounted or free candidate air time. The number of registered media-related lobbyists has increased from 234 in 1996 to 284 in 1999. The amount spent rose in 1999 to $31.4 million, up 26.4 percent from the 1996 amount. This is big business. This is big profit. They have a lot at stake.  I hope at the end of this debate we will enact this amendment, an amendment I have cosponsored with Senator Torricelli, Senator Corzine, and Senator Dorgan. If we do not address the real costs of campaigns, the demand side of the ledger, we are not going to serve the need of real campaign finance reform.  I yield the floor.  