When we ask the people in the energy business, why are prices out of control, they say it is the market mechanism, market forces.  There are two things I find interesting. Our common experience says when gasoline prices go up in a town, they all go up at the same time in lockstep. When they come down, they trickle down at the same rate. You don't see competition in pricing that could be found in any other market.  Second, the oil companies consistently guess wrong about supply. That is what the Federal Trade Commission said. Why would they guess wrong? They make more money when they guess wrong. These oil companies are now having record profits and they are saying: We just did not have pipeline capacity; we were not prepared for reformulated gas, for clean air; we made a mistake.  Look at what resulted from the mistake. It did not result in their being penalized. It resulted in their being rewarded with some of the highest profits they have seen in 10 years. I cannot think of another company or another industry in America that can guess wrong so consistently and profit from it time and time again.  Vice President Cheney recently he saw no evidence of price gouging. Mr. Vice President Cheney, come to Chicago, come to Illinois. Take a look at what happened in a 30-day period. The price of gasoline went up 50 cents a gallon. No price gouging?  I have a quote from Vice President Cheney who said:       Americans are more understanding and tolerant of high gas      prices than most pundits believe.  Again, I invite the Vice President to speak not only to the families who are now paying $50 and $60 and $70 to fill the gas tank but also talk to business people, the small businesses that have been forced to consider layoffs and a reduction in their own activities because of high energy prices. To say people understand this and accept it is to ignore our responsibility. We are supposed to be there for these consumers and these businesses and these families who have no other voice in the process.  I have joined with the Senator from North Dakota. I think it is important we have this investigative hearing to make certain that the people who run this industry come in and are held accountable.  I also think when we get into the debate about energy, we ought to have consumers at the table. It is not enough to have the energy giants and the government agencies and people in pinstriped suits from K Street in Washington. Let's have people representing small businesses in Illinois, farm families from North Dakota, who can talk about the practical impact. I know the Senator from North Dakota supports that. I would appreciate it if he told me what he thinks we can do to deal with the market mechanism which always is stacked against the consumer.  