President, this amendment is cosponsored by Senator Grassley, myself, Senator Harkin, Senator Dorgan, Senator Inhofe, Senator Burns, Senator Breaux, Senator Reid, Senator Rockefeller, Senator Torricelli, and Senator Johnson. It is an amendment relative to an airport in Illinois which is known by every Member of the Senate and known across the Nation: O'Hare International Airport. There is not a Member of the Senate gathered this evening who has not had an experience with a delay and a problem at O'Hare. Many of them haveshared those experiences with me as I have discussed this amendment. Many of the Members of the Senate and the people following this debate know that the current situation at the airport at O'Hare literally has a stranglehold on aviation across America.  When there are delays and problems at O'Hare Airport, those problems affect cities and airports across America. The reason, of course, is that O'Hare was built in an era when air travel was much different and airplanes were much different. Airplanes were smaller, there were fewer flights, and the runways at O'Hare were designed to accommodate that day in aviation.  That day has changed. It has changed dramatically. For 25 years or more, there has been an effort underway in Illinois to change O'Hare and modernize it, to finally put in a runway configuration that is safer and more efficient, not just for the benefit of my State and region but for the Nation. Every major airline understands O'Hare's impact on the rest of the Nation.  Despite this intention of changing O'Hare and making it more efficient, it never happened. Why? Because in Illinois, as in some 14 other States, the Governor has a voice in the decision about the future of airports. The Governor of Illinois has to give approval or disapproval for these airports. We have been unable, for more than two decades, to get the Governor and the mayor of the city of Chicago, which has responsibility for O'Hare, to see eye to eye on the future of the airport. So it has come to a grinding halt time after time after time.  I am happy to report that has changed. It has changed within the last several days. The Republican Governor of our State, George Ryan, and the Democratic mayor of the city of Chicago, Richard Daley, reached a historic agreement 48 hours ago. Finally, for the first time in more than two decades they have come together and agreed, not just on the future of O'Hare to make it safer, to make it more efficient, but also on aviation in general for our State.  What will happen to Meigs Field, a small but important commuter field that is on the lakeshore of Chicago, the future of an airport for the southern suburbs of Chicagoland, a growing area, an area with an expanding economy? People said those two men would never be able to come to this agreement but they did, and they did despite a lot of opposition.  This agreement was not reached in secret or reached in a hurry. It started with the mayor announcing a comprehensive plan for aviation on June 29. The Governor of the State of Illinois announced his plan on October 18, after a series of field hearings around the Chicago area, and now today they have come together with a mutual agreement. This is a historic opportunity, not just for Chicago and Illinois but for the Nation.  The obvious question is, Why do we come today on this bill at this time to talk about O'Hare International Airport and aviation in Illinois? The fact is that both the Governor and the mayor agree, and I concur, that we need to make certain Federal law reflects the fact this agreement has been reached, an agreement which we believe will have benefit all across the Nation for many years to come.  Who supports this agreement? Major airlines using O'Hare support it, and it is important they do because a major part of the expense of modernizing O'Hare will fall on the shoulders of major airlines that will have to float the bonds that fund the terminals that serve the gates that serve the people who will use O'Hare in the future.  The major airlines have come together. So there is no misunderstanding--and I understand there may be among some Members--American Airlines, United Airlines, and Midwest Express have publicly stated their support for this agreement, but they are not the only ones. In addition, we have the support of the air traffic controllers. This is support that is important because these men and women know the issue of safety. They believe this will make for a safer airport and safer aviation across America. The Airline Pilots Association, they support this agreement as well, and AOPA which represents private aircraft owners and operators have endorsed it publicly as well. We have all the major aviation organizations in support of this plan, and few in opposition.  I know it will not be easy for us to see this plan become law. We need to bring together tonight a bipartisan coalition of Members of the Senate who agree with Senator Grassley and myself that this modernization of O'Hare is not just important for that airport but for aviation across America. There are some local issues which I will not dwell on because they are of importance to those of us from Illinois but may not be to the rest of the Nation, but thankfully this approach, this plan, is going to address traffic congestion.  Traffic congestion around O'Hare is called ``ground zero'' in terms of traffic congestion in our State, and when we come to grips with that and make a proposal for changes in the traffic around O'Hare, it will have a positive impact on the thousands of people who use that airport and who travel near it each and every day.  The mayor and the Governor made certain that as part of this plan they would also invest the funds for noise mitigation and noise control in the area surrounding the airport. They have made an unprecedented and historic commitment to noise mitigation around this airport. That, in my mind, is essential. That, in my mind, is essential, so the families and businesses and schools that may be affected by this change will have some relief.  This decision on O'Hare will have a more positive impact on aviation than virtually anything else we can do. I don't overstate the case. Several months ago Newsweek magazine had a cover story about aviation problems, aviation air traffic problems across America.  I commend Senator John McCain of Arizona because he came with the Senate Commerce Committee to the city of Chicago for a hearing on this issue so we could understand in the Senate exactly what this meant. My colleague, Senator Fitzgerald, has a different view on the airport, and he was at the hearing. We heard from people in the area, not only leaders of business, leaders in labor, but people who understood the impact of this airport congestion at O'Hare on our region and on the Nation.  Now we have a chance to do something that can make a significant difference. Common sense dictates we will need to pass in the near future and this plan envisions a new airport south of Chicago in the vicinity of Peotone. There has been an agreement to keep the commuter airport open, Meigs Field--that is important, particularly to private owners of aircraft--and make the changes at O'Hare that will make it modern and safer.  I am glad my colleagues from Iowa are here because I give both of them credit. Senator Harkin and Senator Grassley understand as well as I do, and many should, that O'Hare's future is linked directly with the future of smaller airports, and all around the Midwest, as well. The airports of Iowa and downstate Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan, Indiana, and Minnesota, all of these airports, depend on a viable airport at O'Hare that can receive these flights and transfer passengers to other destinations. They started this process, and I commend them for being with me tonight as we debate this historic agreement. Senator Harkin and Senator Grassley brought to the attention of the Nation the need to modernize O'Hare. It is their action as a catalyst in this discussion which brings the Senate to this agreement, which brings us to this amendment this evening.  I ask my colleagues to join with me this evening in passing this important amendment which sets the stage for the embodiment and recognition of the overall agreement in this bill. This is important for America's economy. It is certainly important for aviation.  I yield the floor.  