Last Thursday, the Senate Judiciary Committee, when we were operating out of the Capitol, had a hearing for five judges who were brought before us. Of those five judges, it is my understanding four of them will be voted on this afternoon. As to the fifth judge, who is a circuit court judge who has been suggested and was brought before us, we came to learn this circuit court judge has perhaps a thousand unpublished opinions. We have asked this judge to come back once we have seen his unpublished opinions so that before we give him the circuit judge position for life we understand who he is and whether he is the man for the job.  There were some objections raised at the hearing about asking for a second hearing for this judicial candidate. We checked the record, and on at least six occasions during the Clinton administration, a second hearing was requested. Then we asked for the timeframe between the first and second hearing on Clinton judges, when the Republicans were in control. In one case, the nominee waited 2\1/2\ years for the second hearing, and in several other cases more than a year for the second hearing.  Now we have the Republicans coming to the floor saying we are not moving this process fast enough. Second hearings are being called for and it could take weeks, when they took the lives of individuals and let them languish for a year or 2 years in this situation.  I say to the Senator from Nevada, Senator Patrick Leahy has moved with dispatch with hearings on these judicial candidates. He has held hearings during the recess. He held a hearing last Thursday when the Senate was in a very peculiar situation because of the security concerns on Capitol Hill. He has moved them forward. He has asked that before we approve a person we know their background. I ask the Senator from Nevada, who was in the Senate during the Clinton administration and saw the way Senator Hatch and the Republicans in control of the committee dealt with the nominees, are the Republicans today asking for the same treatment of their nominees as they gave to President Clinton's nominees?  