President, I know pending before the Senate now is landmark legislation. I commend my colleagues, Senator Paul Wellstone and Senator Pete Domenici, truly a political odd couple, one from the State of Minnesota and the other from New Mexico, who have come together on this important cause, both understanding the importance of our maturing as a nation when it comes to the issue of mental health.  I am a strong supporter of the Mental Health Equitable Treatment Act which they are bringing to this legislation. I am pleased it is finally going to come for a vote. I know those two Senators, as well as Senators Daschle and Kennedy, have worked tirelessly to make this happen. I know advocates for the mentally ill have waited, frustrated and disappointed time and again, and had hoped this day might someday come. I recognize it is equally imperative we do not threaten this bill's passage by attaching amendments that may make it even more difficult in conference.  With this in mind, I do, however, want to raise the subject of another amendment relating to mental health, and I ask my colleagues to consider it in the context of the underlying Wellstone-Domenici amendment.  The issue I am about to discuss affects literally thousands of Americans every single year. This amendment of which I speak would be an improvement on the bill we are currently debating. However, I want to make it clear I will not be offering this as a second-degree amendment. I want to give to Senators Wellstone and Domenici every opportunity to bring their important bill through conference intact. Although I believe my amendment would be a worthy addition to theirs, I am going to save that cause until another day.  Let me talk about this amendment and why I would have brought it to the floor. Some time ago I received a letter from a constituent in Illinois who in the 1980s suffered severe depression and received the kind of treatment which allowed her to return to work. I will call her Mary Smith. At the time, Mary had employer-sponsored health insurance through her husband's job, but in the fall of 1998 Mary and her husband lost this employer-based insurance coverage when her husband lost his job.  Mary applied for comprehensive health insurance plans offered to individuals. Her application was declined because, as the insurance company noted, ``Due to her medical history of depression she did not meet the company's underwriting requirements.''  Mary was turned down for health insurance due to a medical history of depression. She wrote me, and this is what her letter said:       As I see it, we are being punished for accessing health      care. In 1987, when I was clinically depressed, I could have      chosen to avoid proper medical care, become unemployed and      received Social Security disability. I did not. I obtained      the help I needed and continued to support myself, my family      and contribute positively to society. Depression is a      treatable medical illness. Insurance companies must stop      their indiscriminate denial of this coverage.  Sadly, Mary Smith is not alone. Each year more than 50 million adults in the United States suffer from mental illness, 25 percent of our adult population. Some 18 million Americans are affected by depression annually. One in five Americans has a mental disorder in any one year. Fifteen percent of the adult population use some form of mental health service during the year. Eight percent have a mental disorder. Seven percent have a mental health problem. Twenty-one percent of children ages 9 to 17 receive mental health services in a year.  The problem Mary Smith faced is, under the current system of care in the United States, individuals who are undergoing treatment or have a history of treatment for mental illness may find it difficult, if not impossible, to obtain private health insurance, especially if they have to purchase it on their own and cannot rely upon group insurance through an employer.  In part, this is a result of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act that protects millions of Americans in the group health insurance market and affords very few protections for individuals who apply for private nongroup insurance. Approximately 9.6 percent, or 26 million Americans, are insured in this private nongroup insurance market--26 million people.  A 1996 GAO study found that insurance carriers denied up to 33 percent of applicants for private health insurance because they had a preexisting health condition, including, of course, mental health conditions. HIPAA provides few protections for individuals who apply for insurance in the individual insurance market. Individuals without at least 18 months of prior continuous group coverage are not protected against discrimination and red lining. This issue is not about parity. It is not about mental health benefits. It is about discrimination. It is about red lining.  Mary Smith was being told she could not get any health benefits, not just mental health benefits. She was denied all health insurance coverage because many years before she had successfully treated a condition of depression. She was not eligible to get hospital coverage if she needed surgery. She was not eligible for preventive care, such as a flu shot. She was not eligible for a doctor's visit. Had she become injured or ill, she would have received no care.  Efforts to improve health care parity have focused on providing equality between mental health covered services and other health benefits, and I salute Senators Wellstone and Domenici for their leadership. These efforts are very important, and I strongly support them.  Parity will not help individuals who do not have access to any affordable insurance coverage due to preexisting mental illness discrimination. Think of that for a moment. We are saying if you cover a person for other illnesses, in the Wellstone-Domenici amendment, you also have to provide mental health protection as well. I believe that is sound.  Mary Smith never reaches that point. Mary Smith, whose husband lost his job, ends up in the private insurance market. She cannot even get into a private health insurance plan because the company, under the law today, can discriminate against her because she had treatment for a mental health problem.  Individuals who seek insurance in the individual market are people such as Mary who are in periods of transitional employment, but they are also people who are self-employed. They are family farmers. I have many of them in my State. They are small business owners. They are recent college graduates who lose coverage under their parents' plan, and they are the children and spouses of self-employed people and those in transitional employment.  Every person at risk, needing to buy private health insurance, is subject to this discrimination. If they had been treated for a mental illness, they could run into the same experience Mary Smith did.  This type of discrimination is precisely why many Americans do not seek treatment for mental illness. Despite the efficacy of treatment options and the many possible ways of obtaining a treatment of choice, nearly half of all Americans who have severe mental illness do not seek treatment. They are not only concerned about the stigma in society, they are clearly concerned about the discrimination which is allowed under the law for those people who have turned for help.  This reluctance to seek care is an unfortunate outcome of very real barriers. Foremost of these is the stigma that many in our society attach to mental illness and to people who have it. How many of us, or our family members or friends, have thought about what might happen if we went to seek therapy for anxiety, depression, or even marriage counseling? It is unconscionable that persons should have to consider not being able to get health insurance coverage because they did the right thing and were treated for a mental condition.  Repeated surveys have shown that concerns about the cost of care are among the foremost reasons that people do not seek care.  My amendment prohibits insurers from charging persons with preexisting health conditions higher premiums. This is because insurers use higher premiums to keep certain people locked out of the plan.  The GAO interviewed one insurance carrier in my home State of Illinois which only charges 2 to 3 percent of its enrollees a nonstandard rate, but the rate they charge is double the standard rate.  In some States, including Illinois, high-risk pools have been created to act as a safety net to ensure the uninsured have access to coverage. These safety nets are often expensive. For Mary Smith, this safety net would have cost her and her husband $700 a month for health insurance. They are a great deal for insurers; all sick people are in one pool.  Risk pools undermine the underlying function of insurance to include a broad pooling of risk. They relieve insurers of responsibility.  Mental disorders impose an enormous emotional and financial burden on ill individuals and their families. And when they go untreated, costs escalate. Mental disorders are costly for our Nation in reduced or lost productivity and in medical resources used for care, treatment, and rehabilitation.  The National Institute of Mental Health estimates the annual cost of untreated mental illness exceeds $300 billion, primarily due to productivity losses of $150 billion, health care costs of $70 billion, and societal costs of $80 billion.  Two years ago the Surgeon General issued a report on mental health. The report concludes that a broad range of treatments of documented efficacy exists for most mental disorders.  Diagnoses of mental disorders are as reliable as those of general medical disorders. In fact, the success rate of treatment for disorders such as schizophrenia is at 60 percent; depression, 70 to 80 percent; and manic disorder, at 70 to 90 percent, surpassing those of other medical conditions. Heart disease, for example, has a treatment success rate of about 50 percent.  Here is what we know: We know mental health is fundamental to our health. We know millions of Americans suffer from mental illness. We know treatment exists for mental illness. We know the treatment works. We know, despite the efficacy of treatment options, nearly half of Americans who have mental illness do not seek medical care. We know that reluctance to seek care is a result of real barriers, including stigma, discrimination, and of course financial obstacles which are treated by the Wellstone-Domenici amendment. We know mental disorders impose an enormous emotional and financial burden on sick individuals and their families and that untreated mental illness is costly for our Nation in lost productivity and medical resources. We know the private insurance system perpetuates barriers, reinforces stigma, throws up financial roadblocks, and undermines the health of millions of Americans who do the right thing and seek treatment.  The amendment I was prepared to offer today, because of Mary Smith, would try to do the right thing. It is common sense. It doesn't cost anything. It does not solve all the inequities that individuals with mental health conditions face. But it does remove one of the many barriers to health care faced by those who have been treated for a mental condition. I think there is no more appropriate context in which to address this than a patient protection act.  This amendment prohibits any health insurer that offers health coverage in the individual insurance market from denying an individual coverage because of a preexisting mental illness unless a diagnosis, medical advice, or treatment was recommended or received within the 6 months prior to the enrollment date. Health plans can exclude coverage for mental health services but not for more than 12 months. The exclusion period must be reduced by the total amount of previous credible insurance coverage.  It also prohibits plans in the individual market from charging higher premiums to individuals based solely on the determination that such an individual had a preexisting mental health conditions. It defines a preexisting mental health condition as including all clinical disorders and personality disorders diagnosed on Axis I or Axis II of the most recent edition of the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders. This broad definition would include mood, anxiety, eating, sleep, and adjustment disorders, clinical disorders such as mental retardation and autism, cognitive disorders such as amnesia and dementia, and sexual and gender identity disorders.  These provisions apply to all health plans in the individual market, regardless of whether a State has enacted an alternative mechanism, such as a risk pool, to cover individuals with preexisting health conditions.  The amendment does not mandate that insurers provide mental health services if they do not already offer such coverage. It does not prohibit health plans from establishing a waiting period for mental health services for individuals with a preexisting mental health condition of up to 12 months.  All we are trying to do is to ensure that if you should go to a therapist or a psychiatrist or a psychologist or seek other mental health services, you do not have to worry that you or your family will not be able to get health insurance because you asked for help. It simply does not make sense, just because a person seeks treatment for mental illness, he or she is rendered uninsurable.  I hope my colleagues will join me in this important initiative to ensure that such individuals are not discriminated against when applying for health insurance coverage. It is just the right thing to do.  Mary Smith's letter is one of many we receive in our Senate offices. I am glad we picked this one and read it carefully and closely. I thought for a moment about how we could help this woman who did the right thing. Faced with a mental illness, she went to a doctor, and having gone to that doctor her life has improved. She stayed on the job and had a much better life. She could have applied for a government program and didn't do it. She wanted to stay in the workplace. Little did she know that a few years later when her husband lost his job, the fact that she was successfully treated for depression would ultimately mean they could not buy health insurance in the private market.  How can we stand by as a nation and allow this kind of discrimination against people who are no more guilty of their condition than a person is guilty for the color of their eyes? It is something God has sent to them. In this situation I think we should consider the passage of legislation which would prohibit this discrimination once and for all and make certain, as the underlying Wellstone-Domenici amendment, this amendment would say we are going to treat mental illness in the 21st century much differently than we have in years gone by.  I thank you for the floor and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  