If we adopt the amendment of Senator Gramm of Texas, we are basically saying there are no standards when it comes to Mexican trucks and when it comes to Mexican truckdrivers. It is whatever the White House attorneys decide. That, frankly, is an abdication of the responsibility of the Senate.  I hope all Members will join in voting for this Gramm amendment. I voted for NAFTA. When I voted for NAFTA, I was told that the United States would never have to compromise health and safety standards, and, that if we impose standards of safety on American trucks and truckdrivers, the same standards will apply to Canadian and Mexican truckdrivers. If we impose standards of the safety on our trucks, the same standards will be imposed on Mexico and Canada.  That is what is known as fair trade and fair standards evenly applied. Senator Gramm and those on the other side of the aisle don't want fair trade. They want to have it so the Mexicans and Canadians and others who trade with the United States can establish in the name of free trade their own standards.  This weekend when you are on the highways across America and you look in the rearview mirror, if the truck coming up behind you is an American truck, you can be sure of one thing: It is subject to hours of service requirements so that the truckdriver doesn't stay in that seat so long that he is halfasleep and driving off the road. You know the American truckdriver has to keep a logbook so we know where he has been and how long he has been driving. He is subject to inspection. He has been subject to alcohol and drug testing. He has had a physical. You know the minimum weight limit for the truck is 80,000 pounds, and so forth. But under the standards imposed by the Mexican Government, none of these apply. There are no hours of service requirements. If the truck coming up behind you on the highway is driven by a Mexican truckdriver, there is no prohibition or limitation on the hours he can drive the truck. Under their law, he has to keep a logbook. He ignores it, as most Mexican truckdrivers do. There is no basic alcohol and drug test, and there is no requirement for physicals as in the United States.  Let me tell you about an accident. If you get involved in an accident with a truck driven by an American driver for an American truck company, they have to have liability insurance between $750,000 and $4 million for that accident. The Mexican truckdriver, about $70,000 worth of insurance to cover bodily injury as well as physical damage.  When we say the Mexicans are going to have an opportunity to trade in the United States and we want to strike down trade barriers, we are not trying to strike down common sense. Common sense says that whether your family is on the road going to a Virginia vacation, or for business, when you look in the rearview mirror, or pass a truck, you ought to know that there is a safety standard applied to everybody who wants to use American highways.  Senator Murray has put in a reasonable amendment. She established the same standards for Mexican trucking companies and truckdrivers as the United States. Those who oppose this amendment don't want that to happen. The Gramm amendment gives the widest loophole in the world. Some attorney in the White House can declare that the standards for insurance, for example, for Mexico are just fine at $70,000. That is wrong. It is wrong for the American families who expect this Senate to stand up and protect them when it comes to the use of American highways.  I favor free trade. I voted for free trade. But I didn't do it with a blindfold. I did it with the knowledge that we ought to have standards to protect American companies, American individuals, and American consumers, and that the same standards should apply to those exporting to the United States and those producing in the United States. This is not protectionism. This is commonsense. Vote against the Gramm amendment.  