President, today we are charged with the important decision of considering Gale Norton for our next Secretary of the Interior. This position is extremely important. As the Secretary of the Interior, Ms. Norton would be the principal steward of nearly a third of our Nation's land; the guardian for our national parks; and the protector of our wildlife refuges.  The process of appointing and approving cabinet members is a curious mix of politics and policy. I believe President Bush has every right to exercise the same prerogative as Presidents before him, of choosing members of his cabinet that share his point of view.  In proposing Ms. Norton, President Bush asks the Senate to entrust her with our environmental heritage.  In sending me to the Senate, the people of Illinois have entrusted me with the duty of deciding whether Ms. Norton will faithfully fulfill the job that she has been asked to do.  Although Ms. Norton conducted herself well throughout the confirmation hearings, I am left with many questions about her vision for the future of our Nation's environment. I have no doubt that Ms. Norton has the professional experience to be a capable Secretary of the Interior. The question is not about her ability to lead, but whether she will be a leader for the preservation of our public lands and natural resources.  This is why I rise in opposition to her nomination today. I am disturbed that not one respected conservation group in our Nation has announced its support for Ms. Norton. Her strongest supporters hail from the mining, drilling, logging, and grazing industries--industries better known for exploiting public land than for protecting it.  My concerns were not allayed during her confirmation hearings. Despite more than 20-years experience in dealing with environmental issues, she often gave vague, uncertain answers to questions on how she would enforce many of our significant environmental laws. Her answers gave me little to reassure Americans who support conserving our natural resources.  Let me be clear. I am not opposing her nomination based on her ideology alone. Her documented public record speaks louder than her words. Her career is filled with stands on environmental law and policy that are incompatible with the Secretary of the Interior's role as steward of our public lands. Her actions reflect her philosophy that property rights are pre-eminent and Federal intervention should be minimized. She has not addressed the concern that this approach will interfere with her duty as Secretary of the Interior to aggressively enforce compliance with Federal environmental laws.  By now, most of us know that Ms. Norton started her career at the Mountain States Legal Foundation underthe guidance of James Watt, the controversial former Secretary of the Interior. During her time with Mr. Watt, she pursued cases opposing the enforcement of the clean Air Act in Colorado and supported drilling and mining in wilderness areas. She followed Mr. Watt to the Department of the Interior in 1985 as an Assistant Solicitor where she worked to open up the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil drilling. But it was in her capacity as attorney general for Colorado from 1991 to 1999 that we find egregious examples of her tendency to side with private, pro-development interests over those of preservation.  As attorney general of Colorado, Ms. Norton was an advocate of the policy of self-auditing: a policy that allows polluting companies to escape fines if they report the problem and correct it. Unfortunately, this policy allowed Summitville mine, a large gold mine, to continue operating even though it had serious environmental problems. It was only after the mine spilled a mixture of cyanide and acidic water into the Alamosa River, killing virtually every living thing for a 17-mile stretch, that her office became involved.  The Summitville mine was considered Colorado's worst environmental disaster and is now the poster child of bad mining practices. To her credit, Ms. Norton vigorously pursued the mining company for repayment to cover the cleanup. However, she sought no criminal charges, and her office was criticized for being slow to act. The Federal Government had to step in to prevent the disaster from worsening and later won felony convictions against many of the corporate owners of the mine. In fact, the Denver Post said: ``It's a shame that Colorado must rely on the feds to pursue the case.'' This happened under the watch of attorney general Gale Norton of Colorado.  As Secretary of the Interior, Ms. Norton will have enormous discretion to unilaterally alter environmental policy. She could block funding or enforcement of rules and regulations proposed by the previous administration. For example, she could prevent a recent proposal to limit snowmobile use in our national parks from taking effect, a proposal that was supported by literally thousands of citizens.  As a strong promoter of wilderness areas, I am concerned that Ms. Norton's pro-development leaning will make it more difficult to inventory areas for wilderness designation. I am concerned that she will open more land to mineral and mining development leaving less for wilderness areas. I am concerned that she won't stand strong and protect existing and proposed wild areas from off-road vehicle damage.  I am especially concerned that the Interior Department headed by Ms. Norton will parallel the Interior Department headed by her early mentor, James Watt. Mr. Watt tried to overturn environmental initiatives implemented by President Carter's administration. Ms. Norton says she wants to review many of President Clinton's environmental initiatives. Mr. Watt wanted to shift public land policy towards development and resource exploration. Ms. Norton has indicated she would like to do the same. Mr. Watt tried to make many of these changes out of the congressional limelight by using budgetary recommendations and administrative and regulatory actions. I am concerned that with strong public support for protecting the environment but an almost evenly divided Congress, Ms. Norton may be tempted to try the same tactics.  The Secretary of the Interior has a significant distinction from that of other Cabinet posts. That distinction is that no other Secretary's decisions have such a long-range impact. Once the earth is disturbed to start a mining operation, that land will never be the same. Once an animal goes extinct, there is no replacing it. Once land has been developed, it loses its character as a wilderness.  Mr. President, I believe that Ms. Norton's nomination sends the wrong signal to the country: a signal that we are moving away from conserving our natural resources and moving toward turning our public lands over to private interests.  As a great Republican President and the father of our Nation's conservation ethic, Theodore Roosevelt, said, ``It is not what we have that will make us a great nation; it is the way in which we use it.'' Mr. James Watt echoed this statement during his nomination process in 1981 when he testified that he would seek balance in managing our Nation's lands. Ms. Norton recently testified that she would also seek to find this balance between using and preserving our natural resources.  Unfortunately, Mr. Watt did not keep his word. If Ms. Norton should be confirmed today, I urge her to learn a lesson from Mr. Watt's experience and uphold her promise ``to enforce the laws as they are written.''  The Interior Department is responsible for many of our Nation's most valuable treasures--natural resources that belong not only to this generation but also to generations to come. Americans will be counting on Gale Norton, should she be confirmed, to protect these national treasures so they can be handed on as an enduring legacy--to keep them safe from those who would exploit and destroy them.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the remaining time under the control of Senator Stabenow be allocated to Senator Boxer.  