I will not go through all of the companies on this list. It reads like, as they say, a veritable list of who's who of industrial sponsors in America: Dow Chemical Company, all sorts of institutes, the Electric Power Research Institute, oil companies, motor companies, automobile manufacturers, chemical associations--the list goes on and on.  These corporate clients came to Professor Graham not to find ways to increase regulation on their businesses but just for the opposite, so that he can provide through his center a scientific basis for resisting Government regulation in the areas of public health and the environment.  I am an attorney by profession, and I understand that when there is balance in advocacy you have an objective presentation: Strong arguments on one side and strong arguments against, and then you try to reach the right conclusion. So I am not going to gainsay the work of Dr. Graham in representing his corporate clients over the years, but it is important for us to put this in perspective.  If Dr. Graham is appointed to this position, his clients will not be the corporations of America, his clients will be the 281 million Americans who count on him to make decisions in their best interest when it comes to environmental protection and protection of the health of their families.  When we look at his professional background, it raises a question about his objectivity. He has had little respect for the environmental concerns of most Americans--concerns about toxic chemicals in drinking water, pesticides in our food, or even the burial of radioactive waste. To John Graham, these are not major concerns. In fact, as you will hear from some of his statements that I will quote, he believes they reflect a paranoia in American culture.  Dr. Graham's supporters have taken issue with my categorizing his views as antiregulatory. They say, and it has been said on the floor this evening, John Graham supports environmental regulations: just look at the statements he has made about removing lead from gasoline. That was said this evening: John Graham supports removing lead from gasoline.  I certainly hope so. And my colleagues know, it is true, John Graham has stated clearly and unequivocally that he thought removing lead from gasoline was a good idea. Do my colleagues know when that decision was made? Decades before John Graham was in any position to have impact on the decision. It is a decision in which he had no involvement in any way whatsoever.  What has he done for the environment lately? What does he think of the recent crop of environmental regulations? On this matter, his opinions are very clear. According to John Graham, environmental regulations waste billions, if not trillions, of taxpayers' dollars. According to John Graham, our choice of environmental priorities actually kills people through a process Mr. Graham calls ``statistical murder,'' something that pops up in his work all the time.  According to John Graham, we should massively ship resources away from environmental problems such as toxic chemicals to more important activities that he has identified, such as painting white lines on highways and encouraging people to stop smoking.  This is a recent quote from Dr. Graham:       The most cost-effective way to save lives generally is to      increase medical treatment, and somewhat second, to curb      fatal injuries. Trying to save lives by regulating pesticides      or other toxins generally used up a lot of resources.  I can recall during the time we were debating the potential of a nuclear holocaust, there was a man named Richard Perle in the Reagan administration who said he didn't think we should be that frightened because if we did face a nuclear attack, in his words, ``with enough shovels,'' we could protect ourselves.  When I read these words of Dr. Graham who says, ``The most cost-effective way to save lives generally is to increase medical treatment, and somewhat second, to curb fatal injuries,'' and then he says that ``regulating pesticides and toxins uses up a lot of resources'' can you see why I believe he has been dismissive of the basic science which he is going to be asked to implement and enforce in this office?  This quote is a little bit understated. In other documents, Mr. Graham refers to spending money on control of toxins as ``an outrageous allocation of resources.'' This captures the very heart of Graham's philosophy. Environmental regulations to control toxic chemicals are an enormous waste of resources, in the mind of John Graham. It makes little sense, according to Graham, to focus on environmental problems. Instead, we should use our scarce public policy dollars for other more important issues.  Why does John Graham hold such strong views opposing environmental regulations? Because he believes toxic chemicals just are not that toxic. Dr. Graham has said the so-called ``toxic chemicals'' may actually be good for us. I will read some of the transcript from his hearing on the whole question of dioxin.  Now, Dr. Graham supports these beliefs based on what he calls ``a new paradigm,'' the idea that there may well be an optimum dose for toxic chemicals or for other environmental hazards such as radiation. The idea behind this optimum dose theory is there is an exposure that is good for people in small amounts even if the chemical or radiation is harmful in larger quantities.  In a conference on this new paradigm at which Graham was a featured speaker, he urged his colleagues:       Advocates of the new paradigm need to move beyond      empiricism to explanation if we can explain why low doses are      protective, the prospects of a genuine scientific revolution      are much greater.  A scientific revolution inspired by John Graham.  Well, the obvious question I had of Mr. Graham when he came to the Governmental Affairs Committee was as follows:       Mr. Durbin: Dr. Graham, when I look at your resume, I'm      curious; do you have any degrees or advanced training in the      field of chemistry, for example?       Mr. Graham: No, sir.       Mr. Durbin: Biology?       Mr. Graham: No, sir.       Mr. Durbin: Toxicology?       Mr. Graham: No.       Mr. Durbin: What would you consider to be your expertise?       Mr. Graham: I have a Ph.D. in public affairs from Carnegie      Mellon, with an emphasis in the field of management science      called ``decision science.'' At the School of Public Health,      I teach analytical tools and decision science like risk      assessment, cost-effective analysis, and cost-benefit      analysis.       Mr. Durbin: No background in medical training?       Mr. Graham: No. I do have a postdoctoral fellowship funded      by the Environmental Protection Agency where I studied human      health risk assessment and had research experience in doing      human health risk assessment on chemical exposures.       Mr. Durbin: Does your lack of background in any of these      fields that I have mentioned give you any hesitation to make      statements relative to the danger of chemicals to the human      body?       Mr. Graham: I think I have tried to participate in      collaborative arrangements where I have the benefit of people      who have expertise in some of the fields that you have      mentioned.       Mr. Durbin: Going back to the old television commercial,      ``I may not be a doctor but I play one on TV,'' you wouldn't      want to assume the role of a doctor and public health expert      when it comes to deciding the safety or danger over the      exposure to certain chemicals, would you?       Mr. Graham: Well, I think our center and I personally have      done significant research     in the area of risk assessment of chemicals and oftentimes my      role is to provide analytical support to a team and then      other people on the team provide expertise, whether it be      toxicology, medicine, or whatever.  The reason I raise this is there is no requirement that a person who takes this job be a scientist, a medical doctor, a chemist, a person with a degree in biology or toxicology. That is not a requirement of the job. And very few, if any, of his predecessors held that kind of expertise.  But when you consider carefully what Mr. Graham has said publicly in the field of science, you might conclude that he has much training and a great degree in the field.  That is not the case. He has held himself out time and again, and I will not go through the specifics here, and made dogmatic statements about science that cannot be supported. And he wants to be the gatekeeper on the rules and regulations of public health and the environment in America.  Mr. Graham is, as I said earlier, trying to create a scientific revolution but he acknowledges it is an uphill battle. Why do so few mainstream scientists buy into his theories? Because, says Graham, science itself has a built-in bias against recognizing the beneficial effects of low-dose exposures to otherwise dangerous chemicals such as dioxin.  Scientific journals don't like to publish new paradigm results. In his written works, Dr. Graham goes so far to say the current classification scheme used by the EPA and others to identify cancer-causing chemicals should be abolished and replaced with a scheme that recognizes that all chemicals may not only not cause cancer but may actually prevent cancer, as well.  Perhaps he opposes environmental regulation because he is so convinced that regulations generally do more harm than good. Some of this harkens back, of course, to his new paradigm, his scientific revolution. If we restrict toxic chemicals that are actually preventing, rather than causing, cancer, we wind up hurting, rather than helping, the population at large, according to Dr. Graham. Think about that. He is arguing that some of the things we are trying to protect people from we should actually encourage people to expose themselves to.  If he had scientific backing for this, it is one thing. He doesn't have the personal expertise in the area and very few, if any, come to rally by his side when he comes up with the bizarre views.  He argues environmental regulations hurt us in other ways. They siphon off resources from what he considers the real problem of society, and they introduce new risks of their own, so according to Dr. Graham the cure is worse than the disease. The side effects of environmental regulation are so problematic and many that he refers to them as ``statistical murder.'' Our environmental priorities are responsible for the statistical murder of tens of thousands of American citizens every year, according to Mr. Graham.  Take his well-known example, and he has used it in writings of chloroform regulation. Mr. Graham estimates that chloroform regulation costs more than $1 trillion to save a single life, $1 trillion. And he uses this in an illustration of how you can come up with a regulation that is so expensive you could never justify it--$1 trillion to save one life. What he doesn't say--and the EPA looked at his analysis--that cost of $1 trillion is over a period of time of 33,000 years. Just a little footnote that I think should have been highlighted. How can patently absurd numbers such as this make a contribution to cost-benefit consideration?  There is a bigger problem. The chloroform regulation he refers to doesn't exist and never did. I asked the Congressional Research Service to find out about this regulation on chloroform that Dr. Graham used as an example of statistical murder, where we will spend $1 trillion as a society to save one life. Find out where that took place.  Guess what. It doesn't exist. This is a hypothetical case study for an academic exercise. It is not a regulation. It was never proposed as a regulation nor was it ever considered seriously by anyone. Someone invented this scenario and John Graham seized on it as his poster child of how you can go to ridiculous extremes to protect people from environmental exposure.  Even when Dr. Graham studies the costs and benefits of actual environmental regulations, ones that are truly being considered, his controversial practice of ``discounting" automatically trivializes the benefits of environmental regulation.  We have been through this debate in the Governmental Affairs Committee. There are people on the committee, Democrats and Republicans, who say--and I think this is a perfectly reasonable statement--before you put in a rule or regulation, find out what it is going to cost: What is the cost to society? What is the benefit? I think that is only reasonable. There are certain things we can do to save lives, but at such great expense, society could never bear that burden. The problem you have is in drawing up the statistics, in trying to quantify it, in saying what a life is worth and over what period of time.  Dr. Graham gets into this business and starts discounting human lives in exactly the same way economists and business advisers discount money. A life saved or a dollar earned today, according to Dr. Graham, is much more valuable than a life saved or a dollar earned in the future. Dr. Graham's so-called scientific results led him to conclude that when the Environmental Protection Agency says a human life is worth $4.8 million, by their calculations, they are 10 times too high. That is Dr. Graham's analysis.  How many of us in this Senate Chamber today can honestly say they agree with Dr. Graham's discounting the value of a human life to 10 percent of the amount we have used to calculate many environmental regulations? That is a starting point. If you are representing industrial clients who do not want to be regulated, who suggest environmental regulations and public health regulations are, frankly, outlandish, you start by saying lives to be saved are not worth that much.  Discounting may make sense when it comes to money, but it trivializes the value of human lives and the lives of our next generation and creates an automatic bias against environmental regulations meant to provide protections over a long period of time.  I will be the first to admit there are inefficiencies in our current environmental regulations, but Professor Graham's research hasn't found them. Instead, he consistently identified phantom costs of nonexistent regulations and for years referred to them as if they were the real cost of real environmental regulations. He has played a game with the facts for his purposes, for his clients. But when it comes to the OMB, in this capacity it will be the real world where decisions you make will literally affect the health and future of Americans and their families.  He has introduced misleading information that has really distorted many of the elements of an important policy debate. There are organizations that absolutely love research results that show billions of dollars being wasted by unnecessary environmental regulations--groups such as the Cato Institute, the Heritage Foundation, the American Enterprise Institute, all of whom have made ample use of Professor Graham's scientific studies, scientific revolution--statistical murder; results to strengthen their antiregulatory arguments.  To sum up Dr. Graham's belief, toxic chemicals can be good for you, environmental regulations can be very bad for you.  Not everyone accepts these beliefs, of course. What does Dr. Graham think of those with a different set of priorities? In his mind, it is a sign of collective paranoia, a sign of pervasive weakness and self-delusion that pervades our culture.  If you think I have overstated it, I think his own words express his sentiments more accurately. I would like to refer to this poster, quotes from Dr. Graham.  Interview on CNN, 1993:       We do hold as a society, I think, a noble myth that life is      priceless, but we should not confuse that with reality.  Dr. Graham said that. Then:       Making sense of risk: An agenda for Congress in 1996.  John Graham said:       The public's general reaction to health, safety and      environmental dangers may best be described as a syndrome of      paranoia and neglect.  ``Medical Waste News,'' that he has written for, in 1994:       . . . as we've grown wealthier, we've grown paranoid.  Testimony to the House Science Committee in 1995:       We should not expect that the public and our elected      officials have a profound understanding of which threats are      real and which are speculative.  So the very institution to which we are being asked to confirm this man's nomination has been really dismissed by John Graham as not having sound understanding of threats that are real.  Then he goes on to say, in Issues in Science and Technology, in 1997:       It may be necessary to address the dysfunctional aspects of      U.S. culture. . . . The lack of a common liberal arts      education . . . breeds ignorance of civic responsibility.  So John Graham can not only portray himself as a doctor, a toxicologist, a biologist, and a chemist, he can also be a sociologist and general philosopher. The man has ample talents, but I am not sure those talents will work for America when it comes to this important job.  I would like to take a look at two issues in detail to give a clearer picture of Dr. Graham's approach to environmental issues of great concern to the American people. I want to examine his record on pesticides and on dioxin. It is not unreasonable to believe if his nomination is confirmed that John Graham will consider rules and regulations relating to these two specific items, pesticides and dioxin.  The Food Quality Protection Act of 1996 passed Congress unanimously--and not just any session of Congress, the 104th Congress, one of the most contentious in modern history, a Congress that could hardly agree on anything. Yet we agreed unanimously to pass this important new food safety law. A key purpose of the law was to provide the public with better protection against pesticides. In particular, the law aimed to provide increased protections to our most vulnerable segment of the population, our children. President Clinton remarked that the Food Quality Protection Act would replace a patchwork of standards with one simple standard: If a pesticide poses a danger to our children, then it won't be in our food.  This groundbreaking legislation received the unanimous support of Congress. What does John Graham, Dr. John Graham, think about the importance of protecting our children from pesticide residues on food? Let me tell you what he said in his work.       The Food Quality Protection Act suffers from the same      failings that mark most of our other environmental laws and      regulations. Our attempts at regulating pesticides and food      are a terrible waste of society's resources. We accept risks      from other technologies like the automobile, why should we      not accept risks from pesticides? When we regulate, or worse,      when we ban pesticides, we often wind up doing more harm than      good.  Let me tell you a case in point. I think it is an interesting one. It was a book which Mr. Graham wrote called ``Risk versus Risk.'' This is a copy of his cover. It was edited by John Graham and Jonathan B. Weiner.  I might also add the foreword was written by Cass Sunstein, who is a professor at the University of Chicago School of Law and has one of the letters of support which has already been quoted on the floor. He was a colleague of Mr. Graham, at least in writing the foreword to this book. This goes into the whole question of pesticides and danger. The thing I find curious is this. On page 174 of this book, Mr. Graham, who is asked to be in charge of the rules and regulations relative to pesticides, started raising questions about whether we made the right decision in banning DDT--banning DDT. He says:       Many of the organophosphate pesticides that have been used      in place of DDT have caused incidents of serious poisoning      among unsuspecting workers and farmers who had been      accustomed to handling the relatively nontoxic DDT.  That is a quote--``relatively nontoxic DDT.''  I read an article the other day in the New Yorker which was about DDT and its discovery. Let me read a part of this article--I want to make sure of the sources quoted: Malcolm Gladwell, ``The Mosquito Killer,'' New Yorker, July 2, 2001. If I am not mistaken, that is the same gentleman who wrote the book ``The Tipping Point,'' which I found very good and recommend.  In his article about DDT, he says as follows:       Today, of course, DDT is a symbol of all that is dangerous      about man's attempts to interfere with nature. Rachel Carson,      in her landmark 1962 book ``Silent Spring,'' where she wrote      memorably of the chemical's environmental consequences, how      much its unusual persistence and toxicity had laid waste to      wildlife in aquatic ecosystems. Only two countries, India and      China, continue to manufacture the substance, and only a few      dozen more still use it.  In May, at the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants, more than 90 countries signed a treaty placing DDT on a restricted use list and asking all those still using the chemical to develop plans for phasing it out entirely. On the eve of its burial, however, and at a time when the threat of insect-borne disease seems to be resurging, it is worth remembering that people once felt very differently about DDT, and between the end of the Second World War and the beginning of the 1960s, it was considered not a dangerous pollutant but a lifesaver.  Mr. Gladwell, in this article, in summarizing the history of DDT, really points to the fact that those who have analyzed it around the world, with the exception of India and China--some 90 nations--abandoned it. John Graham, who wants to be in charge of the rules and regulations on pesticides, the environment, and public health, wrote:       It was relatively nontoxic.  This is a man who wants to make a decision about pesticides and their impact on the health of America.  According to Dr. Graham, it may have been an ill-advised decision to take DDT off the market. He cites in this book that I quoted how DDT was particularly effective in dealing with malaria. No doubt it was. But it was decided that the environmental impact of this chemical was so bad that countries around the world banned it.  Let me offer some direct quotes from Dr. Graham from various reports he has written over the years and from the many statements that he has made.  Before I do that, I see my colleague, Senator Wellstone, is in the Chamber. At this time, I would like to yield to him with the understanding that I can return and complete my remarks. I thank him for joining me this evening. I will step down for a moment and return.  I yield to Senator Wellstone.  