Frankly, if we are talking about energy needs in America and drilling in places we never would have considered drilling before, whether in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge or national monuments, certainly someone has to make a compelling argument there is so much energy there that America cannot turn its back. The statistics the Senator from Nevada has quoted and an analysis by the Wilderness Society come to the same conclusion.  The total economically recoverable oil from the monuments that I protect in this amendment is the equivalent of 15 days, 12 hours, 28 minutes' worth of energy for the United States. Economically recoverable gas, as a portion of total U.S. consumption, is 7 days, 2 hours, 11 minutes.  What would we give up for that small opportunity to bring that much energy into the picture in the United States? Frankly, we would be drilling in areas which have been designated as special and important treasures that the United States should preserve.  I am glad we are having this national debate about energy conservation and energy efficiency. It is important that we have it, but it is also important that we do not believe the answer to all of our energy problems is to find new places to drill.  Just last week I joined my colleagues, Senator Fitzgerald of Illinois and Senator Debbie Stabenow of Michigan, at a press conference on the banks of Lake Michigan on a rainy Tuesday before the Fourth of July. As hard as it is to believe, there is one Governor of a State adjoining Lake Michigan who now believes we should drill for oil and gas in Lake Michigan and the Great Lakes. There are those of us who think that, too, is a rash judgment and one we can come to regret.  A lot of people say: It would only be a small little derrick or a small drill out there. I had the experience, I guess it has been over 15 years ago or close to it, of going up to Alaska after the Exxon Valdez spill. Exxon Valdez, if I remember correctly, was about the size of three football fields. It was a long vessel. When it ran ashore and when its tanks and all its crude oil spread out across the area, it devastated wildlife and left contamination for decades to come.  When we talk about drilling for oil and gas, we have to be careful that we do it in a responsible environmental way so that we do not run the risk of contamination or ruination of important national treasures, such as the Great Lakes, the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, or the national monuments designated by President Clinton.  As we can see from the situation in California, energy conservation does work. When they saw the high prices, they reduced their consumption by over 11 percent in a short period of time. It is a lesson to all of us. We can all do better, every single one of us. Before we start drilling into these pristine areas, should we not have a national policy that talks about sustainable, renewable fuels and energy conservation?  I am afraid this administration focuses on drilling and drilling and drilling, and that just is not the answer to all of our challenges.  This land is protected as national monuments because we realize all of the Nation's public landscapes are not appropriate for oil and gas drilling. These lands have intrinsic value. Just because there may be some energy there, even if it is very limited, does not mean we need to drill for it and run the risk of contamination and ruining these great national treasures.  The national monuments belong to the American people. The Government has agreed to hold these lands in trust for our generation and future generations to appreciate. The President of the United States, as a successor to George Washington, as a successor to previous Presidents, was given the responsibility of protecting these lands--first and foremost, protect our national natural heritage--not destroy them.  This energy crisis should not be used as an excuse for us to do things we will rue in the days and years to come. Exploiting our national monuments for a tiny bit of mineral resources will not ease energy prices today, tomorrow, or even next year.  Let's not be misguided. Let's focus the energy debate on responsible energy development, renewable energy, efficiency, and conservation efforts. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment.  I leave my colleagues with this quote, again from Theodore Roosevelt whose words still ring true today:       Conservation means development as much as it does      protection. I recognize the right hand duty of this      generation to develop and use the natural resources of our      land, but I do not recognize the right to waste them or to      rob by wasteful use the generations that come after us.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  