I will proceed and, of course, afford all opportunity for him for comment or rebuttal or perhaps a speech in support of my amendment. I want to make sure I extend that courtesy to him since he is not currently in the Chamber.  The amendment I bring before us today is one that is very straightforward. I suppose I could have had it read, and it would have made it very clear what I am setting out to do. It basically will prohibit any preleasing or other related activity within the boundaries of a national monument.  What it boils down to is, there are certain lands in the United States which have been designated as important national treasures. We call them national monuments. Virtually every President in the last century, save three, decided to designate certain areas of land in America that were so important they wanted to preserve them so that future generations could enjoy the bounty which God has left us.  There are those, of course, who see that land not as a great treasure to be valued but as a resource to be used. The purpose of my amendment is to stop oil and gas drilling on national monuments across the United States.  We owe the existence of many of America's natural treasures to pioneers of yesterday. Their appreciation of our rugged, untamed new country gave them the foresight to preserve many of our natural resources and public lands for future generations to enjoy.  Theodore Roosevelt was one such pioneer. In 1906, he established Devils Tower in Wyoming, the first national monument.  Right outside this Chamber in the hallway is one of the most remarkable busts of a former Vice President--the bust of Theodore Roosevelt. Every time I walk by it, I can just feel the life in that piece of stone. He has his jaw stuck out as if he is ready to take on the world. I can imagine in 1906 when Teddy Roosevelt said to a lot of people in this country: You know what. We have resources in this country that are worth fighting for and worth preserving, and we are going to do it. There were probably people standing on the sideline saying that Teddy Roosevelt was crazy, that he certainly did not want to set aside land that might have had great value to our future. Yet he did it. Not only did he do it; he established a standard that President after President followed.  The Republican Party, of which Theodore Roosevelt was a proud member at one time, certainly was that party of preservation and conservation. It set a standard that the Democratic Party followed, and I am glad they did. It was a bipartisan idea. These are treasures that don't know the difference between parties, the treasurers which our children and future generations should enjoy. Roosevelt said this at one point, and his words I think tell the story: ``We must ask ourselves if we are leaving for future generations an environment that is as good or better than what we found.''  That is simple. That inspired him in 1906 to create the first national monument at Devils Tower, WY. Unfortunately, not every President has been inspired by Teddy Roosevelt. Sadly, I come to the floor today because of threats by this new administration in Washington to at least consider the option of drilling for oil and gas in these national monuments across the United States.  Some leaders in Washington lack the foresight of our Founding Fathers and pioneers. They hide today behind the shield of an ``energy crisis''--an energy crisis, which they believe means that we have to change all the rules, saying we can no longer keep this land at least protected so future generations can enjoy it. They say because of our need for energy we have to break a lot of rules; we have to start drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge; we have to start drilling in the national monuments; we have to start looking for oil and gas in places that a lot of Americans honestly believed we had declared off limits.  President Bush and Interior Secretary Gale Norton have publicly stated they believe that some of our national monuments would be good places for oil and gas drilling or coal mining. Oddly, the monuments being targeted have one thing in common: Every single one was designated by one President, President William Jefferson Clinton. So when they look at monuments across the United States that they want to go drilling on, they have only picked one group--those designated by President Clinton.  President Bush needs to realize that damaging these irreplaceable lands is not going to solve America's energy crisis, but it could cause a crisis in conservation. Americans are rightfully concerned about energy security. But I don't think that most Americans believe that we are in such dire straits that we should invite the big oil and gas producers into these protected lands.  My amendment would simply prohibit new mineral leases from being issued in designated national monuments. My amendment does not affect any valid existing rights or prevent leasing in any area that was authorized for mineral activity when the monument was established. I want to make that point clear. Some will come before us and say: You are going to shut down oil and gas drilling and mining in these monuments, and it has been going on for years. If it took place before, if it is existing, if it has been approved, this amendment has no impact whatsoever. But it is the new drilling, the new mining, this new exploration in these national monuments that would be prohibited by this amendment.  When a President issues a proclamation designating a national monument, it is not unusual for existing rights to drill to be maintained. The real intent of this amendment is to preserve the existing boundaries of monuments so this administration can't shrink them to make even more lands available for energy exploration.  Since 1906--the day of Teddy Roosevelt that I noted earlier--14 of the next 17 Presidents of the United States, Democrat and Republican alike, unapologetically and proudly designated national monuments under the Antiquities Act, for a total of 118 national monuments. Only three Presidents in the 20th century did not designate national monument territory--Presidents Nixon, Reagan, and the elder George Bush.  People say, well, I have heard of national parks and national forests. What is a national monument? Half of our national parks started out as national monuments. Let me tell you what they include. The Grand Canyon was designated as a national monument; Glacier Bay; Zion; and Acadia National Park. The national monument is the first designation of a piece of land in America that can have lasting values as part of our national heritage. Can you imagine, for a moment, if those who preceded us did not have the foresight to protect those lands, what America would have given up not to have these resources available, so that families of today and tomorrow can take their children and look out at that magnificent expanse of the Grand Canyon and stand in awe and wonder of God's creation? Thank God, someone had the foresight to think ahead and believe it was worth designating that, first, as a national monument and then as a national park, to be protected.  This amendment is addressing a new mindset that says when it comes to today's national monuments, it is a different story; they are up for grabs. We are involved in an energy crisis. People can drill for oil and gas on these new monuments designated by President Clinton. That is so shortsighted. It loses vision when it comes to what our country is all about and should be all about.  The Bureau of Land Management has the responsibility of managing public lands across the United States, and we have thousands and thousands of acres. I see Senator Harry Reid from Nevada is here. I don't know what percentage of his home State is Federal land----  