President, this has been a historic week in Washington, DC. For the first time in the history of the Senate there has been a change in the leadership of the Senate because of the decision of one Senator to become an Independent and to join the other side of the aisle in forming a new majority. As a result of the decision of Senator Jeffords of Vermont, Senator Tom Daschle of South Dakota is now the majority leader. The President pro tempore of the Senate is one of the most venerable Members in the history of the Senate, Senator Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia. We have also created a position of President pro tempore emeritus for Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina.  Most are aware of the fact that Senator Strom Thurmond breaks a Senate record every day of service. He is 98 years old. This week he went to Bedford, VA, where they noted the anniversary of the D-day invasion on June 6, 1944. Senator Strom Thurmond, at the age of 41, volunteered to fly a glider behind enemy lines in the D-day invasion. It is a great tribute to him that the President asked him to join in the opening of the new memorial to D-day in Bedford, VA. We are very proud of Senator Thurmond and his service to our country. It is an extraordinary story. A man who was 41 years of age on that day still serves his Nation in the State of South Carolina in the Senate.  If this were just a matter of changing titles and the nameplates on offices, one might say what happened this week in the Senate has little bearing on the families across America and their immediate concerns. However, I believe on this side of the aisle there will be changes of great significance to families across the United States.  We are in the midst of debating an education bill. This could easily be one of the most significant pieces of legislation this year. It is a bipartisan bill, supported by President Bush, as well as the Democratic and Republican congressional leaders.  The object of this bill is to modernize the schools of America to prepare them for the 21st century, to make certain that kids going to school in my home State of Illinois or New Jersey or any State across the Nation have a chance for the very best education.  I was really encouraged this week when the Senate agreed to an amendment I offered to increase the money for math and science education. Sadly, in comparison to many countries around the world, the United States does not do its best when it comes to teaching our kids math and science. When you look at the fields of endeavor where the United States is succeeding, particularly in the areas of science and medical research and high technology, math and science are absolutely essential. So this bill will focus not just on reading skills, which are the bedrock of any good education, but also on improving math and science skills for our kids, making certain the teachers standing in the front of the classroom are really qualified to teach the subject so they can energize and excite young students in the fields of math and science.  This bill also calls for accountability, testing of students to make sure they are making progress, investing back in the schools so they can improve their performance.  This week, in Chicago, IL, Mayor Daley announced that Paul Vallas, who has been the leader of the Chicago public school system and its CEO for more than 5 years, is going to move on. Paul Vallas leaves an extraordinary record in the city of Chicago. He took what was dubbed the Nation's worst school system and has turned it into arguably one of the best of any major city. They stopped social promotion. They started investing in schools--smaller class sizes, better teachers, a new sense of excitement, testing--and if the kids cannot pass the test, they are offered 6 weeks in summer school to catch up. If they still can't pass it, they repeat the grade so they are not pushed along to the next grade, really creating a fiction, when they are handed the diploma, where many of them in years gone by could not even read.  We want every school district to move forward, not just for the wealthiest but for all of our Nation. That is really the hallmark of American democracy, the commitment to public education, the notion that whether you are rich or poor, black, white, brown, a young boy, a young girl, whether you are native born or immigrant, that you have a chance to get an education and a chance to succeed. It says more about America than anything. That is in the pending bill.  When this bill is finished, we are going to move to the Patients' Bill of Rights. What is that all about? The question of who will make medical decisions, your doctor or your insurance company. If the doctor says the best thing for you or someone in your family is a certain medical procedure, we want that doctor's decision to be the last word, not that of a clerk in an insurance company somewhere who is reading from a manual and looking at the bottom line of the quarterly report for the insurance company. We want somebody who is making that decision in your best interest and your family's best interest.  The Patients' Bill of Rights has been an issue that should have been resolved years ago in the Senate, but it was not. With the new Democratic leadership of Senator Tom Daschle and a bipartisan effort involving Senator John McCain, a Republican of Arizona, Senator John Edwards, a Democrat of North Carolina, and, of course, Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts, we have a chance to pass this bill. I think that is a step forward.  We also want to increase the minimum wage. This used to be an item that was not even debated on Capitol Hill. Regularly we would take a look at the minimum wage and recognize we have to say to the people who are working at the lowest end of the economic spectrum that they have a chance to keep up with inflation. But our minimum wage has been stuck at $5.15 for years.  In my home State of Illinois, 400,000 people got up this morning and went to work for $5.15 an hour, many of them working two and three jobs just to keep their families together. We can improve and increase the minimum wage, and we should.  These issues, whether it is prescription drug benefits under Medicare, Patients' Bill of Rights so doctors make decisions for our health care, an increase in the minimum wage, improvement in education--that will be part of our agenda as we return here next week with the new majority leader, Tom Daschle. It is an exciting opportunity.  Having said that, we are still a body of 100 Members where, on a good day, the Democrats can muster a majority of 51 votes. So it is obvious we need bipartisanship; we need cooperation. But I hope this change in the leadership in the Senate will open up our eyes to an array of opportunities that have been missed over the last several years, opportunities to provide better schools, more health care, to give a voice to consumers and families in securing appropriate medical treatment, to give those who are struggling to go to work every day and make a living a chance to succeed in America.  It is a pretty heady agenda; it is pretty challenging; but I think we can rise to that occasion. I look forward to being part of it.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  