President, pursuant to the unanimous consent request which was just allowed regarding procedures for the remainder of the evening, I will give a brief summary of this bill.  I am pleased to present to the Senate the fiscal year 2002 legislative branch appropriations bill, as reported by the full committee.  I thank Chairman Byrd for his support and the high priority he has placed on this bill. He has provided an allocation which has ensured we could meet the highest priorities in the bill. In addition, I wish to thank the ranking member of the full Committee Senator Stevens who has been actively involved in and very supportive of this bill.  I am grateful to my ranking member, Senator Bennett, for his important role in this process and his excellent stewardship of this subcommittee for the past 4\1/2\ years.  The fact is that this bill bears the imprint of Senator Bennett and his hard work in keeping an eye on this particular appropriations bill. I was happy to join him in bringing this bill to the floor. I couldn't have done it without him. I appreciate all of his assistance.  The bill before you today totals $1.94 billion in budget authority and $2.03 billion in outlays. This is $103 million--5.6 percent--over the fiscal year 2001 enacted level and $104 million or 5 percent below the request level.  The bill includes $1.1 billion in title I, Congressional Operations, which is $88 million below the request and $123 million above the enacted level.  For title II, other agencies, a total of $848 million is included, $15 million below the request and $20 million below the enacted level.  The support agencies under this subcommittee perform critical functions enabling Congress to operate effectively. We have sought to provide adequate funding levels for these agencies--particularly the Library of Congress, the General Accounting Office, the Capitol Police, and the Congressional Budget Office.  For the Library of Congress and the Congressional Research Service, the bill includes $443 million. While this is $66 million below the enacted level, the decrease is attributable to last year's one-time appropriation for the digital preservation project.  The recommendation for the Library will enable the Congressional Research Service to hire staff in some critical areas--particularly technology policy.  In addition, a significant increase is provided for the National Digital Library within the Library of Congress, including information technology infrastructure and support to protect the investment that has been made in digital information.  Also in the Library's budget is additional funding to reduce the Law Library arrearage, funding for the newly- authorized Veterans Oral History Project, and funds to support the preservation of and access to the American Folklife Center's collection.  For the General Accounting Office, a total of $419 million is included. This level will enable GAO to reach their full authorized staffing level. The total number of employees funded in this recommendation is 3,275 which would put GAO at their fiscal year 1999 level and is well below their fiscal year 1995 staffing level of 4,342 FTE.  A total of $125 million is provided for the Capitol Police. This is an increase of $19 million over the enacted level. This will provide for 79 additional officers above the current level, which conforms with security recommendations, as well as related recruitment and training efforts.  It will also provide comparability for the Capitol Police in the pay scales of the Park Police and the Secret Service-Uniformed Division so the Capitol Police are able to retain their officers.  The Architect of the Capitol's budget totals $177 million, approximately $8 million above the enacted level, primarily for additional worker-safety and financial management-related activities.  We have sought to trim budget requests wherever appropriate and where we have identified problem areas. The most significant difference from the budget request is a reduction of $67 million from the Architect of the Capitol--$42 million of which is attributable to postponement of the Capitol Dome project pursuant to the request of the Architect.  We have appropriated money for the painting of the Dome to preserve it. We believe that we can get into this important building project in another year or so.  We have also recommended some very strong report language within the Architect's budget, directing them to improve their management with particular attention to worker safety, financial management, and strategic planning. I am very troubled by the Architect's operation and intend to work to make much-needed changes. I hope this language sends a strong message to the Architect that we expect major overhauls of this agency--especially in the areas of worker safety and financial management.  We have made it clear to the Architect of the Capitol that the rate of worker injury is absolutely unacceptable in the Architect of the Capitol, which is four times the average rate of the Federal Government. This must end, and we will work to make it end.  Also included is approximately $6 million for the Botanic Garden, which is to open in November 2001.  For the Government Printing Office, a total of $110 million is included, of which $81 million is for Congressional printing and binding. The amount recommended will provide for normal pay and inflation-related increases.  For the Senate a total of $603.7 million is included. This represents an increase of $81.7 million above the current level and $14 million below the request.  Of the increase, $24 million is needed to meet the Senate funding resolution, another $24 million is associated with information technology-related activities such as the digital upgrade and studio digitization of the Senate recording studio, and the balance is attributable primarily to anticipated increases for agency contributions and cost-of-living adjustments.  This is a straight-forward recommendation and I urge my colleagues to support it.  With respect to the manager's amendment, it includes a provision on behalf of Senator Bingaman, adding $1 million to GAO's budget for a technology assessment pilot project, offset by a $1 million reduction in the Architect of the Capitol's budget. It also includes authority for the Architect to lease a particular property for the Capitol Police, for a vehicle maintenance facility, and technical corrections.  I thank two staffers who worked tirelessly on this bill. I thank Carolyn Apostolou with the Appropriations Committee. I thank her very much for the continuity which she has shown working first for Senator Bennett, and now for myself; and Pat Souters on my personal staff. I thank Chip Yost for his contribution to this as well.  I yield the floor to my colleague, Senator Bennett.  