President, of all the people who live in America who might have been considered for this position, I find it curious this man, John Graham, is the choice of President Bush to head up a sensitive office, this office which literally will make a decision on rules and regulations which will have an impact on families not only today but for generations to come.  During the course of this debate, we have come to the floor and spelled out how Mr. John Graham has been more than just a person making a mathematical calculation about the cost of a regulation and whether it is warranted. He has held himself out to have scientific knowledge about things that are, frankly, way beyond his education. He is a person who has written in one of his books with the forward by Cass Sunstein, who has been quoted at length on the floor here supporting Mr. Graham, that he thinks in comparison to today's fertilizers, DDT is relatively nontoxic.  Of course, that is a view that has been rejected not only by the World Health Organization but by 90 nations, and banned with only two nations in the world making DDT.  For John Graham, there is doubt. He sees no health hazard on pesticides for fruit and vegetables, but the National Academy of Sciences, the National Institutes of Health, Consumers Union, and others say he is just plain wrong.  We have heard and read his statements on dioxin, which the Senator from Tennessee has valiantly tried to reconstruct here so they do not sound quite as bad, but it is the most dangerous toxic chemical known to man, and John Graham, the putative nominee here, thinks it has medicinal qualities. He is alone in that thinking. The EPA said his statement was irresponsible and inaccurate. They read it, too. He did not have his defense team at work there. They just read it and said from a scientific viewpoint it was indefensible.  What is this all about? What is the bottom line? Why is this man being nominated? Don't take my word for it. Go to the industry sources that watch these things like a hawk: the Plastic News, the newsletter of the plastic industry in America, May 7, 2001, about Mr. Graham:       He could lend some clout to plastics in his new job. The      job sounds boring and inside the beltway, but the office can      yield tremendous behind-the-scenes power. It acts as a      gatekeeper of Federal regulations ranging from air quality to      ergonomics. It has the power to review them and block those      if it chooses to. The Harvard Center for Risk Analysis, which      Graham founded and directed until Bush nominated him, gets a      significant part of its $3 million annual budget from      plastics and chemical companies. The Center's donor list      reads like a who's who of the chemical industry.  And they go on to list some of the sponsors of Dr. Graham's institute.  Graham is well thought of by the plastics industry. A person from the industry said the Bush administration intends to make this office more important than it was in the Clinton administration, elevating it to its intended status.  They have a big stick. If the President in office allows them to use it and if they have someone in office who knows how to use it. How would they possibly use it?  Do you remember arsenic in drinking water, how the administration scrambled away from it as soon as they announced it, and the American people looked at it in horror and disgust, that they would increase the tolerance levels of arsenic in drinking water? During the course of the Governmental Affairs hearing, we asked Dr. Graham, who tells us all about DDT and pesticides and dioxin, what he thought about arsenic. He said he didn't have an opinion.  Let me give you a direct quote. I want the Record to be complete on exactly what he said here. I asked him:       You have no opinion on whether arsenic is a dangerous      chemical?  Professor Graham replied:       I haven't had any experience dealing with the arsenic      issue, neither the scientific level nor the cost-     effectiveness level of control.  You have an open mind, my friend. Give him this job and he will have an open mind about arsenic in drinking water. He has an open mind about pesticides on fruits and vegetables. He has an open mind about dioxin and its medicinal purposes. He has an open mind about the future of DDT in comparison with other chemicals. And this is the man we want to put in control, the gatekeeper on rules and regulations about public health and safety and the environment?  That is why I have risen this evening to oppose this nomination. I thank my colleagues and all those who participated in this debate. I appreciate their patience. I know we have gone on for some time, but this much I will tell you. If Mr. Graham is confirmed, and it is likely he will be, he can rest assured that many of us in this Senate will be watching his office with renewed vigilance. To put this man in charge of this responsibility requires all of us who care about public health and safety and environmental protection to stay up late at night and read every word, to watch what is going on.  We don't need any more arsenic in drinking water regulations. We don't need to move away from environmental protection. We don't need to second-guess the medical experts on the dangers of pesticide residues on fruits and vegetables and the danger of dioxin. We need sound science and objectivity, and, sadly, John Graham cannot bring them to this position, and that is why I will vote no on his confirmation.  I yield the floor.  