President, last week I offered an amendment that would allow a needed land transfer agreement to take place in North Chicago among the Navy, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and the Finch Medical School.  The managers of this bill accepted my amendment and I thank them for their help. I want to take this opportunity to explain what the amendment does.  The Navy's only boot camp facility is at the Great Lakes Naval Training Center in North Chicago, IL. Its Recruit Training Center area is a very long, thin stretch of land hemmed in by railroad tracks and by land that the Navy transferred to the Department of Veterans Affairs, VA, many years ago. This layout forces recruits to do so much marching simply in the course of moving about the area in a normal day of training that these 19-year-olds have been suffering from overuse injuries.  Both the barracks and the large drilling facilities used by recruits were built hastily during World War II and are in desperate need of replacement. These military construction projects have been endorsed by the Navy and by Congress, but the layout of the Recruit Training Center must be modified before all the buildings needing replacement can be built.  The VA land adjacent to the Recruit Training Center was leased to the Finch Medical School, which is affiliated with the North Chicago Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center. The VA also has more land and buildings than it needs for veterans health care delivery today.  The Navy, the VA, and the Finch Medical School have been in negotiations to set up a land swap that would benefit all concerned. The Finch Medical School is amenable to giving up the land on which it carries a 99-year lease so that the Navy can use that land. The VA is willing to transfer the land the medical school has leased for other VA property that the VA no longer needs. I commend all the parties for their willingness to work together, compromise, and find a solution that benefits all parties. The details of this agreement are still being worked out, and a public hearing will be held on it as well.  This amendment simply authorizes the Navy to use up to $2 million of Operations and Maintenance funds to fulfill its obligations, once a final agreement is reached.  I appreciate the support from the bill's managers on this amendment. The rebuilt Recruit Training Center area will allow a major improvement in the training environment as well as the quality of life for new recruits. This amendment is absolutely necessary for the Navy to carry out the plans for its new Recruit Training Center.  