President, I rise today to introduce bipartisan legislation known as the Fair Trade Law Reform Act of 2001 with my colleagues Senators Rockefeller, Byrd, Hollings, Specter, and Mikulski. This legislation will change for the better the way we trade with our global trading partners.  We talked a lot about trade in the last Congress. We voted to extend Permanent Normal Trade Relations status to China. We debated and passed the Africa Growth and Opportunities Act. Now, we have a new administration asking for Trade Promotion Authority and bilateral trade agreements with Jordan and Vietnam.  Today, we have just passed the President's tax bill. As far as I am concerned, the Congress and more specifically the Senate Committee on Finance should now turn its attention to the important matter of trade between our country and our global trading partners around the world. We need to have a discussion about what we are doing to make sure our manufacturers, our steel makers, our textile workers and our farmers are able to compete on a level playing field.  One industry, in particular, has been facing a deluge of imports from some 30 nations. The U.S. steel industry has for the last 4 years been battered by imports from foreign countries. We know from prior unfair trade cases that much of it is being dumped on our shores, and subsidized by foreign governments, at prices that are at historic lows. And we are talking about blatant subsidization. Look at the Korean government's relation to Hanbo and Posco. To this date, they have not fully divested their government role in those two steelmaking entities.  Many of the same nations who have been exporting steel to the U.S., have erected import restraints in their own countries or have filed dumping cases to keep this deluge from their own shores. The U.S. has become the export market of first and last resort for the whole world.  Some of these same nations throughout Europe and Asia, who erected trade barriers to this onslaught because of the harm it threatened over there, are arguing that our industry is not similarly threatened, or that our law doesn't permit us to take remedial action, even temporarily. Some argue that the industry has not been sufficiently harmed by this situation. Notenough firms have gone under, not enough workers have been laid off. In other words, in order to prove sufficient harm to save your job, you must first lose it.  One week ago today, Northwestern Wire and Rod in Sterling, IL, shut down its furnace. It will roll out the rest of its billets and then close its doors. That's almost 1,500 employees. Over one-third of the residents of Sterling get their health insurance through Northwestern steel. Acme Steel has had financial difficulties. Five Illinois steel companies have either shut their doors or declared bankruptcy since 1998 and I don't see an end in sight.  My constituents are told that this is just the ``free market'' at work. That this is just the world markets working out the kinks. I find all this incredible. Some of these other nations must be laughing up their sleeves at our apparent helplessness and we are the only ones who don't get the joke.  Let me state for the record: I believe that free trade is very important for the United States. I also believe that fair trade is just as important. We are not helpless. We do not expect our businesses to all go under, our workers to all be laid off, before we wake up and take action.  We must take action in the 107th Congress to address basic inadequacies of our trade laws. We have made it easier to send our products and services to other countries. Yet, we haven't seemed to be able to address successfully the steel crisis that's been with us now for nearly 4 years.  Our trade laws, particularly the antidumping and countervailing duty laws, have long been, and remain, critically important to the U.S. manufacturing sector. They are the last line of defense for U.S. industries, operating on market-economy principles, against injury caused by unfairly traded imports. The heart of U.S. trade policy maintains that while America keeps an open market to fairly traded goods of any origin, our industries and workers will not be subject to injury from unfairly traded imports because the trade laws will be enforced and kept up-to-date.  The last general reform of the U.S. trade laws, unconnected to any particular trade agreement, occurred more than a decade ago. In that time, the problems to which these laws must respond have changed considerably, as underscored by the late 1990s Asian and Russian economic conflagrations and the ripple effect of results felt worldwide. It has become painfully clear that current trade laws are either incapable of responding to the kinds of sudden import surges--causing dramatic and rapid injury--or we have had various administrations that were unable to enforce them.  Our trade laws themselves are fully consistent with WTO rules. But they need to be revisited and made stronger. This bipartisan legislation would do several things:  First, we should strengthen section 201 language by removing a very high causation standard and replacing that standard with a lower threshold by which U.S. industries and workers can prove their cases more easily. Let me state for the record that if we reform our trade laws and we ensure our trading partners know we are serious about enforcing those laws, the incentive to dump steel or other imported products will be reduced.  Second, the AD/CVD sections of this bill respond to the fact that current U.S. law makes relief unnecessarily difficult to obtain, imposing standards more onerous than those in the relevant WTO agreements. By updating the antidumping and countervailing duty laws, in light of new global economic realities to which those laws must now respond, we will reverse errant court decisions that had limited the laws' remedial reach in a manner never contemplated by the Congress.  And finally, we will establish a steel import monitoring provision, comparable to WTO-compatible programs maintained by other WTO members such as the EU, Canada, and Mexico.  The Congress, I might add, has not been silent during this debate over the last several years. We have had extensive debate in both the House and Senate and we passed the Byrd-Durbin Steel Loan Guarantee Program last year. This legislation was intended to provide immediate relief to qualified steel firms that have fallen on hard times. Unfortunately, the loan guarantee wasn't as successful as we had hoped. Despite a guarantee of 85 percent by the Federal Government, private creditors didn't step up to the plate and do their part to help our Nation's steel industry.  So, despite our still growing economy, despite our efforts to date, despite fiscal dilemmas in other parts of the world, we can't forget the steel industry. With over 10,000 steelworkers out of jobs and imports still fluctuating, I want to go home and tell my constituents in the steel pipe and tube industry that we have a solution to their woes. Let's send a clear signal to our trading partners, to our farmers, and to our manufacturers that we don't intend to stand by and lose more and more jobs because of unfair trading practices.  I thank my colleagues for helping me draft this legislation and I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Finance Committee to having hearings, to marking up this important piece of legislation, and enacting it into law.  