President, it should not come as a surprise the Senator from Texas says since she put a limitation on attorney's fees, few cases are filed. That is no surprise. The poor children in this District looking for special education cannot get attorneys who will do it for $3,000. What happens to those kids? They end up sitting in the back of the classroom, falling behind. They become discouraged and drop out. Then think of the problems that follow in their lives.  What a great solution offered by the Senator. We are keeping out of special education kids who have learning disabilities, mental and physical handicaps. That is the outcome. We can tighten up the system even more, I say to the Senator from Texas, by limiting how many children can go into special education. Then think of how much money would be spent per pupil. That is not fair. It is not just.  When she says we ought to do this because the DC public school board wants it done, I am sorry, I have seen the DC public schools. I have seen reports on them for years. And I frankly think the management of the DC public schools could be a heck of a lot better. It is one of the reasons the District of Columbia, year in and year out, has such poor ratings by the Annie Casey Foundation when it comes to the quality of life for children.  Let me tell you something else the DC public schools did not tell you. The average cost per case before the Hutchison cap for attorney's fees, for those representing kids going into special education, was between $7,500 and $10,000. That is the average. Senator Hutchison gives reference to $1 million here and $1 million there. That is not the case.  What you have here is as a result of the Hutchison amendment, the DC city council has said we should keep in mind in voting against the Hutchison amendment--8 out of 13 members of the city council said by putting the Hutchison cap on the payment of fees for those who want to get kids into special education, it makes it more difficult for the kids to get the education to which they are entitled.  It discriminates against low-income families. Make no mistake, if you live in the DC area and you want to get your child into special education, and you are wealthy, you will hire a lawyer. But if you are poor, you are out of luck under the Hutchison amendment. The effect of the cap is to treat the children in the District of Columbia differently than any other State, including the State of Texas.  The way to improve special education, according to the District of Columbia city council, is programmatic. Improve the programs rather than limit the advocacy. The fact is, the inefficiency of the DC public school system, their inability to deal with the legal challenges that face them, has led to this problem.  Although the Hutchison amendment in the last 3 years may have made us feel good about limiting DC liability, we have not done it. During that period of time, the amounts awarded to attorneys for the work they have done have continued to grow and interest has continued to grow. There will be a day of reckoning for the District of Columbia. It is time for us to face reality. These are legitimate debts of the District for attorneys who have represented some of the poorest kids in the District of Columbia. If a cap on attorney's fees in the State of Texas is not a good idea, it is not a good idea in the District of Columbia.  I ask Members to remember the simple fairness that if we stand for special education and access for all children, poor and rich alike, you cannot deny for those poor children the voice and the process they need to get into school. The Hutchison amendment denies to these children and their families a chance for special education. That is wrong. It is unjust. I hope my colleagues will join me in voting against the Hutchison amendment.  