President, in 10 minutes or so, the Senate will be voting on my pending amendment. I believe the Senator from Montana has been given authority to offer a motionto table the amendment. But I want my colleagues who come to this Chamber to understand what the nature of this amendment is because it is very simple and straightforward.  My amendment will simply prohibit new mineral leases from being issued in designated national monuments. It does not affect any existing, valid right, or prevent leasing in any area that was authorized for mineral activity when the monument was established.  That description is pretty legal. Let me try to translate it so that those who have not followed this debate will understand what is at issue.  We have designated, in this country, various national monuments. These are tracts of land which Presidents of the United States, since Teddy Roosevelt, have set aside saying that they have special importance and value to the future of our country. These tracts of land have been set aside by all but three Presidents since President Roosevelt. President Nixon, President Reagan, and former President Bush did not establish national monuments. Virtually every other President--Democrat and Republican alike--made these designations. And, of course, this national monument land occasionally will mature into something which Congress decides is of great value.  When you look at former national monuments, they include the Grand Canyon--designated first as a national monument--Glacier Bay, Zion National Park, and Acadia National Park.  So though I use the term ``national monument,'' most Americans are familiar with the term ``national park.'' Although they are not the same legally, the fact is that many of our national parks began as national monuments.  We have taken great care when it comes to these national monuments to say that they are so special and important that we will be careful what we do with them once we have designated them as treasures for our Nation to protect.  The reason I have offered this amendment is that we have had a clear indication from the current administration and the White House--President George W. Bush and his Secretary of the Interior, Gale Norton--that they are now going to explore the options of drilling for oil and gas and mining minerals in this national monument space designated by the previous administration.  The House of Representatives, when they considered this, on a strong bipartisan rollcall, agreed with my amendment and said we should prohibit this administration and this White House from drilling for oil and gas in national monument tracts across America.  This land is too valuable to our Nation, it is too valuable to our national heritage, to say to any oil company or gas drilling company or mining company: Please come take a look at our national monuments as a possible place to drill and to make a profit.  Some will argue--and they have in this Chamber--that it is shortsighted for us to limit any drilling for oil and gas or the mining of minerals at a time when our Nation faces a national energy crisis or an energy challenge. I disagree. Of all of the Federal land owned in the United States by taxpayers, 95 percent of it is open to oil and gas drilling and mining. We have said, if you can find those resources on that public land, we believe it will not compromise the environment nor jeopardize an important national treasure to go ahead and drill. But for 5 percent--one acre out of 20--of Federal public lands which we have designated as special lands--monuments; some may someday be a national park--in those lands we do not want to have that kind of exploration and economic exploitation.  If some step back and say: You must be turning your back on a great amount of energy resources if the Durbin amendment is enacted and prohibits the oil and gas drilling on these national monument lands, in fact, that is not the case at all. The U.S. Geologic Service did a survey of these national monument lands to determine just how much oil and gas there would be available. After they had done their survey, they established that all of the monuments I have protected with this amendment all of them combined have economically recoverable oil as a portion of total U.S. consumption that amounts to 15 days, 12 hours, and 28 minutes of energy. When it comes to gas: 7 days, 2 hours, and 11 minutes in terms of our national energy consumption. It is a tiny, minuscule, small part of the energy picture.  I have listened to some of my colleagues from other States talk about our energy crisis. You would believe that the only way we could keep the price of a gallon of gasoline under control is to allow the oil companies to go in and drill on lands that have been set aside by administrations to be protected because of their important historic and natural value to the United States. That is not the case.  In fact, there are many things we can and should do to deal with our energy crisis. I do not believe we have reached a point where this energy crisis or challenge should be used as a battering ram to beat down that which we hold sacred in this country. I think it is pretty clear, on a bipartisan basis, that at least Senators in this Chamber do not want to see us drill for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, as President Bush has proposed.  I think it is also clear when it comes to drilling off our coastal shores, there are many States, including the State of Florida--coincidentally, governed by a man with the same surname as the President--that don't want to see drilling offshore. They think it is too dangerous when it comes to spoiling the beaches and the recreational activity that are part of the States of Florida, California, and others.  This amendment says there is also an area of America we should take care not to exploit as well, and it is the national monument space.  The Senator from Montana has offered a motion to table my amendment. He opposes it. He has stated his position very effectively. But I would implore my colleagues on both sides to understand that this is a bipartisan amendment. It is an amendment which was supported by Democrats and Republicans in the House of Representatives because when it comes to conservation and the protection of our natural resources, why in the world should this be a partisan issue?  Teddy Roosevelt was a great Republican. Franklin Roosevelt was a great Democrat. All of these Presidents set aside land that was important for future generations.  I am certain that some Republican President--either now or in the future--will do the same. And I hope that Democratic Members of Congress will respect it. But if we are going to show respect for these national monuments, we have to understand that allowing for the drilling of oil and gas runs the risk of spoiling a national treasure.  I have asked my colleagues to also consider the fact that the Bureau of Land Management has told us that 95 percent of the Federal land is already open for this kind of exploration to find these sources of energy. We are not closing that down.  This amendment makes it very clear that if there is a national monument designated somewhere where they have established that oil and gas drilling will not jeopardize it, that will continue. If it is an existing lease, this amendment does not affect it. The only impact it will have is on the national monument space designated by the previous administration.  One of my colleagues from the State of Utah came to this Chamber and was clearly disappointed, to say the least, by the designation of a national monument in his State. The fact is, the national monument is there. We are saying, with this amendment: Keep the oil companies, keep the gas companies, keep the mining companies off of that national monument land.  In 1906, Teddy Roosevelt established Devils Tower in Wyoming as our first national monument. I take great pride in hoping that the Senate will carry on in his tradition of standing up to special interest groups which, frankly, want to make a profit; they want to come in and drill on Federal public land, land owned by all of us as taxpayers to make a profit. They are in business to make a profit. But I invite them to make that profit in other places, not on these lands that have a special import and a special significance for all of Americans living today and for future generations.  This administration has been challenged for the last 6 months on environmental issues. They have not been as sensitive as they should have. TheAmerican people have said, overwhelmingly, they want an administration in the White House that understands that though energy is important, we cannot compromise important values in this country such as environmental protection and protecting our national monument lands.  I hope this Senate, on a strong bipartisan vote, will reject the motion to table offered by the Senator from Montana and will enact the Durbin amendment which protects these lands and says to the Bush White House: Help us find other sources of energy, other sources of energy that do not compromise important and pristine areas in this country.  There are things we can and should do as a nation to deal with energy: Sustainable, renewable, clean energy; finding ways to conserve; having Congress accept its responsibility when it comes to fuel efficiency in the vehicles that we drive.  These are the things that are going to help us be a better nation in the 21st century. To stick with the philosophy and notion of the 19th and 20th centuries, to drill and burn our way into the future is so shortsighted. To think we would even consider going to lands such as national monument land that has such special value to every American citizen would be a serious mistake.  I urge all of my colleagues to vote against the motion to table and, once it has been defeated, to support the passage of the Durbin amendment.  I yield the floor.  