President, let me say to my colleagues and those who are following this debate that I want to give you a political science 101 introductory course on how you can evaluate what politicians say and what they mean.  Don't pay attention to the words coming out of our mouths because many times we give speeches that may lead you to conclusions that may not be factual. Instead, look at what we do. Read the conference report for H. Con. Res. 83, the budget resolution. Ignore, if you will, some of the great speeches and some of the posing for holy pictures on the floor of the Senate and this commitment to education we have heard about for 2 weeks. Instead, look at the budget resolution we will vote on tomorrow.  The budget resolution we will vote on tomorrow has no commitment to improving education in America. The speeches notwithstanding, we have walked away from that rhetoric. We have not backed it up with reality. We have not backed it up with facts. We have given our speeches. We have heard the applause. Many of us have been elected and reelected as education Senators. Then tomorrow, watch the rollcall on H. Con. Res. 83 and find out how many are voting yes or actually voting against any increases in funding for education.  Why? Because this White House and this President have a higher priority than education. What is it? A tax cut for the wealthiest people in America. President Bush has proposed a tax cut that gives to people making over $300,000 a year a $46,000 tax break. Imagine. You have $25,000 a month coming in, and the President says you need a tax break.  I will tell you who the people are who need a tax break. It is the folks who are paying for gasoline in the Midwest and heating bills during the winter and families struggling to put their kids through school. We need a commitment in this Congress from Democrats and Republicans to get beyond campaign rhetoric and put money into education.  This budget resolution does not deserve the vote of those who claim to be standing for education.  I yield the floor.  