President, I thank my colleagues for coming together on the floor this morning. All Members who were present on Saturday for the inauguration of the new President realize it was an exciting and historic moment for our Nation. The weather did not cooperate; it was pretty miserable outside. We all felt honored to be there, to see once again this unique part of American history where we transfer power peacefully, even when we have been fighting like cats and dogs between the political parties leading up to the election.  I wish the new President the very best, even from this side of the aisle. We are hopeful his leadership will be successful and that he will bring our Nation together as he has promised.  We on the Democratic side have tried to be cooperative. There was a brief moment which we affectionately refer to as the ``age of enlightenment'' where the Democrats were in charge of the Senate for about 17 days and then the leadership was transferred again on Saturday back to the Republican side.  The President has sent us 13 nominations for the Cabinet which, of course, is his effort to bring his team together as quickly as he can. On Saturday, immediately after the President was sworn in, we approved 7 of those 13. To put that in context, when last we had a Democratic President and a Democratic Congress, on the first day after the swearing in, only three members of the Cabinet were approved.  We are doing our very best on a bipartisan basis to give the President his team. There will be several other nominees for the Cabinet positions who will be considered this week. I assume most of them will be approved by the Senate. There are two or three who are controversial that may take a little longer. We are going to try to move, I am sure, in a reasonable manner to engage any floor debate and to reach a point where the President knows his team will be in place at some close date.  I am happy that President Bush has made education the first issue. I think that was the right choice, the right issue. Time and again when you ask Americans, rich and poor alike, what is the most important issue facing America, the answer is always education. I think it is because the term ``education'' embodies so many ideas and concepts which we value in America. Education means opportunity. Education means giving a person a chance to improve themselves. Education in our culture and economy means that a person of very humble origins can rise to a position where they can be successful in so many different ways. That is why education should be the first issue that we debate.  I am hoping, after listening to the description of the President's education package, there will be a lot of bipartisan agreement when it comes to education. Some of the concepts that have been mentioned this morning are certainly concepts I endorse. I think about my own home State of Illinois and the Chicago public school system. This is a public school system which only a few years ago was written off by the Secretary of Education, Bill Bennett, as the worst in America.  I daresay today what is happening in Chicago is exciting, and in terms of big city school districts, may be one of the most promising programs in the United States of America. The leadership of Mayor Richard Daley, the leadership of the President of the school board, Gary Chico, and the CEO of Chicago schools, Paul Vallas, really took on a major challenge. In the Chicago public school system, 95 percent of the students are minority, 85 percent are below the poverty level. Imagine, if you will, that as your student enrollment.  Consider that you inherit a school system that is almost dead last in America in achievement. In a very short period of time, a few years, they have turned that system around, and they have come a long way by just addressing a few basic principles. The principles are fairly obvious to all of us as parents who have had children who have gone to school.  First is accountability at all levels so the administrators and principals are held responsible for bringing a team of teachers together, and the parents and students, in creating a successful learning environment; accountability for the teachers so they come to the class prepared and are good teachers; accountability for the students and their parents. All of these have come together. They have conceded that at times these experiments have failed.  There have been several occasions now when the Chicago public school system has announced a school has failed and they have basically taken the team of administrators and teachers, brought them in and said: You are finished. You had your chance. We are not going to leave kids in this classroom if they are not learning. This group is disbanded. We will start over. They didn't tear the school down. They didn't close the school. They said: We are going to bring a new group of teachers and administrators to give these kids a chance.  If I am the parent of a student in one of those classrooms, that is exactly what I want to see. It does me no good as a parent to know that the school system is doing well. If my child is not doing well, I have a responsibility as a parent to be part of that, too. So they bring the parents in to be part of this learning process.  So when I hear the question of accountability and President Bush's education package, I endorse it. I think it is a sound idea. It is one that we should include.  I might also say the idea of testing is one that I think is important. I hated tests as a student. Don't most? Most students would rather not take a test. A test is the only objective way in many respects to measure progress. It is not the only way. Some students may not test well but may be learning. We have to make that accommodation. But using testing to measure the progress of a student makes sense.  The big debate around here is whether we have national testing. That is voluntary now in the United States and will probably continue to be. I invite those school districts that believe they are doing the right thing to voluntarily sign up for those tests that Chicago has. We as a nation shouldn't take any comfort in the fact that some school districts are doing well and some not so well. All those students are going to be our citizens and leaders of tomorrow. If they are not equipped and skilled, our Nation will suffer. When we have national testing to determine whether or not the students in Oregon and the students in Oregon, IL, are learning math and learning science, and learning what they need to succeed, I think it gives us a good idea as to whether our approach to education is succeeding as well.  We also, I hope, in the course of this bill, will address some fundamental changes in our vision of a schoolday. Why in the world do we start a school- day at 8:30 in the morning and end it at 3 in the afternoon? There might have been a time when that made sense, but it doesn't today. The vast majority of kids have their parents working, so these kids get off school at 3 in the afternoon, in many cases without any adult supervision. Ask the police chief in your hometown what happens at 3:30 at the mall or at the shopping center. Ask the people who keep statistics at what period of time are teenage girls most likely to become pregnant. Don't be surprised; it is in that period between 3 o'clock and when the parents finally get home from work.  So when we talk about afterschool programs, it is to provide positive adult supervision so kids can continue their learning experience. It might not be the same learning experience as sitting in a classroom. Perhaps it will be music or art or sports or developing skills on computers. Perhaps it is just supervised time so they can do their homework. But I think afterschool programs should be part of modern America, to make sure parents can be confident their kids are using their time well.  The same thing with the summer school programs. Why do we still have 3 months off in the summer? It is hard to explain. There was a time when kids had to get out of school to go help on the farm. That isn't the big challenge today in most families. I think we ought to have summer school, enrichment programs and tutorial programs so kids can use that time as well.  So I think there are many things we can do in order to make our educational system better. I am glad the President has brought this issue to us. I believe he will find bipartisan support for many of his proposals on education.  There is one thing that was not mentioned on the other side in describing the President's plan, and I hope we can consider it. When the American Society of Civil Engineers assessed the infrastructure of America last year, the schools came in dead last. Our school buildings are old and crumbling. In many respects the schools are in worse shape than our water treatment systems and our sewage treatment systems in America. It suggests to me that school construction is a important part of a challenge to local property taxpayers in school districts and I hope we can include it in this debate.  The other issue that is going to be brought before us very quickly is the whole question of a tax cut. There is nothing more popular for a politician to suggest than: I am going to cut your taxes. Frankly, I believe there should be a tax cut in light of the enormous surpluses which our good economy, as well as the policies and programs of the last few years, is generating. We have created a system where, for the first time, we are paying down the national debt. That has not happened for 30 years. We are dealing with balanced budgets and paying down the debt. But make no mistake, we are still at this point in time dealing with a huge national debt.  I called this morning to the Department of the Treasury to ask them what is our current debt. They gave me the debt of America as of today. When you add that debt together here is what it comes to: $5,728,195,796,181. That is the accumulated debt of America that we currently have to pay off.  How do we pay it off? We reduce it as long as we are running surpluses and don't spend them on something else. But each day in America we collect $1 billion in taxes from wage earners, from families, from businesses, from farmers, and that money is used exclusively to pay interest on the old debt. It does not build a new school. It doesn't educate a child. It does not buy us any tanks or guns or planes. It is used to pay interest on old debt.  Many of us believe, in the discussion of what to do with the surplus, we should not lose sight of the most important single thing we can do, and that is eliminate this debt burden which we are passing on to the next generation. To celebrate a tax cut and ignore this, I think is to ignore the reality of what our children and grandchildren will face. I hope we can have a balanced approach with this surplus.  First be sensible. Don't assume, because some economists can think ahead 4 and 5 years, or even 10, and say, oh, you are going to have a surplus forever, that that is gospel truth. These economists tend to disagree all of the time. We have to be careful that we do not overestimate the projected surplus, be careful in how much money we think we will have. Then, once we have that money, we have to allocate at least a third of it to reducing the national debt so we do not have to collect all these taxes to pay interest on old debts which previous generations have incurred.  Second, we have to make sure we invest enough in Social Security and Medicare so that these systems will not go bankrupt. Mr. President, 40 million-plus Americans depend on these systems to sustain them, and Social Security payments, to make sure they have quality health care--seniors and disabled Americans. If we have a surplus lets make sure we invest from our surplus into Social Security and Medicare for that purpose.  Finally, of course, I support a tax cut. The Democrats and Republicans both support tax cuts. My take on it may be a little different than that of some of my colleagues. I do not believe the tax cuts should go to the wealthiest people in America. I happen to think we ought to focus on struggling working families. I listen to the telephone calls coming into my office in Chicago and Springfield and Marion, IL. I can tell you right now with what families are struggling. They are struggling to pay heating bills. Families have seen a dramatic increase in their heating bills in the Midwest. They have seen a dramatic increase over the last several years in the costs of college education. They are facing ongoing increases in the costs of child care. Any working parent wants to leave that son or daughter in the hands of qualified people. Yet it becomes increasingly expensive for them to pay for day care.  I receive telephone calls and read letters where people say: Senator, I have reached a point where my family is doing well but my parent now is reaching a point where he--or she--needs more and more attention and care. We are glad to give it, but it is expensive. Can you help us with that?  When you are talking about long-term care, when you are talking about child care, when you are talking about the expenses to put someone through college or even the expenses of heating your home, the average working family is struggling to make ends meet. When we talk about a tax cut, let us focus on helping those families first. The wealthiest in America are doing OK. They will continue to do fine. They may have a tax cut but it should not be at the expense of working families.  I yield the floor.  