We clearly have a different point of view. If you listened to his argument, you would think the Durbin amendment would prohibit oil and gas exploration on 95 percent of Federal lands saying that we can only use 5 percent for that purpose. Exactly the opposite is true.  Currently, we can explore for oil and gas on 95 percent of lands under the Bureau of Land Management--Federal public lands which are open to find energy resources to serve our Nation's needs. I am not arguing with that. I accept that.  This amendment says that for 5 percent--1 acre out of 20--we are going to treat it differently. These are national monuments. These are special lands. These are not your run-of-the-mill pieces of real estate. These are lands designated by President Clinton, and monuments that have been designated by previous Presidents, that are being protected and treated differently.  The Durbin amendment says: No oil and gas drilling or mining in the new national monuments designated by the previous administration--a relatively small piece of real estate that has special important value.  The Senator from Idaho has said I am trying to come up with a hard-line choice here. Guilty as charged. It is a hard-line choice. It is a choice that says there are certain pieces of real estate in America worth fighting for and worth protecting and worth saying to private industry--whether it is big oil or big gas--keep your hands off. You have plenty of other real estate to look at. Don't go up to the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and don't go into the national monuments designated by President Clinton because I want to be able to take my grandson one day to take a look at them and see the beauty that God created and not have to duck the pipelines and the trucks and all the economic activity of people trying to make a buck off Federal public lands.  Ninety-five percent of the Federal public lands are open to this exploration. For 5 percent there should be a different standard. Yes, there should be a hard-line choice.  Let me address for a second the issue that has been brought up over and over again: What about our energy crisis? We do face an energy challenge. There is no doubt about it. In my home State of Illinois, and across the United States, in the last calendar year we have seen some terrible examples. Home heating bills have gone up dramatically in my home State of Illinois, and other places; electric bills in the State of California; gasoline prices between Easter and Memorial Day--that has now become the play period for big oil companies. They run the gasoline prices up a buck a gallon between Easter and Memorial Day, and then after every politician gets a head of steam and starts screaming at them, they bring them back down. I would like to believe this has something to do with whether or not we are going to drill for oil in a national monument, but honestly I do not.  We are victims of oil companies now that are making decisions that havelittle or nothing to do with supply and demand. This is the only industry I know that can consistently guess wrong in terms of the supply available to sell and make record profits. And they have done it consistently for 2 straight years.  So to argue that the only way to deal with our energy challenge and the OPEC stranglehold is to start drilling for oil and gas in precious lands set aside as national monuments is so shortsighted. Are we so bereft of original and innovative ideas in Congress and in Washington that we cannot think of another way to help provide modern, sustainable, reliable energy to America other than to drill for oil and gas in our national monument lands? I do not think so.  I think there are other ways--sustainable, renewable fuels, conservation; things that work, things you will be proud of, 21st century thinking--not the drill-and-burn thinking of the 20th century and the 19th century that has inspired this administration to decide that, unlike President Teddy Roosevelt, this Republican President is ready to start exploring and looking for oil and gas in these national monuments.  We can end our dependence on foreign oil, but we don't have to do it at the expense of America's national and natural treasures. I urge my colleagues in both political parties to agree with me that setting aside 5 percent of Federal lands, keeping them separate and sacred, is worth the investment. We can find another answer, an answer that preserves those lands for future generations and still meets the energy needs of America.  If there are other Senators seeking recognition on this amendment, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Inhofe). The Senator from Utah.  