President, I rise today in opposition to the current bankruptcy reform bill, S. 420, as written and reported out of the Judiciary Committee last week. Let me say from the outset that I support many aspects of bankruptcy reform. I support the right of financial service companies to have reasonable protection from spurious claims of bankruptcy, from outlandish loopholes that leave some assets untouchable. I support the right of consumers to have better protection from aggressive credit card solicitations and other offers of easy credit that can easily trap people into massive debt. I support reforms that strike the proper balance--and that is the key word, balance--between the needs of business in America and the needs of consumers. That is why I oppose this bankruptcy bill in its current form. I sincerely hope the Members of the Senate will be open to some of the amendments offered in a good faith effort to make this a better bill.  A little over 4 years ago, I served on the Judiciary subcommittee and was ranking Democrat when my chairman, Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa, joined with me in preparing a bipartisan bill which passed on the floor of the Senate with an overwhelming vote. If my memory serves me, over 97 Members voted in support of that bankruptcy reform. I was proud to join in that vote because I believed that the bill was balanced, was honest, would reform the system, and do it in a sensible fashion.  Sadly, the conference committee that was called between the House and the Senate after passage of that bill literally did not allow participation by every Senator. Figuratively, there was a sign outside the door that said, ``Democrats not allowed.'' Then the bill came back from the conference committee with no input from the Democratic side of the aisle, was brought to the floor, President Clinton threatened a veto, and the bill basically languished in the Senate.  Two years later, another effort was made. This time, I was not part of the committee process. Senator Torricelliof New Jersey played that role. He and Senator Grassley also worked on a bill with amendments added that I believed could be supported again. It received a substantial vote on the floor of the Senate, went into the meat grinder of the conference committee, and came out loaded with provisions which, frankly, were unfair to consumers across America. President Clinton threatened a veto of that bill, and it basically sat on the calendar until it was far too late for any action to be taken.  That is an indication of the history of an effort to modify and reform the bankruptcy system but to do it in a bad way. I believe my colleague, Senator Grassley, who is on the floor at this moment, and other Senators have come to this process in good faith. I think we have a chance with this bill, and some good amendments to it, to bring forth a piece of legislation that may not please everyone in the credit industry--it certainly won't please everyone who is fighting for the rights of consumers across America--but tries to strike a balance, a fair balance so both sides give something and ultimately justice is served.  This constant theme has guided me through the years in the bankruptcy debate--balanced reform. I do not believe you could have meaningful bankruptcy reform without addressing both sides of the problem: Irresponsible debtors and irresponsible creditors.  I agree that many people who go into bankruptcy court file to abuse the system, to game the system, to avoid their responsibility to pay their just debts. I believe that is the case, and this is certainly an area in need of responsible reform.  Particularly urgent is the need to address abuses by those who have considerable assets and are using bankruptcy with impunity as a financial shield. I am thinking here of those infamous cases where wealthy homeowners sink their assets into properties that are protected from discharge during bankruptcy, or criminals who declare bankruptcy to escape financial penalties they brought on themselves by their crimes.  But there are abuses and imbalances on the other side of the ledger as well. Financial abuses are certainly not limited just to those who owe money. Those who make it their business to extend credit can step over the line as well: Financial service companies extending credit well beyond a debtor's ability to pay and then expecting Congress to bail them out from their unsound lending practices; special interests who seek protection for their specific piece of the assets pie without considering issues of basic fairness or the need to leave some debtors with enough assets for critical family obligations such as paying child support. I think we are all aware of this situation. I don't believe we should ration credit in America.  I believe that we have a moral and legal obligation to inform consumers of their responsibilities and let them make sensible, well-informed decisions about their credit limits.  Those of us who go home regularly and open mail to find another credit card solicitation understand that this industry literally showers America with billions of solicitations for new credit card debt virtually every year. Many people who are being offered credit cards, frankly, shouldn't take another credit card. They are in over their heads. Many of these companies that are trying to lure them into their credit operation don't think twice about it. They, frankly, don't care how many credit cards you have. They would like to see you take another two credit cards and pile them on their own credit card, even if you had a turn of bad events--lost your job, went through a divorce, or maybe incurred some medical bills you never expected.  Financial predators praying on the most vulnerable members of society using deceit to lure them into usurious transactions should not be rewarded in this law.  Central to the debate on this issue must be the question, What are we really trying to solve? If the problem is the increase in filing of personal bankruptcies, then we ought to take a look at the numbers. Perhaps this problem is starting to resolve itself.  When we began the bankruptcy debate several years ago, bankruptcy filings were not only up but they had reached record-setting levels.  When the credit industry first came to me with their issue, they said: We just can't understand why we are having 25 or 30-percent increases of bankruptcy filings every year. In a situation where the prosperity of this country is well documented, why are so many people going to bankruptcy court? Many of them should not. There were 1.44 million bankruptcy filings in calendar year 1998, of which 1.39 million, or 96.3 percent, were consumer bankruptcies.  Let me see if I can find the chart to show that.  This shows the national bankruptcy data by chapters of those filing. You can see by this number that the filings in 1997 under chapter 7 were 989,372, reaching a higher level of over 1 million in 1998, coming down in 1999, and down further still in the year 2000. The same trend can be found in the same filings for chapter 11 and chapter 13 as well.  What we see then is that over time, this problem, without the passage of Federal legislation, has started to resolve itself. I can't predict what the year 2018 will show. If this slowdown in the economy results in more filings, it is fairly predictable. If we were worried about people who were taking advantage of the bankruptcy system in good times who really didn't need to--we can see that there has been a decline in the number of filings even before we consider the current legislation--no one can say what the future is going to bring in terms of filings. We all recognize that the economic climate is uncertain.  Nevertheless, the data on hand suggests that the so-called explosion of personal bankruptcies has come to an end even without this legislation.  As I said a moment ago, there are areas of bankruptcy law that are still in need of reform. Three years ago, I worked to develop a bipartisan, balanced bankruptcy bill that addressed irresponsible debtors and irresponsible creditors. Ninety-eight Senators voted for it. They agreed that that legislation eliminated abuses on both sides of the ledger while making available information that permitted consumers to make an informed financial decision. That bill was decimated in conference, as I mentioned.  Our bill in the 105th Congress included debtor-specific information that would enable credit card holders to examine their current credit card debt in tangible, real, and understandable terms driving home the seriousness of their financial situation.  My idea was very basic and simple. Every credit card statement ought to say that if you make the minimum monthly payment required by this company, it will take you x number of months to pay off the balance. When you pay it off, this is how much you will have paid in interest and how much you will have paid in principal.  When I made this suggestion, the credit card industry said that it was impossible for them to calculate their information; and if they had to do this on every monthly statement, it was well beyond their means.  I find this incredible, in the day and age of technology and computers, when calculations are being made instantaneously, that they could not put on each monthly statement how many months it would take to pay off the balance if only the minimum monthly payment was made. I don't believe it; never have. I think they are ducking their responsibility. They don't want consumers to know if they make that minimum monthly payment, they are never going to pay off the balance. It might take 8 years. They end up paying a lot more interest than principal.  Why is this important for consumers? Frankly, so they will be informed. They may think twice about making the minimum monthly payment if they cannot afford it. They may think twice about adding more credit to their card. They will be informed consumers making judicious decisions instead of people making decisions without the information available.  I don't think the credit card industry is showing good faith. This is an amendment which they should accept. It would be a good-faith indication to me that they are prepared to go that extra step not to issue credit but to inform creditors. They have been refusing to do it.  This bill also fails to close the homestead loophole. The homestead loophole is a State-by-State creation. Ineach State, the decision is made as to what they can really accept from bankruptcy; in other words, what can be protected for you personally if you file for bankruptcy.  One of the areas is the so-called homestead exemption for your home; your residence. Each State has a different standard. Some States are very strict and some are wide open.  Under this bill, someone renting or someone with less wealth will get to keep nothing. But a home owner who has equity in a home that has existed prior to the 2-year cutoff can keep all of his equity. Failing to put a real hard cap on this provision only benefits the rich.  My colleague, Senator Kohl of Wisconsin, has said on many occasions that we ought to get rid of this exemption because fat cats go out and buy magnificent homes, ranches, and farms and call it their home and plow everything they have into them and say to the creditor that they have nothing to put on the table. It is a mistake. Simply to say if they owned it 2 years they are off the hook, I don't believe that is enough.  There is another provision in this bill relative to a system known as cram-down. The cram-down provision we have in the current bill as written is not final. Not only does it go too far, but it actually goes beyond the well-targeted provision originally proposed by the credit card industry. This is a very complex area of bankruptcy.  I note the two people in the rear of the Chamber. One is Natacha Blaine, an attorney on my staff, and Victoria Bassetti on my staff, who have spent several years trying to make sure I understood this provision. It is complicated. But it is very important.  There is an area where we shouldn't let complexity mask the unbalanced nature of the cram-down provision currently in the bill.  Take a look at current law. Under the bankruptcy code, a secured creditor is given favored treatment for the value of the collateral that secures the claim. Further, many nonpurchase money security interests--where credit was not extended to purchase a specific item--can be eliminated.  Or claims of abuse. When we first began the bankruptcy debate, the credit card industry came to us with claims that debtors were intentionally taking on secured debt for items such as automobiles, which experience a rapid decrease in value once they are driven off the lot, and immediately declaring bankruptcy.  In order to address this issue, the industry initially proposed that secured creditors would be protected for the amount of the loan if the bankruptcy was declared within 6 months of such purchase. Thus, as an automobile loses value when being driven off the lot, to the extent such abuse was taking place, the 6-month period would fully protect the creditor.  Congress listened to the credit card industry concerns with respect to cram-down, and adopted the original proposal incorporated in earlier versions of the bill. Although I opposed the amendment in the provision in the committee markup, the language was unfortunately unchanged.  What does the current bankruptcy bill do? The cram-down provision as written in the current bill would prohibit the use of cram-down chapter 13 for any debt incurred within 5 years before bankruptcy for purchase of a motor vehicle, and for any debt incurred within 12 months of bankruptcy for which there is any other collateral. This provision is unjustly tipped in favor of the credit industry, providing little or no protection for debtors.  Let me try to put all of this legal language into simple terms.  You buy a car. You don't have much money, but you need a car to go to work. As soon as you drive the car off the lot--whether it is new or used--it starts depreciating in value. You reach a time later on where your debts have mounted to the point where you can't make your car payment or a lot of other payments. You are not going to file in chapter 7 to try to be absolved of all your debts; you go to chapter 13. You say: I am going to try to pay back what I can pay back. One of the things I want to keep in this bankruptcy is my car because I can't go to work without my car, and I can make money to pay back other creditors under chapter 13.  The court takes a look at the car and says: You might have paid $10,000 for it, but that was several years ago. Now that car is only worth $8,000. So if the company you bought it from took repossession of the car, the most they could get out of it is $8,000. So we will give that company a secured interest, preference in bankruptcy, for the $8,000 value, and the fact that you still owe $2,000 on it will be in the unsecured claims--a little harder to collect on. You end up with your car. You end up paying the credit card company back the value of the car as you have it, and you go to work. I think it makes sense.  You are a person in chapter 13 who said: I am going to try to pay back my debts. But now the credit industry has come in and said: Not good enough. If you bought that car within 5 years of filing for bankruptcy, then you have to pay the entire balance on your secured claim. We are not going to look at the real value of the car; we are going to look at the paper value of your debt.  So a person who wants to keep their car and go to work ends up being a loser.  A 5-year period is totally unreasonable. That is why I think this provision does not really recognize creditors who are stuck and trying to get themselves out of a bad situation.  Keep in mind, the average person filing for bankruptcy has an annual income of around $22,000, $23,000 a year. These are not wealthy people throwing money around, by and large. They are people who have gotten into circumstances they cannot control because of medical bills or a divorce and a lost job. If they go to chapter 13, they are doing their level best to pay off the debts. This bill, as presented to us today, penalizes those people. I think that is wrong. I am going to offer a provision to change that.  Let me tell you of another area----  