President, I rise today with my colleague from Missouri, to introduce ``The Self-Employed Health Insurance Fairness Act of 2001'', as our first order of business for the new Congress. We have both been working on this issue for many years now and are hopeful that we can finally get the bill fully enacted this year. In past years, we have each introduced very similar bills and this year we are combining our efforts by introducing this bipartisan bill, which we intend to pursue vigorously throughout this Congress.  This bill would allow the self-employed to take a full tax deduction for their health insurance premiums as of December 31, 2000. Corporations already can take a full deduction for these expenses and this bill would level the playing field by allowing the self-employed to take the same full deduction. This bill would mean that the farmer and the agribusiness would be treated the same.  Under current law, the self-employed may only deduct 60 percent of their health insurance premiums this year. The deductibility will increase to 70 percent in 2002 and 100 percent in 2003. I am committed to seeing the self-employed receive equal treatment sooner rather than later.  The self-employed pay over 30 percent more for their health insurance than those insured by group health plans. This makes it much harder for them to afford health insurance. More than 22 percent of the self-employed were without health insurance in 1999, compared to 17.5 percent of other workers. That means that 4.8 million self-employed Americans went without health insurance in 1999.  In Illinois, 17 percent of the self-employed were without health insurance in 1999, up from 14 percent in 1996. The vast majority of these individuals are members of low-income working families. Fifty-three percent of the self-employed living on less than $20,000 in Illinois are without health insurance. This compares with 34 percent of other Illinois working families with the same low income level. Almost 50 percent of those self-employed individuals who were without health insurance at sometime during 1995, went without health insurance for the entire year. In comparison, 62 percent of government workers saw their lack of coverage end within 4 months or less.  Overall, the self-employed pay more for health insurance and are therefore more likely to be uninsured, and they remain uninsured longer than other workers. This is exacerbated by their unequal treatment by the tax code. Congress should move expeditiously to level the playing field and help more hard-working, self-employed individuals and their families to afford the health insurance that they need and deserve.  