I often try to reflect on whether or not the Congress of the United States could have enacted Social Security or Medicare or the Americans with Disabilities Act if some of the most well-financed special interest groups in America decided they wanted to buy large amounts of TV airtime on television of America. That is what is happening. They have done it before. They are trying to do it now. They are trying to twist and distort this debate to try to undermine the public's sentiment for real change and real protection for patients.  They are going to lose because the people of America know stories in their own family and their neighbor's family. I will share for a moment--I see two of my colleagues coming to the floor--with my colleague from the State of Nevada one of the things I think really tells the whole story. You can listen to Senators come and go on the floor of the Senate. We can talk about politics and law and all the rest of it. Let me introduce you to a little fellow I met a year or so ago named Roberto Cortes from Elk Grove Village, IL. This wonderful little kid is fighting for his life every single day on a respirator.  His mom and dad are real-life American heroes. They get up every morning and try to make a life for themselves and their family. They dedicate every waking moment so this little boy stays alive. This is a fight that goes on every minute of every day. If you can imagine, if his respirator stopped he would die, and they know this. They have him at home, and they watch him constantly. This is a fight they are willing to take on. They didn't know when they were fighting for Roberto's life that they would also have to fight the insurance companies. His problem is spinal muscular atrophy, a leading genetic cause of death in kids under the age of 2.  Last year, they sent me an e-mail to talk about the battles they have had with their health insurance company. He needs a drug called Synagus to protect him against respiratory infection. Do you know what the insurance company said? No. No. His doctor said, this little boy needs this drug to protect him against an infection when he is on a respirator, and the health insurance company said no.  Imagine that for a minute. Imagine that you are battling every single day to save this beautiful little boy, and meanwhile you have a health insurance company denying you access to a drug that his doctor says he needs to stay alive. Can it get any worse than that?  That is what this debate is all about. Forget all of us in suits and ties and fancy dresses in the Senate and remember Roberto Cortes of Elk Grove Village, IL. Remember his mom and dad. That is what the debate is all about.  We can't match the health insurance industry when it comes to all the television advertising they are buying but, believe me, if I could tell Roberto's story to moms and dads across America, I know what would happen when this bill finally comes up for final passage. I thank my colleague from Nevada for joining me.  