President, I stand in opposition to the amendment offered by Senators Hutchinson and Bond. At the outset, this is an issue I have worked on as long as I have been in Congress--extending the tax deductibility of health insurance premiums for self-employed people in this country.  What we face in this country today is a terrible situation where those in small business and family farms cannot deduct their health insurance premiums as those who work for major corporations can. At a time when more and more people are losing health insurance, this is certainly a policy change that needs to take place.  Yet I rise today in opposition to this amendment. Let me tell you why I do. Only a month ago on this floor of the Senate, I offered an amendment to the tax bill which would have provided the self-employed with a full 100-percent tax deduction. That was a month ago when we were considering a tax bill where we were providing benefits to individuals and families.  What happened to my amendment? Well, my amendment was accepted by my Republican colleagues. They put it in the bill in the Senate, and they killed it in the conference. That is right. They said they accepted it on the floor, and when it went to conference committee on the tax bill, they yanked it out and eliminated it. It is the same provision being offered today on the Republican side as part of this bill that was eliminated by the Republican majority in the conference committee on this tax bill. The tax bill had $1.3 trillion in benefits it could provide over a 10-year period of time, and the Republican majority could not find $2 billion to provide the very tax deduction they are asking for today.  It raises an important question. If this issue was important enough for us to include it in the tax bill, why did they eliminate it when they went to conference committee? Second, why is it being offered today?  The second question, I think, bears some exposition here. That is obvious. This is a Patients' Bill of Rights. This is a bill which the health insurance industry opposes. They oppose it because it will eat into their profits and instead is going to empower families and businesses and individuals across America, when it comes to their health insurance, to finally stand up and say that doctors should make medical decisions, not insurance companies.  On the Republican side, they are offering killer amendments in an effort to scuttle and stop this bill. They know that if they can put a tax amendment on this bill, it is over. So they come in and say they want to offer tax deductibility for the self-employed people when it comes to health insurance premiums--the very position they eliminated when they had a chance to pass it a few weeks ago on the tax bill.  It wasn't good enough for the tax bill, but it is the very first thing they want to offer when it comes to the Patients' Bill of Rights. Excuse me if I question whether or not their strategy reflects their sincerity. If they were sincere about helping self-employed people, they would have included it in a $1.3 trillion tax bill and not put it in the Patients' Bill of Rights in an effort to kill this important legislation.  We have waited 5 years for this bill. We have worked out a bipartisan compromise with Senator John McCain, Senator John Edwards of North Carolina and, of course, Senator Kennedy from Massachusetts, who has been a leader on this issue.  The other side, the opponents, are desperate to kill this bill. They understand that every health professional organization in America that has taken a position has supported the bipartisan legislation we have on the floor. They are desperate to find a strategy and a tactic to stop the bill, nevertheless.  The health insurance industry wants the bill to die, and now they want to kill it with kindness--the kindness of a tax break for the self-employed. Where was that kindness a month ago when the conference committee met on the tax bill? It wasn't there. You could not put it in the bill that really counted. You want to put it on this bill to put an end to the debate.  We are not going to fall for that. Those who have supported this provision throughout our careers are not going to let you kill the Patients' Bill of Rights by putting on a provision which you rejected in your own tax bill just a few weeks ago. I urge my colleagues to join me in continuing to fight for the deductibility of health insurance premiums for the self-employed, but don't do it at the expense of this important legislation that gives individuals and families and businesses across America the protection they deserve when it comes to their health insurance.  