 Madam President, I rise in support of this bill that has been brought to this Senate Chamber by Senator Kennedy, who was here just a moment ago; Senator John Edwards, Democrat from North Carolina; and Senator John McCain, Republican from Arizona, who have made this a bipartisan effort.  I think if you listened to the history that Senator Wellstone of Minnesota just recounted, you know this issue has been before the Senate and the Congress for many years. We now have an opportunity, because of the change in the leadership in the Senate a few weeks ago, for this issue, which was buried in committee, to now be on the floor of the Senate--an issue with which 80 percent of the American people agree is finally before us for debate, for amendment, for a final vote.  I applaud our majority leader, Senator Tom Daschle. He has said to those who want to drag their feet and stop us from this debate and amendment, the party is over. We are going to stay in session in the Senate until we pass this bill.  You will hear moans and groans from my colleagues in the Senate who have taken the Fourth of July recess period and have made plans. Some were political plans, some were personal and family plans, but they had a lot of plans. I have to confess I did, too. But I believe the Senators elected to this body were not elected to march in parades on the Fourth of July. We were elected to march to the floor of the Senate to pass legislation that will make life better for families across America.  So if it means that we have to stay in session on the Fourth of July, and take a recess for a few minutes to look out the window at the fireworks on The Mall, so be it. Let's get our job done. Let's stay and do it. This issue is worth it.  This issue, this Patients' Bill of Rights, will establish, for the first time nationwide, a standard of protection for American families when they go to their doctor or a hospital for medical care.  How important is it? Let me tell you a story. In Joliet, IL, I sat down for lunch with a doctor. He said: Let me tell you what happened to me, Senator. A mother came into my office with her little boy. The boy was about 5 or 6 years old. He had been complaining to his mom about headaches. I asked his mother how long these headaches had gone on. She said for over 3 weeks.  The doctor said to the mother: Is it on one side of his head or the other or what?  She said: It is always on the same side of his head. He complains that it hurts on this side of his head.  The doctor said to me he instantly knew that the appropriate medical response was to take an MRI to determine whether or not that little boy had a brain tumor: 3 weeks, headaches, a little boy complaining, same side of his head. But before he said that to the mother, before he made that recommendation, he asked her a question: Do you have health insurance?  She said: Yes.  The doctor asked: What is the name of your company?  She gave him the name. He excused himself from the office, went into another office, called the insurance company, described exactly what happened, and said: I am ordering an MRI.  The insurance company said: No.  He said: What am I supposed to do?  The insurance company said: Send the mother home. See if he gets better.  The doctor walked back into the office and said to the mother: I'm sorry but at this point in time I think the best thing for you to do is to go home and call me in a week or two if he is still complaining about it.  That is just one little episode in Joliet, IL, involving a doctor, a woman, and her child. That mother left that office not knowing who had made the medical decision. It was not the doctor she came to see; it was a faceless clerk at an insurance company hundreds of miles away.  When doctors ask these clerks what qualifications they have to make a medical judgment, do you know what they find out? These insurance company clerks are not nurses; they are certainly not doctors; many times they have high school diplomas and a manual in front of them where they can look up: Oh, I see, 3 weeks of headaches, one side of your head, 5-year-old child. No, it takes 4 weeks. Send him home.  That is what this has come down to. That is what this debate is about. It isn't about all the technicalities and complexities that a lot of us bring to this Chamber. It is a question about whether doctors can practice medicine, whether mothers and fathers can walk into a doctor's office and rely on the health care professional to make the judgment. That is what it is all about.  The health insurance industry, the HMOs, are the ones that oppose this bill. They are the only ones that oppose this bill. Every health care group, every consumer protection group, supports the bipartisan bill being offered on the Democratic side--every single one. The only opposition comes from one group, the health insurance companies. Why? They make more money. It is more profitable. They do not want us eating into their profit margin to provide greater and better care for American families. It is just that simple.  The two bills before us are dramatically different. Here are some of the differences shown on this chart. When you take a look at the two bills, this, on the left of this chart, represents the Bipartisan Patient Protection Act, and this side represents the Frist-Breaux bill, which is supported by the health insurance industry.  Take a look at the differences between them as to what kind of protections are provided under the Patients' Bill of Rights.  Our bipartisan bill protects all patients with private insurance. The bill being offered on the Republican side and by the industry, sadly, leaves many people behind. It says: If you can make an effort at protecting patients, good enough. We say, no; it has to be real protection.  Protection for patient advocacy: 100 percent on our side; none on their side.  Prohibition of improper financial incentives: Do you know what that means? Do you know there are at HMOs some doctors who get paid more if they do not provide treatment for patients? At the end of the year, they total it up and say: Dr. So and So, let's see, because you didn't order as many MRIs as we thought you would, you get a bonus check at the end of the year.  Did you know it is a fact that that is going on? There are financial incentives for doctors not to prescribe drugs, not to use treatments, not to hospitalize people. And if they do not do it, they get compensation. Our bill prohibits that. The health insurance industry bill--surprise, surprise--thinks that is just fine.  The ability to hold plans accountable: Our bill makes it clear they are going to be held accountable. I will get into that in a moment.  Independent external appeals: When the health insurance company says, no, we won't cover what the doctor recommends--whether it is a prescription or a treatment--it does not give you a lot of comfort to know you can go hire a lawyer and go to court and 5 years later get a verdict. You need to have an appeals process right now. Some of these are life-and-death decisions.  We want to make sure the appeals process isn't stacked against you. We do not want the health insurance company to be the judge and the jury. The bill supported by the industry leaves the health insurance company to make the final judgement. We believe it should be an independent external appeal process, one that is timely.  Guaranteed access to specialists: Our bill has it; theirs takes a nod in that direction.  Access to clinical trials: Do you know what that is? Let's say you have a rare serious disease and there is a clinical trial underway.  The doctor says to you: There is one possibility, Mrs. Jones. It is a clinical trial. I would like to see if you qualify for it.  