It is a fiction sometimes. These loans are made to a campaign and perhaps they will be paid back, but perhaps they will not. Your language makes it clear there will not be any effort after the election to raise money to repay those loans; you have made that contribution and have to live with it. I think there is some reality.  The Senator from New Mexico is probably aware of this, but I want to make sure it is on the record.  According to the Federal Election Commission, candidates gave or loaned their campaigns $194.7 million from personal and immediate family funds in the 2000 election cycle. This is up from $107 million in 1998 and $106 million in 1996. The $194.7 million in 2000 included $40 million from Presidential candidates, $102 million from Senate candidates, and $52 million from House candidates.  Think about what we are saying about the men and women who run to serve in the Senate. Think about what this institution will become if that is what one of the rules is to be part of the game: That you have to be loaning or contributing literally millions of dollars in order to be a candidate for public office.  As I have said from the outset, I support McCain-Feingold. They are doing the right thing, but there are two elements that need to be addressed. Senator Domenici has one amendment that addresses it, the so-called self-funding wealthy candidate. Senator DeWine and I are working on an alternative if Senator Domenici's amendment is not adopted.  We also have to deal with the cost of media because, unless we deal with that, frankly, all of the restrictions we put on how you raise money will not address the overarching concern about the cost of campaigns.  If we have the cost of television and radio going up as dramatically as we have seen it--20 percent every 2 years--there is no way we can fashion a law to hold down campaign spending that will work. In a State as big and diverse as Illinois with 12 million people, a successful statewide candidate has to be on television. I cannot shake enough hands and I cannot knock on enough doors in a State as large as mine. To raise money to make sure I have a chance to deliver the message is going to be a daunting task unless we deal with how we raise money in campaigns or what television might cost.  I note the Senator from California spoke a few minutes ago about revelations that came to her during the course of her campaign.  There is one other aspect I wish to address before I yield the floor, and that is the independent expenditures, the groups that come on with ads toward the end of the campaign that are not sponsored by candidates or political parties. These are groups that come out of nowhere with high sounding names and spend millions of dollars to defeat candidates or to elect candidates across America.  In my campaign for the Senate a few years ago, in the closing weekend of the campaign, Saturday night I sat down and thought: I am finally going to get to see ``Saturday Night Live'' on the last Saturday before the election. As the NBC news went off, four ads went on the air. All four ads were negative ads blasting me. Not a single one was paid for by my opponent or the Republican Party. They were from groups I never heard of. I heard of a couple of them. Some I never heard of.  I said: Who are these people? I have to disclose every dollar I raise and spend; that is proper; that is legal; that is right. Why should these drive-by shooting artists come in with 30-second ads and never tell you from where the money is coming?  I will give an illustration. One group for term limits wants to limit the time Members of the Senate and House serve. I disagree with them on that position, and I have been open about it. But I disclose all the money I am raising and spending to tell my side of the story. The group that sponsors term limits refuses to disclose from where their money comes. I confronted one of their organizers and said: Why shouldn't you be held to the same rules to which I am held if we are going to have a fair fight? He said: Oh, as soon as I have to disclose my sources, we know there will be retribution against them.  Well, hogwash. In this system, people should be willing to disclose where their money comes from, whether they are on the right or on the left. Let the American people know who is sponsoring the term limit campaigns in their States, who is putting the money behind them, and then if they want to raise legitimate questions about where this money is coming from, what the real motivation is, that gets to the heart of the issue.  Time and again these groups come forward and get involved in campaigns. They spend unlimited sums of money, and we never know who they are or from where they are coming.  If we are going to end these paper transfers and bring real transparency and honesty to this process, not only should we support the McCain-Feingold basic legislation but we should deal with these issues as well. The self-funding wealthy candidates, the cost of media, and these groups that are making the independent expenditures, I think they should be subject to the same form of disclosure. I support this amendment. I hope my colleagues in the Senate will join Senator Domenici in adding it to the bill.  I yield the floor.  