I thank the Senator from Utah for his courtesy.  We have locked horns many times, but we are friends. I respect him very much.  Every time Senator Hatch tells you there is a provision in the bill before us that is not included in the Durbin bill--believe me, every time the credit industry gave us a morsel, they took away a beef steak. And that is what happened when it was all over.  The bill before us today is much worse on consumers in America than the bill this Senate passed by a vote of 97-1. And though the Senator from Utah tells me how terrible my bill is, he voted for it. He voted for it, as did most of the Senators who are here today.  Let me read to you some comments from people I think are worth repeating. This first comment comes from David Broder. We know him. He is a respected journalist and is published in the Washington Post, and other newspapers. This is what he says about this bankruptcy bill I am trying to replace:       As for the bankruptcy bill, it deserves the veto Clinton      gave it. Despite some useful provisions, it is an unbalanced      measure, which does nothing to curb the mass marketing of      credit cards to young and low-income people who perpetually      pay the exorbitant interest on their monthly balances. It      will squeeze money out of people who have been clobbered by      job losses, divorce or medical disasters, yet allow some      millionaires to plead bankruptcy while turning their assets      into mansions in states with unlimited homestead exemptions.       In both cases, money interests prevailed over the public      interest.  That was David Broder in this morning's Washington Post.  Lawrence King is a law professor at New York University. I quote him:       I fear this [bill] will end up creating an underground      economy. People will go off the books. They'll ask to be paid      in cash. They'll get a false Social Security number. They'll      move.       In my 40 years of dealing with Congress on bankruptcy      legislation, this is the worst I've ever seen. It's the kind      of bill that makes you want to point your fingers at      individual congressmen and say, ``Shame on you.''  This bill before us today is not balanced. If that credit industry will not even include a provision on your monthly statement so you can make an informed decision about the kind of debt which you and your family can face, it tells the whole story, as far as I am concerned.  What we have offered in this substitute is a carefully crafted and balanced bill. It says the credit card companies have to end some of their abuses and that we believe that abuses in the bankruptcy court have to end.  I salute my colleague and friend from New York, Senator Schumer. It is true that his language yesterday on predatory lending is a good addition to the bill. But I will tell him that the bill I am offering--the one that passed 97-1--has my provision which directly attacks predatory lending.  Who are these predatory lenders? They are people who want a second mortgage on your grandmother's home, that turns into a balloon payment, that turns into a foreclosure, that turns into a trip to bankruptcy court,where the home she saved for for a lifetime is lost to these people, these loan sharks, who take advantage of the system. Sadly, the financial and credit card industry came to the rescue of these loan sharks at the expense of elderly Americans who are being exploited by them.  Senator Schumer's amendment has helped immeasurably. I assure those who are listening to this debate that the Durbin amendment I have offered today has equally powerful language when it comes to ending predatory lending in the United States.  The credit industry and the financial industry oppose both measures. That ought to tell you the whole story about what is before us.  We have precious few opportunities in the Congress--certainly on the floor of this Senate--to consider any legislation to help consumers and families across America. Passing the Durbin amendment will help them. It will provide some balance to the bill. If we should defeat this amendment and go back to the original bill--which is now before us--as David Broder and others have said, the net losers will be families across America facing a slowdown in this economy, who fall behind in their debts and end up in bankruptcy court as the targets and as the victims of the credit industry. That is a wrong move.  I hope my colleagues in the Senate will join me in supporting this amendment.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  