Here we have a wealthy individual who decides his or her idea of a fundraiser is pouring a nice glass of wine, writing a personal check for millions of dollars to his campaign, and declaring success.  Meanwhile, mere mortals, other candidates trying to be involved have to raise money phone call after phone call, letter after letter, small check after small check, all disclosed, all accounted, trying to build a skyscraper of equal height to the person who has written one check for millions of dollars to their campaign.  I agree with the critics of this amendment who say isn't it sad it has become competition for money. But as long as Buckley v. Valeo says we cannot limit the amount being spent by an individual from their own wealth on a campaign, there is no other way to make certain we have a level playing field and, I guess, fairness in the basic election campaigns.  Senator Domenici is a proud Republican. I am a proud Democrat. We both view the system with alarm. If you do not deal with this phenomenon of people who have this much money to put into the campaign, how can you attract candidates from either political party to get interested?  It is bad enough that it is a pretty hectic life. I enjoy it, and I am glad I am in it. I am happy the people of Illinois gave me a chance. It is tough when there are these invasions of your privacy. You give that up. That is one of the first things to go, and people say: To reward you for running for office, we are going to personally let you raise $1 million; won't that be fun?  You can walk along the streets of your hometown and people race to the other side of the street to avoid you because they are afraid you are going to ask for another contribution. That is a sad reality in this business.  Sadder still is a person who is self-funding and has so much money they do not even have to worry about this effort.  Frankly, I am so worried this system cannot survive if only those people serving in the House and Senate are those who are independently wealthy and do not have to go through the process in any way whatsoever.  Also, the Senator makes a good point about loans to the campaign because a lot of people who are very wealthy do not give money to their campaign; they loan it and say they will be repaid later.  Will the Senator be good enough to explain the provision he has on loan repayment?  