Mr. President, I rise in support of the Domenici amendment. I want to salute my colleague from New Mexico. I think he is addressing a very serious concern that all of us--not just Members of the Senate and candidates but every American--should share. When the Supreme Court decided over 25 years ago, in the case of Buckley v. Valeo, that we could not limit the amount of personal wealth that a candidate could spend in a campaign, they said it was a tribute to free speech; that the wealthiest among us should be able to spend as much money as they have or want to spend to become candidates for public office.  Sadly, our system of government, and certainly our system of political campaigns, is geared so that those with the most money can overwhelm candidates of modest means. I think candidates in America are now broken down into two categories. I call them M or megamillionaires and mere mortals. I happen to be in the second category. If you are a mere mortal running for office nowadays, you spend every waking moment on the telephone trying to figure out ways to raise the literally millions of dollars necessary for your election campaign. This is a reality.  In a State such as mine, Illinois, it will cost you $10 million to $15 million to be elected to the Senate. That is not an uncommon amount or an extraordinarily large amount; that is reality. It reflects the cost, primarily, of radio and television. I will be offering an amendment during the course of the debate with some colleagues that addresses the cost of television in particular because we have this strange anomaly where we say the television stations have to give candidates for office the lowest rate available on the station. Yet, because of a few loopholes in the law, they end up offering us what is known as preemptable time, which means anybody who offers 50 cents more can knock our ad off the air. So it becomes a bidding war.  We find in every 2-year period of time, the cost of television is going up 20 percent. What does it mean? For a candidate for reelection in the Senate, every 6 years the same amount of television that was bought 6 years before will cost 60 percent more. That is the escalation of costs in campaigns.  I am proud to be a cosponsor of McCain-Feingold. I think they are addressing a serious problem in our system, where we have this discrepancy between soft money and hard money. But at the root of the problem in American campaigns is the amendment offered by Senator Domenici which goes after the self-funding, the very wealthy candidate, and the cost of media. If we are going to have meaningful campaign finance reform, I think we need to address both. I lament the fact that this has become a bidding war. I think Senator Domenici would agree with me on that. What else can we do with a Supreme Court decision that allows individuals to spend literally millions of their own money while mere mortals running for office are trying to keep up.  The Senator waives some of the limitations on the hard money we can raise, but I ask the Senator if he will answer this question: The Senator makes it clear in his amendment that all of the money we raise and spend must be accounted for, dollar for dollar, as to source and how we are raising it, how we expend it. There is no mystery involved in this. Will the Senator agree with that statement?  