The Republicans and those supporting their positions cannot come to this floor and argue, I think, with a straight face that American families don't need protection when it comes to their own health insurance. They are not standing here and arguing that, really, health insurance clerks should make decisions, not doctors.  So they have come in with a new strategy. A month ago, this idea of providing the deductibility of health insurance premiums for the self-employed was good enough to adopt on the Senate floor and kill in conference on their tax bill. Now they are coming back and saying that really is the highest priority. We have to go back to that old argument, to that old position. Well, I think people can see through it.  You had your chance, you had your tax bill. This was the bill that was supposed to help families across America. We know what happened. Forty percent of all the benefits in that tax bill went to people making over $300,000 a year. Instead of finding even $2 billion out of $1.8 trillion to help those small businesses and family farmers, no, the highest priority was the wealthiest 1 percent of America. Well, that was your decision. That was your tax bill. I voted against it. I will vote against it again if you come back with it.  Instead, let's vote for something and say that after 5 years we are going to pass a bipartisan bill that for the first time will hold health insurance companies accountable for their actions like every other business in America. I know that is a dagger in the heart of the health insurance industry. They want to continue to be a special privileged class that never has to answer when they make decisions which deny basic medical treatment to families and individuals. Those days are numbered.  I urge my colleagues in the Senate to reject this amendment for what it is. This is an effort to derail an important piece of legislation. Let us stick with and support the Patients' Bill of Rights. Let us not fall for this ploy.  I yield the floor.  