President, I listened with great interest to the speeches this morning on the Republican side of the aisle about the President's State of the Union Address this evening. It is clear the focal point of the President's speech will be his proposed tax cut.  It is interesting when I read the newspapers across Illinois and here in Washington, DC, that the President is having a difficult time convincing the American people that his tax cut is the right thing to do. I have been around politics and politicians for decades. I cannot think of an easier task than to sell people on the idea of cutting their taxes. But it appears the President is having a tough time making the sale even though he has suggested this is good for the economy and that it will provide additional spending power for people in America.  Folks are a little skeptical. I think they have a right to be skeptical. If you take a look at the President's proposed tax cut, you will find that Americans like the idea of a tax cut until you suggest to them that we really make choices here on Capitol Hill and in Washington, DC--that you have to make a choice between a tax cut and something else. Frankly, when it gets down to those choices, the support of the American people for the President's proposed tax cut starts to dwindle dramatically because I think the American people understand the whole notion of a tax cut is based on an educated guess of what our economy and our Government will look like--not just next year but 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 years from now.  To say these projections are inaccurate is to be kind because, frankly, they are not much more reliable than a weather report. Imagine a weather forecast for a month from now. Would you take the umbrella or not based on such a forecast? I doubt if many families would not. Yet the President would have us basically say we will now chart the course of America's Government spending for the next 10 years based on these projections and guesses from economists in Washington.  Former President Harry Truman used to say he was looking throughout his professional career for a one-armed economist because he said then they wouldn't be able to say, ``on the other hand.'' He knew, as we know, that even the best economists disagree. Even the best economists are frequently wrong.  Most of the surplus the President is using as a basis for his tax cut doesn't even arrive on Capitol Hill under their projections until 5 years from now. Almost 75 percent of it starts to arrive in the last 5 years of the 10-year period.  So it is reasonable to ask if we are thinking about projections in our economy 5 years from now, how good were these same economists 5 years ago when they had to make an educated guess about what America would look like today. There are a lot of factors that go into that guess. You have to try to assume what the growth of the economy is going to be, the number of people employed. You have to take productivity and inflation into account.  Five years ago, the very best economists sat down with the very best computers and then said this fiscal year we would experience a $320 billion deficit. That was their best guess 5 years ago. What do we find? Right now we are experiencing a $270 billion surplus. They missed it by $590 billion 5 years ago.  This evening the President will begin his speech with the assumption that the economists are right; that we should really base all of our plans and our policies based on economic projections 5 to 10 years from now. I think people are genuinely skeptical; theyunderstand we have had similar messages from previous Presidents. It wasn't that many years ago that President Ronald Reagan arrived in town. He suggested when he was elected in 1989 that a massive tax cut was the best thing for America. He proceeded to convince a bipartisan group in Congress to vote for that tax cut. The net result of that tax cut was, frankly, a rocky road for the economy throughout his Presidency.  Frankly, I never would have been elected to the House of Representatives had the economy not been so bad in central Illinois in 1982, the second year of the Reagan Presidency. And equally, if not more important, those tax cuts on top of his spending program led to record deficits. We started accumulating more red ink and debt in Washington than ever in our history after President Reagan had convinced the Congress that a tax cut was the best medicine for America.  Fortunately, in the last 8 years we have seen a turnaround. We have seen a fiscally responsible approach. We have seen not only a reduction in Federal spending, a reduction in the size of Government, but an unprecedented era of prosperity. I think the American people value that prosperity more than the promise of a tax cut. They understand that like most free market economies, you will have your downturns. And we are in one of them. I hope it is short lived and shallow. No one can say.  But we want to do the right things here in Washington at this moment with this President to make certain we get back on that track we were on for 8 years under the previous administration.  I can recall in 1993 when the issue came to this Senate floor and to the House of Representatives where I served, and President Clinton suggested we had to take the deficit seriously. We had to put in a combination of spending cuts and tax increases to finally get rid of the deficit. Not a single Republican supported that proposal--not one. It passed in the Senate because Vice President Gore cast the tie-breaking vote.  We have layers of Republican quotes projecting that this idea of giving, I guess, strong medicine to the American economy would be a disaster; that it would really put an end to any prospect of economic growth. Yet we found exactly the opposite occurred.  It is curious to me that President Clinton could come forward as he did in 1993 with a projection for our economy that worked, give us the hard news, face the lumps in the next election, and really come up with a plan to help America. Most families and businesses agreed. For the last 8 years, we have seen 22 million new jobs created in America, more home ownership than ever in our history, inflation under control, the welfare rolls coming down, violent crime coming down, and an expansion across the board in the economy in virtually everything but the agricultural sector.  We want to return to that. But many of us believe a President's responsibility when it comes to leadership is not just to say what is popular. Being for a tax cut is a popular thing to say. Yet the President is having a tough time selling it.  One of the reasons he is having a tough time selling it is when you take a look at the tax cut, you find out the top 1 percent of wage earners in America under President Bush's tax cut receive 42.6 percent of all of the tax benefits. The bottom 90 percent--people below about $64,900 in income--receive 29 percent of the benefits.  The President's response is that is not fair to say because the people in the top 1 percent pay all the taxes; they should get a bigger cut. Not so. The people in the top 1 percent in America pay 21 percent of the Federal income taxes. They get 42.6 percent of President Bush's tax cut.  Who are these people? These are folks with an income above $319,000 a year. These are people with an average income of $900,000. These are the big winners tonight.  So when you hear the applause after the President says we need a tax cut for America, you are going to hear it the loudest from the top 1 percent. They are the big winners. The folks in the bottom 80 percent are not. These people in the top 1 percent will receive an average of $46,000 in tax cuts under President Bush's tax plan, while the people in the lower 60 percent, for example, will receive an average tax cut of $227 a year.  So the President would have us risk the future of our economy by basing a tax cut on projections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 years from now; and then he would turn around and, with those projections, have us enact a tax cut not for the average working person, not for middle-income families, not for people in Illinois struggling to pay heating bills and tuition costs but, no, for people who make at least $25,000 a month. They are the big winners.  Frankly, what it does, in putting all of this money into the tax cut, is it ties our hands when it comes to important priorities for America. Let me give you an example, for just a minute. The national debt is $5.7 trillion. That is our mortgage. We have accumulated most of it in the last 14 or 15 years. It is a mortgage that costs us every single day in interest payments. How much is the interest payment on our old mortgage? It is $1 billion a day--$1 billion in Federal taxes collected every day to pay interest on old debt in America.  What could we do with $1 billion a day in America? Boy, I can think of some things. Education, health care, investment in America's infrastructure, medical research--these are items which I think most American families value. But we take that amount of money from families and businesses and individuals each day--$1 billion--to pay interest on old debt.  Frankly, if we want to leave our children a great legacy, it is not a legacy of giving a fat tax break to the wealthiest people in America. The best legacy for our kids is to pay down this debt.  Let's burn the mortgage. Let's get it over with. If we are in a time of surplus, let's balance the books once and for all. Shouldn't that be our first priority?  If we go with the President's tax cut, let me tell you what it means. Maybe not in the first year, but in the next several years we are going to find our hands tied when it comes to investing in America.  I doubt there is anybody in this country who would argue with the following statement: The future of America is going to be found in our classrooms. If we do not have good teachers, quality schools, and students learning, can we hope the 21st century will be an American century? I do not think so. The President has put that in as a priority but a much lower priority. The first priority is a big tax cut for the top 1 percent of wage earners in America.  I wish to mention one other thing. I see my colleague from Connecticut. I am going to defer to him in a moment.  Senator Mikulski of Maryland came up with a term today which I think is important to think about. She said: We not only have a mortgage, we have a balloon payment coming. Do you know what a balloon payment is? When the baby boomers reach Social Security age and when they decide they need Social Security and Medicare--guess what--the current system is going to be truly taxed, and many of us are going to have to answer as to whether or not, when we had a surplus, we prepared for that balloon payment.  If you have a home and you know a balloon payment is coming, you better get ready for it because then you are going to have to refinance the home if you don't have the amount to pay. We are not going to have the money to pay into Social Security and into Medicare if the President's tax cut goes through as proposed. He will take the money out of education. He is going to make a proposal, I understand, to privatize Social Security, by taking money out of the Social Security trust fund. He already raids the Medicare trust fund to pay for this tax cut, primarily for the wealthiest people in America.  So you say to yourself, now I understand why the President is having a tough time selling what seems on its surface to be such a popular idea--the tax cut. If a politician can't sell a tax cut, how is he going to sell the American people on a tough decision, something that is painful? The President is not having good luck selling it because the American people are skeptical. They think it is far more important to empower families across America to get this economy moving again. They think it is far more important to makenecessary improvements in our future--in education, in health care, and a prescription drug benefit under Social Security, Medicare.  Important, as well, is to pay down the national debt. You will not hear much said about that tonight. It will be mentioned in passing that we are going to take care of all these things--not to worry. But the bottom line is, we know that is not the case. We need to be concerned about it. We need to accept fiscal responsibility, as we did 7 or 8 years ago, in the hopes we can return to the prosperity of our economy which we saw a few months ago.  I will listen carefully to the President's speech tonight. I am sure my colleague from Connecticut will, as well.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  