 The difference here is that most of us come to this debate as former students and parents. Senator Murray comes as a former teacher--one of the few in this body. She has stood in front of classrooms of children and taught them. The rest of us here have been pupils sitting at desks or parents wondering how our kids are doing. She comes here saying lower class size gives teachers a better chance to reach children. It is not just her opinion; studies show it.  The STAR project in Tennessee, which has been followed for years, showed significant gains in smaller class size. In Chicago last week, Larry Hedges at the University of Chicago and Barbara Nye of the University of Tennessee produced a study that found that smaller class size in the early grades produced better math scores not only in the third grade but all the way into high school--a full 6 years after the student was in a small elementary school class.  It stands to reason. Think about how discouraging it must be for a child who has a special need or a problem to be ignored day after day after day, until they have lost all interest and fall behind. In a smaller class a teacher can reach out and pick out a child who needs special attention. This is not a mandate; it is an option that makes sense.  We have decided in this bill to focus on the needs for reading--and I support that--and the needs for technology--and I support that, too. Just because President Clinton came up with this idea doesn't mean it is a bad one. It has worked. It has reduced the size of classes across America and has given kids a better chance. I don't think that President Bush, who has called for bipartisanship, should have a negative attitude just because this idea came about on someone else's watch. Aren't there some good ideas on both the Democratic side and the Republican side that we might put into this bill?  Sadly, unfortunately, that is the part of the debate we have overlooked. More than 29,000 teachers were hired with Class Size Reduction Program funds in 1999, benefitting approximately 1.7 million young students. This bill eliminates that program. To do that is to turn your back on basic human experience: A teacher with a smaller number of students is going to be a better teacher and the students will have a better chance.  I support the Senator's amendment.  