I know his opinions are heartfelt. He and I have talked about this on the floor on previous occasions. But I hope we can put this in some perspective.  America is a great nation. God has blessed us with resources that many nations around the world envy. Fortunately, leaders in this country with foresight decided long ago that there were certain treasures, national treasures in America, that needed to be protected and preserved.  Mark my words, when they made those suggestions they were not always popular. There were people who had ideas that something else could be done with that national park or that national monument. But those leaders stood their ground and said: We can find other ways to provide for the occupations and professions of people living in these States. We can find other sources of energy. We do not have to spoil a national asset, part of our national heritage that we can never, ever again reclaim.  The Senator from Montana talked about national monuments, and, I guess, the energy potential that they offer to the United States. Here is a summary from the U.S. Geological Service about the economically recoverable oil and gas from national monuments.  I might remind those following the debate that it is now President Bush who wants to initiate new drilling for oil and gas in national monuments--protected lands set aside by the previous administration to be preserved for future generations. This President wants to let the oil and gas companies come in and drill on these lands.  When the Senator from Montana talked about trash fish, I can't argue the story. I don't know that side. This is not trash. This is a national monument. This is a beautiful span of land set aside for future generations by the previous President.  Picture, if you will, in this rare piece of real estate in America, oil and gas drilling. Have we reached that point? This is not trash. This is a treasure. We shouldn't take it lightly when it comes to oil and gas drilling in America's treasures.  Let me give you an example of some of the national monuments and what the geological survey estimates is available there if we follow President Bush's recommendation to go ahead and keep drilling; let's find new areas for oil and gas drilling in these national monuments.  In the Upper Missouri River Breaks in Montana, which the Senator from Montana made reference to earlier, the economically recoverable oil from that entire national monument is the equivalent of one hour's worth of gas consumption in the United States.  I didn't take those numbers because the Senator mentioned his own State but just to put this in some perspective.  We are going to go drilling in these national monuments to try to recover one hour's worth of energy for our country. And what do we leave behind? If we are lucky, not much--maybe a few footprints in the soil. But we can never be certain that we haven't spoiled or changed that forever.  All of the economically recoverable oil from all of the national monuments--where President Bush now wants to go drill--is the equivalent of 15 days, 12 hours, and 28 minutes of America's energy consumption. All of the economically recoverable gas as a portion of the total U.S. consumption from these monuments where the President now wants to go drilling is the equivalent of 7 days, 2 hours, and 11 minutes' worth of America's energy.  I listened to the news this morning. I hear there is a bill over in the House of Representatives on energy, and they are talking about perhaps for the first time that we are going to start establishing fuel-efficient standards for SUVs and trucks in this country. That is not radical thinking. I think it is sensible. I voted for it in the Senate. Just a little bit of energy conservation and a little bit of fuel efficiency makes this debate totally meaningless. With just a little change in Detroit we can save more oil than we can possibly derive from monuments. But the oil and gas companies want to get in there, and they want to make a profit. They have put these national treasures in the United States on the altar of greed and profit and the bottom line. That is just plain wrong.  I don't think I will prevail on this amendment. But I tell you that, as Senator Feingold from Wisconsin, Senator Murray from Washington, and Senator Reid from Nevada said, this is worth a fight.  You don't get many opportunities to cast a vote while on the floor of the Senate that have a lasting impact for generations to come. This is worth a fight. This is worth a vote.  I hope some of the Republican Members who come to the floor will remember one of the greats in their political party, Teddy Roosevelt--whose bust is right outside this door--who really defended conservation for America and made his party the proud patriarch for conservation in America. I hope they will remember when they come to the floor and take real pride in that rather than the oil and gas companies that just want to get their dirty hands on our national monuments.  We can do a lot better in this country. The oil and gas people have 95 percent of the Federal land to deal with. They do not need the 5 percent that we should be preserving and protecting for future generations. This amendment says to them: Keep your hands off of it. Leave it for future generations. Let's find other ways to meet our energy needs that are environmentally sensible and responsible.  If I lose on this amendment, and if the Bush administration goes forward with the oil and gas drilling, a lot of people will, frankly, never know it. How many of us visit all these national monuments? But some people will--some who go to look for that treasure that was set aside will find it is no longer the treasure it once was; it has been used; It has been exploited; it has been spoiled and perhaps even ruined in the name of profit.  The starting point, for those following the debate, is these are public lands. This is not private property. These are national monuments and public lands. They are lands that belong to all of us as Americans. It is not just the 285 million alive today but our children and grandchildren as well. If we don't have the courage to stand up and say protect and preserve a small part of it for future generations, then we are turning our back on the legacy of wise stewardship that has guided this country for so many years. It has been 95 years since a Republican President named Teddy Roosevelt had the courage to stand up and say they were going to protect that heritage. Ninety-five years later, another Republican President says, no; we are going to drill for oil and gas in that heritage.  What a difference. We will put an end to it with this amendment.  I yield the floor.  