What she has heard in traveling about her State and the Nation I have heard in Illinois. During the last 2 weeks I had roundtables across my State, from the city of Chicago to major cities downstate, bringing in business and economic leaders and saying, what can we do at this moment to breathe life back into this economy? They have said, restore consumer confidence. We have to get people back into the stores and making decisions for purchases.  The Carnahan amendment which we are going to consider today takes an unfortunate group of people related to the aviation industry, who have been disadvantaged by being laid off or terminated, and says we are going to try to give them a hand to get back on their feet as quickly as possible.  A few weeks ago when President Bush suggested we help the aviation industry, I was happy to do it. We have 50,000 people in the Chicagoland area who work in aviation in some way, shape, or form. We are proud to be the home of United Airlines, a major hub for American Airlines, and now the business headquarters for Boeing aircraft. With that sensitivity, I voted for that bill, understanding that unless we got the airlines back on their feet, it was unlikely the economy would respond. So we gave some $5 billion in grants and $10 billion in loans to the industry.  The sad part was the bill was passed in a hurry and didn't include everything that should have been included. It did not include the Carnahan amendment. Senator Jean Carnahan of Missouri has rightfully stated that if we are going to help the companies, if we are going to help the airlines, don't forget the employees. She notes, in preparing for this bill, that some 140,000 people related to airlines and the aviation industry may find themselves laid off as a result of the September 11 terrorism attack against the United States.  I met with several flight attendants today who worked for Trans World Airlines, now part of American Airlines. They were concerned about the fact that 20 percent of their flight attendants have been laid off already. We have seen 20,000 employees at United and American laid off, and perhaps even more.  The heartening thing is people are flying again. I notice it in the airports. I am glad to see it. We want to encourage more and more people to take that trip, whether it is for business or for pleasure. But in the meantime, over 100,000 of our fellow Americans in jobs related to the aviation industry are struggling to survive.  Senator Carnahan's amendment addresses three particular areas that need to be changed in the law to help these people. First and foremost, eligibility for unemployment compensation. The 26-week eligibility certainly may be enough, but Senator Carnahan suggests we give them eligibility for an additional 52 weeks, if necessary. Most of them will either be back at work or find another job before that, but giving them the peace of mind that they will have unemployment compensation is appropriate.  Second, she talks about training. Some of the people in the industry may decide to go into another field--for one thing, into security. We have talked about aviation security. We will need some of the best and brightest working in our airports and all across this country to protect the people and the traveling public. She includes in her amendment a training provision. I think that makes sense as well.  The last point is one that not only makes sense for 140,000 aviation industry employees, but it makes sense for every American. Senator Carnahan wants to make certain that we help these laid-off employees pay for their health insurance. When I was in Chicago, I talked to some administrators of hospitals. They said if we reach a point where more and more people are out of work and lose their health insurance, these folks will turn up at the hospital sick, and they will be treated, but the cost of their treatment will have to be absorbed by the hospital and generally by everyone else paying health insurance premiums. It makes sense, under the Carnahan amendment, to be sensitive to this, to help the laid-off aviation and airline industry employees pay for their health insurance.  A lot of Members have talked about how to get the economy moving again. Believe me, by taking this group of employees and saying to them, we are going to give you a helping hand, it has to help them, their families, and our economy in general. Having said that, I will vote for the Carnahan amendment. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me.  I suggest further that there are many people in many other industries who are also losing their jobs. A friend of mine who has a number of hotels told me about the necessary cutbacks in employment at those hotels. Many know that the people working in hotels, whether in food service or working in room service, or trying to do the housekeeping, have startup jobs. They are low paying jobs. And these folks are being laid off. Many of them are facing very difficult times. I am glad the President has suggested extending unemployment insurance. But we as a Congress should be sensitive to this as well.  If you want to know how to stimulate America's economy, it is not by leaving our friends, neighbors, and relatives by the side of the road as we press forward. Bring them along on this journey. Bring them along to see the economy's rebirth, which I believe will take place. It means that Congress has to do something about it.  Frankly, let me tell you, a few of my colleagues, and only a few, think the way to get the economy moving again is not to pay attention to the unemployed and the laid off but rather those who are doing well and are prosperous. They are suggesting we should, again, give tax cuts to the wealthiest people in America. That is just incredible to my mind, to suggest at this moment in our history we would show less sensitivity to those who are out of work and more generosity to those who are already doing extremely well.  I think if we are going to have tax cuts, they should be focused on those in the lower and middle-income categories, the millions who have been left behind by the original tax cut package which Congress passed a few months ago, and others who need a helping hand. It is by invigorating our economy in this way that I think we will see the restoration of consumer confidence.  I hope this Congress not only passes the Carnahan amendment to help the specific employees but goes on to pass an economic stimulus package which can be helpful as well. How can we do it? One suggestion is a moratorium on the FICA tax, a holiday on the FICA tax. It means a 7 or 8 percent increase in pay for every employee in America. That means more money to take home when it is payday, more money to spend, I hope, to get this economy moving. That is something that can be done quickly and across the board.  The one thing Congress usually fails to do is come up with a solution in a timely fashion. Sadly, we don't have time on our side. We have started the holiday buying season and purchasing season across America. We need to do something this month, in October, or early November that will tell people they are going to have more resources to deal with meeting the needs of their family and planning for the holidays. That means doing something immediately. Putting a moratorium on the FICA tax is one of those things. It will be seen in the next paycheck. People will know it instantly.  There are also suggestions of State sales tax holidays. That is something we ought to explore. Of course, the Federal Government would compensate the State and local governments for the loss of revenue from sales tax, but it would mean a reduction in price of many products which people might turn around and buy.  These are reasonable suggestions. I also think we ought to consider in the economic stimulus package tax benefits to businesses which are now making necessary investments in security. These investments are important. They are absolutely critical in light of the September 11 attack, and we ought to help these businesses--whether it is in surveillance cameras or additional security personnel. Unfortunately, those acquisitions do not add to productivity; they just take from the bottom line. If we can help businesses get through this, then they may not be forced to lay off people because of the pressures they face as a result of the recession we are currently experiencing.  So I say to my colleagues, as you consider all the possibilities of what we might do this week, don't forget the people on the front line. Don't forget the aviation and airline employees. We were good to their companies when we should have been. I was happy to cast my vote that way. But I believe we should not forget the men and women who make up the employee workforce of the aviation and airline industry. I am going to support the Carnahan amendment and recommend all my colleagues do the same.  I yield the floor.  