President, as I understand it, if we can keep to the time we have agreed to, in about a half hour we should reach a vote. I also thank my colleague from Massachusetts, Senator Kerry, for joining me in opposing this nomination.  I will tell you about dioxin. I am not a scientist, and I don't pretend to be. I am a liberal arts lawyer who has practiced politics and political science for a long time. But let me tell you what I have learned about dioxin.  Dioxin is a highly toxic and deadly chemical. According to the National Toxicology Program at the National Institutes of Health, dioxin is the ``most toxic manmade chemical known.'' It is not just very toxic--extremely toxic--it is the most toxic chemical human beings know how to create. It is not manufactured deliberately. There are no commercial uses for it. It is a waste product, a contaminant, the most deadly manmade toxic chemical in existence. And astonishingly, small amounts of dioxin can kill people and animals.  One of the insidious features of dioxin is your body accumulates it, and over time it can reach a toxic level. The World Health Organization and the NIH brand it as a ``human carcinogen.'' If a man came before us and asked to be in charge of the OMB, which rules on safety for the public health and environmental standards of chemicals and pesticides and residues, you would think there would be no doubt in his mind about the danger of dioxin. There doesn't seem to be a doubt in the minds of any credible scientist.  John Graham, the man we are considering this evening, not only doesn't question the toxicity of dioxin; he actually thinks it has medicinal qualities. Let me read what John Graham, the nominee before us this evening, has said about dioxin, the most dangerous chemical created by the human race known today:       It's possible that measures to reduce current average body      burdens of dioxin further could actually do more harm for      public health than good.  That is interesting. Then he goes on to say:       I think there would be also merit in stating not only that      TCDD (dioxin) is a carcinogen, but also I would put it in the      category of a likely anti-carcinogen.  Where did he say that? Was that a casual statement that someone picked up on a tape recorder? No. It was a statement to the EPA Science Advisory Board on November 1 and 2 of the year 2000. John Graham, gatekeeper, rules and regulations, protecting American families from health risks--he thinks dioxin, the most dangerous chemical known to man, a known carcinogen, actually stops cancer.  Let's see what others have said.  The National Institutes of Health: ``Dioxin is a known human carcinogen.''  EPA: ``The range for cancer risk indicates about a ten-fold higher chance than estimated in EPA's earlier assessment, in terms of the damage and danger.''  EPA: ``The promulgation of this theory--  They are referring to the statement by Mr., Dr., Professor John Graham.  ``The promulgation of this theory that dioxin is an anti-carcinogen hypothesis is irresponsible and inaccurate.''  That John Graham, whom President Bush's wants to put in a position to judge questions of public health and safety, who has said on the record and he acknowledges he is not a chemist, not a biologist, he is not a toxicologist, not a medical doctor, could stand before the EPA's Science Advisory Board and tell them dioxin could stop cancer is almost incredible. It is incredible he would be nominated for this job after he said it. That is what we face this evening.  People have come before us and said it is all about measuring the dollar value of rules and regulations with the risk involved. Let me repeat, I do not quarrel with that premise, but I do believe the person making the measurement should be engaged in sound science, and in this situation we have a man with advanced degrees in public policy who goes around telling us that dioxin, the most dangerous chemical created on the Earth, can cure cancer.  I do not know how we can really look at that statement and this nomination and ignore the simple fact. Why would he say things such as that? Because he has made his life work representing corporate interests, industries, and manufacturers who want to reduce the standards when it comes to environmental protection. He has been in States such as Louisiana, Alabama, and Maine testifying on behalf of one of his major clients, the paper industry--which, incidentally, discharges dioxin from paper mills--saying you should not be that concerned about dioxin. He is a chorus of one in that belief.  Thank goodness the State of Maine rejected his point of view and said that they would have zero tolerance for dioxin, despite John Graham's arguments to the contrary.  In his testimony for these companies, Graham stated:       Based on a comparison of breast cancer screening programs      and other cancer prevention programs, dioxin standards      ``would be a poor investment in cancer prevention.''  That is what it comes down to. He does not want to get into this argument on the merits of dioxin, and cancer, other than these few outrageous statements. He says there is a better way to spend the dollars. In Maine and other States they were trying to decide what is a safe amount of dioxin that we might release in streams that may accumulate in the fish or the children who eat the fish or the people who drink the water. He could find a way out for his corporate clients.  Thank goodness the State of Maine rejected his point of view. The New York Times said it came out with the toughest standards in the Nation when it came to protecting the people of Maine from dioxin contamination.  The same man who said pesticides on fruits and vegetables were not a public health hazard, the same man who finds in dioxin some medical merit, wants to now be the last word in Washington on rules and regulations on safety and public health.  Excuse me; I think President Bush can do better; I think America can do better, better than this man.  A lot of people have talked about the endorsements he received. No doubt he has. We received a letter originally sent to Senator Thompson on May 17, 2001, from those who are members of the faculty who work with John Graham and know of him at Harvard University, and others who have worked with him in the past. This group which signed the letter includes Dr. Chivian, director of the Center for Health and the Global Environment at Harvard Medical School, who shared the 1985 Nobel Peace Prize, and the list goes on and on, from Johns Hopkins to the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, dean of the School of Public Health at UCLA. What do they have to say about John Graham?       It is a cardinal rule of scientific research to avoid at      all costs any conflict of interest that could influence      the objectivity of one's findings. This rule takes on      added significance in the context of biomedical and public      health research, for peoples' lives are at stake.       For more than a decade, John Graham, Director of the Center      for Risk Analysis at the Harvard School of Public Health and      candidate for position of Director of the Office of      Information and Regulatory Affairs at the Office of      Management and Budget, has repeatedly violated this rule.      Time and again, Professor Graham has accepted money from      industries while conducting research and policy studies on      public health regulations in which those same industries had      substantial vested interests. Not surprisingly, he has      consistently produced reports, submitted testimony to the      Congress, and made statements to the media that have      supported industry positions, frequently without disclosing      the sources of his funding.  They give some examples:  Soliciting money from Philip Morris while criticizing the EPA's risk assessment on the dangers of secondhand smoke;  Greatly overestimating the costs of preventing leukemia caused by exposure to benzene in gasoline while accepting funds from the American Petroleum Institute;  Downplaying EPA's warnings about cancer risk from dioxin exposure while being supported by several major dioxin producers, including incinerator, pulp, and paper companies;  While simultaneously talking on cell phones in research underwritten by a $300,000 grant by AT Wireless communications.  Major spokesman before Congress on behalf of industries' ``regulatory reform'' agenda, while being supported by large grants of unrestricted funds from chemical, petroleum, timber, tobacco, automobile--automobile--electric power, mining, pharmaceutical, and manufacturing industries.  They continue:       We, the undersigned, faculty members at schools of medicine      and public health across the United States, go to great pains      to avoid criticizing a colleague in public. Indeed, in most      circumstances we would rejoice over the nomination of a      fellow public health professional for a senior position. . .      . Yet, in examining the record of John Graham, we are forced      to conclude there is such a persistent pattern of conflict of      interest, of obscuring and minimizing dangers to human health      with questionable cost-benefit analyses, and of hostility to      governmental regulation in general that he should not be      confirmed for the job. . . .  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Dorgan). The Chair advises the Senator from Illinois he has 5 minutes remaining.  The Chair recognizes the Senator from Tennessee.  