President, I have listened very carefully to the defenders of John Graham this evening. I listened very carefully to Carl Levin, the Senator from Michigan. I respect him very much. It is a rare day when Senator Carl Levin and I disagree on an important issue such as this, but we do disagree.  Senator Levin, Senator Voinovich, Senator Gramm, and others have come to this Chamber and have talked about the fact that when you enact a rule or regulation in America to protect public health or the environment or workers' safety, you should take into consideration the cost of that rule. I do not argue with that at all. You cannot argue with that. There has to be some rationality, as the Senator from Texas says, between the rule and the perceived protection and result from it.  I do not quarrel with the fact that John Graham is capable of understanding the value of a dollar. What I quarrel with is the question of whether he is capable of understanding the value of sound science and the value of human life. That is what this is all about. When you make this mathematical calculation--which he makes as part of his daily responsibilities at his center for risk studies; he can make that mathematical calculation; I am sure he can; we can all make it--the question is, What do you put into the calculation?  Let me give you an example. People have come to this Chamber to defend John Graham, but very few of them have tried to defend what he has said on the record throughout his public career.  Here he is quoted in a magazine called Priorities, in 1998:       The evidence on pesticide residues on food as a health      problem is virtually nonexistent. It's speculation.  John Graham, in 1998: Pesticides on food as a health problem is virtually nonexistent; speculation.  We asked him the same question at the hearing. He took the same position. He backed off a little bit, but he does not believe that pesticides on food present a health hazard.  Let's look at the other side of the ledger. You decide whether these people are credible people or whether, as the Senator from Texas has suggested, they have their own special interest at stake.  Here is one. Here is a really special interest group, the National Academy of Sciences. They released a study entitled ``Pesticides in the Diets of Infants and Children'' in 1993. They concluded:       Changes needed to protect children from pesticides in diet.  Not John Graham, the gatekeeper for the rules of public health in America, he doesn't see it; the National Academy of Sciences does.  Take a look at Consumers Union. I read the Consumers Union magazine. I think it is pretty credible. And they go straight down the center stripe. They tell you about good products and bad ones. That is why they are credible and we buy their magazines.  In their report of February 1999 entitled ``Do You Know What You're Eating,'' they said:       There is a 77% chance that a serving of winter squash      delivers too much of a banned pesticide to be safe for a      young child.  Well, obviously, the Consumers Union knows nothing about risk analysis. They don't understand John Graham's idea of the world, his scientific revolution, his paradigm.  John Graham said: Pesticides on food? Virtually nonexistent as a health problem--not to the Consumers Union. They got specific: Winter squash, young children, 77-percent chance that they will have a serving of pesticide they should not have in their diet.  How can a man miss this? How can John Graham, who has spent his professional life in this arena, miss this? This is basic. And he wants to go to OMB and decide what the standards will be for pesticides in food for your kids, my grandson, and children to come, for generations?  Do you wonder why I question whether this is the right man for the job?  Here is the last group--another ``special interest'' group--the Environmental Protection Agency. Here is what they said:       EPA's risk assessment showed that methyl parathion could      not meet the FQPA [Food Quality Protection Act] safety      standard. . . . The acute dietary risk to children age one to      six exceeded the reference dose (or amount that can be      consumed safely over a 70-year lifetime) by 880%.  Methyl parathion--this was applied to crops in the field. After we came out with this protective legislation, they had to change its application so it did not end up on things that children would consume.  The EPA knew it. The National Academy of Sciences knew it. The Consumers Union knew it. But John Graham, the man who is being considered this evening, he did not know it. So what minor job does he want in the Bush administration? The last word at the OMB on rules and regulations on the environment and public health and safety. That is why I oppose his nomination.  I at this point am prepared to yield the floor to the Senator from Massachusetts. I do not know if there will be a request at this point from the Senator from Nevada, but I yield the floor.  