President, this is a historic day in the Senate. The announcement this morning by Senator Jim Jeffords of Vermont that he is going to become an Independent and organize the Senate with the Democratic caucus means a change in leadership in this important institution of government. It is not the first time that a Member of the Senate has changed political parties. I reflected as I came to the floor that there were four Members on the Republican side who were formerly Democrats at some point in their career. Senator Thurmond was a Democrat from South Carolina and made a decision to become a Republican, I believe, in the 1970s. Senator Phil Gramm was a Democratic Congressman from Texas who changed his party allegiance and ran for reelection before he was elected to the Senate as a Republican. Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell switched parties from Democrat to Republican and now sits on the Republican side. In addition, Senator Richard Shelby of Alabama made the same transition from Democrat to Republican.  Of course, it is different in this circumstance in a 50/50 Senate. Any change of party has historic consequences. The decision of Senator Jeffords to organize with the Democratic caucus means there will be a rather substantial change in terms of the leadership of the Senate.  For the last several months, since the election of President Bush, many have given speeches and made statements about the need for bipartisanship. Now we will be put to the test if we have a Democrat-organized Senate, a Republican House, and, of course, a Republican in the White House. Literally, the agenda for the country and the fate of our country will be in the hands of bipartisanship. I think we can rise to that challenge. I hope we will.  I have the greatest confidence in the man who will be the Democrat majority leader, Tom Daschle of South Dakota. I have worked with him for almost 20 years in public life, in both the House and the Senate. He is not only very talented; he is an honest person, as hard working as any Member of this Chamber, and his word is good. President Bush, as well as Speaker Hastert, I am sure, will find him to be an excellent person with whom to work.  I also hope we can develop a common agenda, a bipartisan agenda for the Senate. We have dealt with important budget and tax matters. There are other issues that need to be resolved, not just the 13 spending bills that fund our Federal Government but important issues which, frankly, have not received the attention they deserve. One of those is the Patients' Bill of Rights, to make certain the families across America can have peace of mind that they can go to the best doctors and the best hospitals and rely on medical decisions being made by medical professionals rather than by insurance company clerks. Too often, good medical decisions are being overridden by those who work for insurance companies who have a profit motive in mind rather than the best interests in a person's health. I think a Patients' Bill of Rights should be high on our agenda.  Second, of course, we will move into the area of education. This is an area we were debating before the tax bill arrived, and that most Americans agree is absolutely critical to the future of our country. We have to make a commitment in our agenda to public education and the education of all children across America. The schools of today face extraordinary challenges which my generation could not have even imagined. Children are coming to school now with greater problems than they have had in the past, and we are expecting more out of the school in terms of training and education than we ever did in the past. We have to make the investment in quality teachers and accountability, in safe classrooms, in modern classrooms, and technology so our kids have a fighting chance to lead America into the 21st century. That should be high on our list of priorities.  In addition to that, the President has asked us to look at questions related to energy. That is an important issue in my home State of Illinois where people have gone from recordbreaking heating bills because of the cost of natural gas to the recordbreaking cost for gasoline at the pump. It is important to not only find new sources of energy that are environmentally sound and make certain they are delivered to the people who need them but to also talk about conservation, a responsibility that is not only one we have as individuals but as the Government. We have to do our part as consumers to buy more fuel-efficient vehicles. Government has to do its part to encourage Detroit to catch up with Japan which already has these duel-use, duel-energy vehicles on the street that are in great demand. Unfortunately, Detroit has not come up with an alternative to compete. They should.  In addition, we have to look at the marketplace for energy in America. Some people think it is simply a supply-and-demand market. It is hard to imagine there is real competition of supply and demand when you drive around Chicago or Springfield, IL, and see all of the prices at the gasoline stations going up in lockstep and coming down, trickling down, in lockstep to believe there is real competition. It is hard to find anybody who is selling at a low price in order to entice consumers.  Sadly, despite the high energy prices and the fact some say it is a market situation, these energy companies are having the highest profits in many years. It is one of the industries that can guess wrong for consumer demand and make higher profits. That is something that has occurred.  We also need to address the question of the minimum wage for workers across America. There was a tax bill passed yesterday that leaves behind over 70 million Americans who do not get a reduction in their tax rate, those at the 15-percent rate, the lowest rate, and those are the same people in many cases who are working for a minimum wage. We have not touched the minimum wage in years in this country.  We have in my State over 400,000 people who go to work every single day at the minimum wage. If we are serious about giving mothers and fathers more time at home with their kids so they can have some leisure time and an opportunity to work with their kids on education, taking a look at the minimum wage is an important element sothey don't have to work two or three jobs to try to make end's meet.  There is an important agenda ahead of us. I have touched on only a few items I hope we will consider. Now that we have this change in leadership in the Senate, it is important we address it on a bipartisan basis. It is a unique day in the history of the Senate. It is a unique challenge to all to rise above partisanship and put our country first.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  