 I will respond to my colleague and friend, the Senator from Utah, Mr. Bennett. I have heard him speak before about the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument. He is a man of great control and moderation. I can tell it brings his blood pressure to a high level to recall the creation of this particular monument. He has heartfelt feelings about this process and he has expressed them, hopefully, in private.  I do say in fairness that one of the people he mentioned several times on the floor is someone I respect very much and worked with for many years, Miss Katie McGinty, who worked for the Clinton administration. I found her to be entirely professional and ethical, with the highest integrity and great skill. I want to make certain that is part of the record.  I also do want to make note of the following for the record, as well. With regard to the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument, the Bureau of Land Management has utilized an extensive process to develop a management plan to administer the new monument. The planning team included five representatives nominated by the Governor of Utah, Mike Leavitt. Over 28 meetings were held and over 9,000 comments considered prior to finalizing the monument management plan in February of 2000. In addition, following establishment of the monument, the Department of the Interior worked closely with the State of Utah to negotiate a major land exchange that traded State and Federal land so as to help maximize the value of State lands for the benefit of Utah's schoolchildren and provided a $50 million payment to the State.  My amendment addresses whether or not we will drill for oil and gas and mine minerals, particularly coal in this case, in the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument.  I make the following comments for the record: According to the U.S. Geological Service, all of the recoverable oil in the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument would provide for America's energy needs for a total of 4 hours. All of the recoverable gas in the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument would provide for America's energy needs for 1 hour.  On the issue of coal, fortunately, we are not at the mercy of anything like OPEC when it comes to coal in the United States. The U.S. Department of the Interior has estimated we have 250 years worth of coal reserves right here in the United States. The Senator has said repeatedly that the coal in this national monument can light all the lights in San Francisco for a long period of time. I suggest all the coal in the United States could light the lights of most of the western civilization for a pretty substantial period of time. We have a lot of coal. I am glad we do. I have three times more coal in my State of Illinois than the Senator from Utah believes he has in his State, at least by estimates from the Department of Energy.  The Interior Department bought back all of the Federal coal leases within the Grand Staircase at a cost to taxpayers of $20 million. There are no existing leaseholders, no coal development taking place in this national monument. So those who were there were compensated when they left.  Let me go back to what this amendment is all about and why I have offered it. The Bush administration said they are prepared to explore the possibility of drilling for oil and gas in national monuments. When visiting Washington, DC, and you hear the words ``national monument'' you think of the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial. But national monuments under Federal lands are tracts of land set aside by Presidents over the history of this country to be preserved for future generations.  Beginning with Republican President Teddy Roosevelt, 14 of the 17 Presidents who served since 1906 have used the power to set aside land, saying this is special land and is part of our natural national heritage that should not be developed and should be protected. In all, these Presidents, Democrats and Republicans alike, have established 122 national monuments. After the Presidents did that, Congress came in and agreed with the President in at least 30 different instances, saying these national monuments should be national parks, the next stage of the process.  We are talking about the California Coastal National Monument, the Giant Sequoia National Monument in California, Craters of the Moon National Monument in Idaho, Vermilion Cliffs National Monument in Arizona. The Grand Canyon was once a national monument that became a national park. Those who support my amendment believe we ought to take this special real estate in America and treat it in a special way. We ought to say that for a small percentage of the land that we call America, that God has given us, we are going to protect it from economic exploitation.  But not President Bush. President Bush and his administration says no; we are prepared to drill for oil and gas and mine coal in these lands.  You cannot protect the special character of these lands and use them economically. You cannot hope to say to your children, grandchildren, and their children and grandchildren, that they will be able to see something spectacular and special, untouched by man, if you allow this kind of economic exploration.  This is a photograph taken of one of these national monuments. It is a beautiful piece of land. I am sure we are all proud it has been set aside so future generations can come to see it, visit it, and know it is to be protected. Mr. President, 95 percent of all the Federal lands we own in America--and we own millions of acres--can be drilled for oil and gas, and mined for coal. We believe that is appropriate because we are not going to sacrifice something that is really special. My amendment says that for 5 percent, 1 acre out of 20, special rules will apply: No drilling for oil and gas, no mining of coal.  I hope those who have followed this debate will understand that existing leaseholders on these lands will not be disadvantaged. In fact, all we are saying is that this heritage, to be left to future generations, should be protected.  At the end of consideration of this amendment, there will be some people watching the final vote very carefully. They will be people who work for the big oil companies and the gas drilling companies, some coal mining companies out west, who really think if they can get their hands on this land there is money to be made.  There will be others watching, too: People across America who understand a special responsibility which elected officials have today in the Senate and in the House of Representatives and, yes, in the White House as well, to preserve this national heritage.  I encourage all my colleagues to join me in voting for this amendment. It had a strong bipartisan vote in the House of Representatives: Democrats and Republicans and an Independent alike, believing it was important we speak with one voice when it comes to something as basic as this.  I yield the floor.  