Madam President, I am opposed to discrimination--discrimination based on race, creed, color, gender, or sexual orientation. I am sorry that the Boy Scouts of America, which were an important part of my youth, an important part of my family, have now become a symbol that is being debated in the Chamber of the Senate. I am sorry this organization that has meant so much to so many is now being trivialized or symbolized by this debate. But it is a fact, and it is a fact that the amendment that has been offered by Senator Helms raises many questions.  I do not think the question is whether or not Boy Scout chapters have access to public schools. As the Senator from Washington said, that is not even debatable. The Supreme Court has ruled on that as late as this week. They had a specific ruling saying that no school district can keep any Boy Scout troop out of a public school. They have access. This amendment is not necessary. It is already the law of the land.  The amendment by Senator Helms goes further. The amendment by Senator Helms says that no school district can discriminate against a youth group that also says homosexuals may not belong.  This raises some serious problems because there are school districts in States across America, including the State of Illinois, which have a statement of policy, and they say: We will not let any groups be sponsored by our schools if they discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, gender, or sexual orientation. It is just a school policy. You want your school group to be sponsored by the school? No way if they discriminate.  I would imagine those statements of policy were passed at school board meetings without a dissenting vote. Who is going to vote against that: That you would want a school district sponsoring a group that discriminates? Yet what Senator Helms says in his amendment is that if your school district sticks with that policy of nondiscrimination in sponsorship, you lose your Federal funds.  What does that mean to the school district of the city of Chicago? Hundreds of millions of dollars coming in to help kids. With the Helms amendment, it is gone. It is not just Chicago. Many other States are also affected.  This amendment, which may have been offered as a tribute to the Boy Scouts or for whatever reason, has become much more. This has gone way beyond the Boy Scouts, I say to my colleagues in the Senate. What this amendment is trying to do is, frankly, create an environment which is antithetical, antagonistic to the beliefs of many school districts which have basically said: We will not sponsor organizations that discriminate. Yes, we may be forced to bring some in to have access to our schools, but we are not going to sponsor them.  According to Senator Helms, if you do not sponsor them, it is discrimination. If it is discrimination, guess what. You lose your Federal funds.  Let me go to the point raised by Senator Byrd from West Virginia. Senator Byrd touched on an important point. He talked about what kinds of youth groups we are discussing. Senators started using hypothetical groups: What about skinheads, this group, that group, that happen to have some awful beliefs but also happen to discriminate against those of a different sexual orientation? As I read the Helms amendment, the school not only has to open the door to have access to use the school, but they also have to be willing to sponsor the group, and if they do not sponsor that group and others such as it, then they run the risk of losing their Federal funds.  Is this a farfetched idea that a group such as that might arise? I wish it was. I will tell my colleagues about my own home State of Illinois. Have you ever heard of the World Church of the Creator? Mr. President, I remind my colleagues, they did hear about it in the news not long ago.  This is a white supremacist organization that advocates openly the murder of Jewish individuals and people of color. It has what it calls ``holy books,'' ``ministers,'' and religious ceremonies all grounded in their ``religion'' of white supremacy.  Do my colleagues know when they heard about them? They heard about them in July of 1999. A young man named Benjamin Smith went on a shooting rampage throughout Springfield, IL, Urbana, Decatur, Skokie, Chicago, and Northbrook. He wounded nine and murdered Won-Joon Yoon, a doctoral student at Indiana University, and he killed Ricky Birdsong, an African American, the former Northwestern University basketball coach.  Mr. Smith wounded and killed these individuals because he hated those who were different from him and because his religion, the World Church of the Creator, supported taking violent action against them.  If the World Church of the Creator approached a school in Illinois and asked that school sponsor their youth group, under the Helms amendment, ifthey said no, they would lose their Federal funds. Why? Because the World Church of the Creator also has a very clear policy when it comes to homosexuals. The World Church of the Creator does not allow homosexuals in the membership or in their leadership.  Think of the situation we are creating. Imagine serving on a school board with no pay under these circumstances. Senator Helms, in trying to pay a tribute to the Boy Scouts, has opened the door wide for mischief from every crazy group in America that wants to not only use school premises but be sponsored by schools. If they don't go along, guess what. They get either a lawsuit or the loss of Federal funds.  I consider this amendment a complete disaster. It is a disaster when one considers the impact it has on schools across America that are trying to live under the four corners of the law. The Supreme Court has said open your doors for access, but the Supreme Court doesn't say a school has to sponsor the group, provide the schoolbus, make sure they have some sort of special treatment within the school, give them a page in the yearbook.  Do we want the World Church of the Creator to have a page in the yearbook of your child's high school? I certainly don't. I am embarrassed that this organization calls Illinois home. In an open and free society, these things are allowed to exist, but they are not in a situation where they ought to receive special treatment, which Senator Helms wants to give them under this amendment.  I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, take time to read this carefully. This is not as simple as it sounds. The language Senator Helms has put in this bill will create nothing but trouble for school districts across America which will now be forced to face impossible decisions as these hate-filled groups come in, one after the other, asking for special treatment.  Join me in voting no against the Helms amendment.  