President, it took a few minutes to sort out what we are doing, and this is what it has come down to. I am offering an amendment to the bill before us with a bankruptcy reform bill which was considered 2\1/2\ years ago in the Senate and passed by a vote of 97-1.  Senator Hatch has come back and said, instead, it is a take it or leave it deal. We have this bill that is presently before us--take it or leave it. That is what the choice will be for my colleagues in the Senate. But I encourage them to take a close look at the differences between the substitute I am offering and what is being considered today in this Chamber.  This bankruptcy debate has gone on for over 4 years. A very small percentage of Americans will never set foot in bankruptcy court, thank the Lord, but those who do hope they will have a new day in their lives. Because of their income situations they cannot repay their debts. Many of these people would love to repay their debts but, unfortunately, they have been faced with medical bills far beyond what any family could take care of. They might have gone through a divorce and found themselves with little or no income to raise a family and all the bills finally stacked up and pushed them over the edge. They could face a situation where they have lost a job that they had for a lifetime and then they find themselves in bankruptcy court.  My colleague, Senator Grassley of Iowa, spoke eloquently, when I offered my bill, about the need for us to change the process so the Senate could have bankruptcy reform. Let me read a little bit of what Senator Grassley said in the Congressional Record of September 23, 1998. He said:       Mr. President, first of all I want to thank everyone in      this body for the overwhelming vote of confidence on the work      that Senator Durbin and I have done on this bankruptcy bill.      Getting to this point has been a very tough process involving      a lot of compromise and a lot of refinement.  Senator Grassley went on to say:       You heard me say on the first day of debate that for the      entire time that I have been in the Senate that on the      subject of bankruptcy--maybe not on every subject, but the      subject of bankruptcy--there has been a great deal of      bipartisan cooperation . . . this legislation has always      passed with that sort of tradition.  About the amendment I am offering now, Senator Grassley went on to say:       So I want to say to all of my colleagues that I not only      thank them for their support but, more importantly . . . that      tradition has continued. . . . I don't think we would have      had the vote that we had today if it had not been for the      bipartisanship that has been expressed. . . .  The vote was 97-1. The Grassley-Durbin bankruptcy reform had overwhelming bipartisan support. But, on two successive occasions, that bankruptcy bill went into a conference committee and, frankly, never emerged. What came back from the conference committee was a slam dunk, unbalanced, one-sided bankruptcy reform that favored credit card companies and financial institutions, and, frankly, did little or nothing for consumers and families across America.  I am pleased we have had this debate before us. But I tell you in the spirit that Senator Grassley spoke to the Members of the Senate on the floor, I have offered the very bill which he and I worked on for so long, the bill that passed so overwhelmingly. We already have before us a thoroughly researched and broadly considered bill which was found acceptable to virtually every Member of this body in 1998. The bill before the Senate now, the Bankruptcy Reform Bill, is not a balanced bill. The bill we have before us today is one that is tipped decidedly in favor of credit card companies and banks.  There have been efforts made over the span of this debate to amend this bill to give consumers a fighting chance. Those efforts have failed. I have tried to offer an amendment, for example, which would require more complete disclosure on the monthly statements on credit cards. The credit card industry has refused. Why send a message to America of how divided we are in bankruptcy reform instead of coming up with a bipartisan bill that addresses the issue? The Senate can speak in a united, bipartisan voice, making clear we have reached a broad-based consensus on bankruptcy reform.  Let me review a few of the major differences between the bills and point out why I believe the bill I offer as a substitute is a much more balanced approach, a decision made by 96 of my colleagues and myself when we last voted on this.  The Durbin amendment uses a means test that requires every debtor, regardless of income, who files for chapter 7 bankruptcy to be scrutinize by the U.S. Trustee to determine whether the filing is abusive. We want to stop abusive filings and those who would exploit the bankruptcy court. The bill creates a presumption that a case is abusive if the debtor, the person who owes the debt, is able to pay a fixed percentage of unsecured nonpriority claims or a fixed dollar amount.  In my home State of Illinois, the average annual income for bankruptcy filers in the Central District where I live in Springfield, in 1998, was $20,448. Yet the average amount of debt which people brought into bankruptcy court was more than $22,000. It is clear that these people were over the edge. You can't get blood out of a turnip. When the credit industry wants to keep pushing and pushing and pushing for more and more money, they have lost sight of the reason for bankruptcy court. When people have reached the end of the road, it is time to give them a fresh start.  This figure shows these filers were hopelessly insolvent. They owed more money on debt than they had in collateral and their total income for the entire year. They don't even come close to meeting the standards where they would go through the scrutiny of this bill.  My amendment gives the courts discretion to dismiss or convert a chapter 7 bankruptcy case if the debtor can fund a chapter 13 repayment plan. What it means in simple language is this: If the court takes a look at the person in bankruptcy court and says, ``You can pay back a substantial part of this debt, we are not going to let you off the hook entirely,'' the Durbinamendment says: Yes, the court can reach that decision. And that is an appropriate decision. Everybody should try in good faith to pay their bills.  But let us also concede there are some people who will never be able to repay these bills. Unfortunately, the amendment offered by Senator Hatch is one that doesn't give that kind of latitude and flexibility.  My approach is cheaper, it is more flexible, it is more sensible, and it is more fair. What is the sense of applying a complicated means test to every bankruptcy filing when studies have clearly shown the types of means tests envisioned in the amendment of Senator Hatch would only apply to a small fraction, far less than 10 percent of the people filing bankruptcy? A study by the American Bankruptcy Institute put the figure at 3 percent. That means that 100 percent of the people filing in bankruptcy court would have to go through a process that only applies to 3 percent of them.  Beyond the administrative costs, there is a lot of stress on poor families in this approach. Let me tell you why I think this bill is also balanced. I don't believe we should ration credit in America, but I believe as consumers and families across America you have a right to be informed, well informed about what you are getting into with a credit card. My amendment was more balanced in its approach. This bill before us, Senator Hatch's bill, does not approach credit card disclosure in a meaningful way. This should be a primary objective of bankruptcy reform: Reform the bankruptcy court, but also end some of the abuses of the credit card industry.  When you go home tonight and open the mail, you know what you are going to find--another credit card solicitation. If you happen to be a college student, you are a prime target for these credit card companies. They want to get students with limited or no income with credit cards in hand, charging debts across the campus and around the town, many of them finding themselves in over their head in no time at all.  If I want to take out a large loan at a reasonable interest rate, a few thousand dollars, or $100,000 as the mortgage on my home, I have to go through all kinds of scrutiny. The banks want to see my income tax forms, my bank statements, my pay stubs, and the like. But many of you know when you want to apply for a credit card the same tests don't apply.  We have heard a lot about the democratization of credit. On the one hand, it is a good thing; credit should be broadly available. The marketplace should work in a way so everyone who needs credit has access. But the pendulum has swung too far in the wrong direction. According to BAI Global, a market research firm in Tarrytown, NY, in 1999 Americans received 3 billion mailings advertising credit cards. That is more than three times the 900 million mailings in 1992, and those are only the ones that go through the mail. We know there are Internet solicitations and television and radio solicitations and magazine solicitations as well.  Let me tell you a little bit about the college students. At American University here in Washington, DC, every time a student purchases something from the bookstore at American U, he or she gets this bag. At the bottom of this bag are four--not one, but four--credit card solicitations for these students every time they go into the bookstore.  Another college has a phone-in system for registering for class. That sounds pretty convenient. I can remember standing in long lines when I had to register. But when the students come in, the first thing they hear from the university is a credit card solicitation. There is no avoiding it. If they want to register for class, the first thing they have to find out is whether they need a credit card. That is the most important question.  When I go to a University of Illinois football game, they wave a T-shirt at me: Do you want a free T-shirt? Sure. Well, all you have to do is sign up for a credit card.  Students are signing up. The dean of students tells us the No. 1 reason kids leave school--not because of academic failure--is because they are in over their heads when it comes to credit cards.  That sort of thing is absolutely indefensible. When you consider the fact the median family income for chapter 7 bankruptcy filers has been declining, it tells us that more and more people of limited means are taking out too many credit cards and getting in too far.  This bill that is being offered by the credit industry says several things:  First, if you get in over your head and want to file for bankruptcy, it is going to be tough.  Think about this for a minute.  There was an interesting article which appeared today in the Washington Post that said, ``Bad timing on the bankruptcy bill.'' If we are worried about confidence, and if people are worried about making purchases, are we going to pass the Hatch-Grassley bankruptcy bill to tell people if they purchase something and get in over their heads they are not going to be able to get out of their debt in bankruptcy court? Is that supposed to restore consumer confidence? Just the opposite is going to be true.  I think the writer of this, Robert Samuelson, makes a very good point.  One of the provisions I think we should consider is that consumers have more information on their monthly bill they receive from a credit card company--something that is clear and understandable and not ambiguous. The credit industry that wrote the bill before us said they will say to consumers across America that they will give them an 800 telephone number so they can call if they have any questions about the credit card.  When you go home tired at night and are fighting all the phone calls coming in, you don't want anyone to say they will give you an 800 telephone number.  What I suggested is something very simple, and it is a part of my amendment. I have a little show and tell. Let me demonstrate it.  This is a credit card statement that came to one of the people in my office. As you can see, it is pretty familiar to you. It has a second page with all of the things we read so carefully each month to figure out what the terms of the credit card are.  The concern I have is this whole question of the minimum monthly payment. I said to the credit card companies: When it comes to the minimum monthly payments on these monthly statements, could you be so kind as to say to the people who are being billed, if they make the minimum monthly payment and they don't increase their balance, how many months it will take for them to pay off the balance and how much will they have paid in principal and interest.  I don't think that is an outrageous idea.  This is an example of what it might look like. This says, if you make the minimum monthly payment, it will take you 8 months to pay off your current balance, and the total cost to you will be approximately $9,407 instead of the remainder of $5,435.  Do you know what the credit card companies told me when I suggested they put this information on the monthly statement? ``Impossible.'' It is impossible for us to calculate if they made the minimum monthly payment how long it would take them to pay the principal and interest.  You know better and I know better. The technology and the computers are such that they can provide this in an instant. But they do not want people to know this. Make the minimum monthly payment, and things are going to be just fine. When you get in too far, why don't you ``consolidate your debt'' and get another credit card, and pretty soon you are in over your head.  Pretty soon, if this bankruptcy bill passes, they will find when they walk into bankruptcy court they will be stuck with these debts. They cannot get away from them.  This is the greatest boon to the credit industry that has ever been passed by the Senate. And we are about to do it today, if we don't adopt the Durbin amendment.  