I don't believe he is at this moment. I will yield as soon as he is prepared to speak. I want to make a statement on this issue in a moment.  I thank the Senator from North Dakota because I think he summarized this issue. I went home to Illinois over the weekend. It is interesting how many people are following this debate but no real surprise. How many of us are out on the highways now going back and forth to work or on vacations? Look on the freeways in Chicago or on the interstate highways in downstate Illinois; you see a lot of trucks. We can rightly assume, if they are American trucks, that they are subject to pretty substantial standards in terms of the safety of the vehicle and the competency of the driver. What kind of standards? An inspection, No. 1, to make sure the brakes work, make sure the trucks don't weigh too much, make certain the lights work on the trucks, and basic things such as that.  Secondly, when it comes to the competency of American truckdrivers, we are pretty demanding. We ask them to keep a log and tell us how frequently they are driving and for what period of time. We subject them to drug tests and alcohol tests. We go through a lengthy background check to see if they have a history of driving under the influence or reckless driving. We make them pass a CDL exam for their license and to go out on the road. It is a demanding examination. We want them to understand the highway standards and regulations for safety in the United States.  When my family is driving down the highway for a vacation--which I hope will happen sometime in August--and we see a truck coming up behind us, if it is an American truck from an American trucking company with an American driver, I at least have the peace of mind that it is more likely than not that the truck has been inspected and that the driver has passed the test.  What is this amendment all about? This is about trucks that aren't American trucks and are driven by people who are not American citizens. We are talking about trucks coming in from Mexico. Many of the people who come here today and support this provision by Senator Murray requiring standards for Mexican truck inspection, standards for Mexican truckdrivers, voted against the North American Free Trade Agreement. Some of them, as previous speakers have said, believe it was not in the best interest of the United States.  I don't come from that position at all. I am from the State of Illinois. Exports are critical to Illinois, whether it is in the agricultural sector or the manufacturing sector. I voted for NAFTA.  I voted for NAFTA believing we were doing two things: opening up a potential market for the United States in Mexico and opening up a potential market for Mexico in the United States. I believe in free trade so long as it is fair, so long as it is subject to standards and rules that are enforced.  In the middle of this debate, it could have been one of the most contentious debates I recall in Congress. I was a Member of the House of Representatives when the NAFTA issue came before us. During the course of this debate, there was a high intensity feeling, particularly opposition from a number of people, environmentalists, those representing labor unions. They were opposed to NAFTA.  A number of us went to the Clinton administration and said, if we pass this NAFTA treaty, we want to understand how it is going to work. The first question I asked, and received a response in writing, was this: If we agree to NAFTA, a trade agreement with Mexico, will we have to compromise any of our health and safety standards in the United States?  The answer came back, unequivocally, no. If a health and safety standard is imposed on an American company, the same standard can be imposed on the Mexican company and product coming into the United States. Whether it is the safety of food that is brought in or whether it is the safety of trucks driven in from Mexico, they are subject to the same standards.  A few weeks ago the Ambassador of Mexico came to my office. He is a very nice gentleman. I met him there and then again in Chicago when President Vicente Fox visited Chicago 2 weeks ago. We had a long talk about this.  I said: Mr. Ambassador, let me ask one basic question. If we will hold Mexico to the same standards when it comes to the safety of trucks on the highway and the competency of drivers that we hold American trucks and American truckdrivers to, will that be acceptable?  He said: Yes, that is not unreasonable.  I remember this particularly. He said: When it comes to logbooks, tell us what is wanted in these logbooks. The color of the cover of the logbooks can be told to us. We will live by the same standard as American truckdrivers.  I thought that was a reasonable position to take. It certainly is what I understood when we voted for NAFTA, but if one listens to the critics of Senator Murray's amendment, they are suggesting holding Mexico to the same standards as the United States is protectionist; it is violating free trade; it is violating NAFTA.  Nothing could be further from the truth. I think they have overreacted. I invite them to read the language Senator Murray has put in this bill. What she has said time and again is: The Mexican trucks and Mexican truckdrivers will be subject to the same standards.  What if we should take out the Murray language altogether? What if we had no such language in the law? What could we expect?  There are several things we know about Mexican trucking companies. One, under Mexican law, there is no limit to the number of hours a driver can drive a truck. In the United States, there are specific limits. We believe that if someone is behind the wheel for a long period of time, it can take its toll. They are not as responsive as they should be. They may not be as careful as they should be. In Mexico, there is no limitation.  We heard the comments earlier from the Senator from North Dakota, when a reporter from the San Francisco newspaper traveled with the Mexican truckdriver, they covered 1,800 miles in 3 days and the truckdriver slept a total of 7 hours. Think about yourself driving 1,800 miles, perhaps driving from St. Louis to Los Angeles. Or going back and forth across the country, and in a span of 3 days you cover that trip with 7 hours' sleep. How good are you going to be behind the wheel at that point?  Let us change this. You are not just behind the wheel of your car. You are driving a truck down that highway that could weigh 135,000 pounds. That 135,000 pounds is another important figure because we have a limitation on the weight of trucks in the United States at 85,000, but not in Mexico. They can put trucks on the road at 135,000 pounds.  We have a driver who has no limitation on the number of hours that he can consecutively drive down the highway, with a truck that is substantially larger than anything permissible under the law in the United States. That driver keeps no logbooks because the law is not enforced in Mexico. That driver is not subject to the same drug and alcohol testing as American truckdrivers because they have not established the laboratories for testing. We see that time and time again. The Mexican truck companies and the Mexican truckdrivers do not meet the minimum standards we expect in the United States.  What if there was an accident? This is worth noting, too. In the United States, if someone has a truck on the road, with an American truckdriver and an American truck, their liability insurance will range from $750,000 to $5 million. A Mexican truckdriver has average insurance of $70,000. Think about how little that covers if one is in a serious accident with a lot of injuries.  The Murray amendment is a reasonable amendment. It is one I hope those who support free trade, as I support free trade, will understand is part of the bargain. We are prepared to say to Mexico, we will live up to their standards when it comes to our exports to their country. They should live up to our standards when it comes to their exports to the United States of America.  That is not unreasonable. That is what fair trade is all about. The Murray amendment is a substantial step forward to establish a standard.  When people in Illinois have said to me, Senator, when you get back to Washington make sure the Mexican trucks are safe, they understand, as well as I do, when we are going down the highway with our family, heading for vacation and look in the rearview mirror, we should not have to look twice to try to determine whether that license plate is from the United States or from Mexico as to whether it is safe.  We ought to know wherever those trucks are from, they are going to be safe for all families on the highway in the United States.  I yield the floor.  