In this debate about education, we are focusing on critical needs in American education. One of those critical needs is the ability of a child to read. We have established partnerships in this bill that will try tofind new and innovative ways to teach our children how to read.  As a parent and as a former student, I certainly can recall the breakthrough in my life and the lives of my kids when their reading skills reached a level where they picked up a book by themselves and enjoyed it. I am glad they did. My kids have turned out just fine. Thanks to good teachers and a lot of prodding by parents, a lot of children go through this learning experience to read. I think it is wonderful that this bipartisan education bill focuses money on these partnerships to bring in new, innovative thinking to teach our children how to read.  The amendment I offer today looks at another challenge beyond reading, on which I think we should take a moment to reflect, and that challenge is math and science education. Think about the wondrous things occurring in America today. Think of all the technology that is being developed. Think of the fact that the United States leads the world--and we are proud of it--when it comes to the development of technology. Pause for a moment and reflect on whether or not we are training our children so they can continue this dominance of the United States when it comes to math and science.  If you make an honest and objective appraisal, you may come to the same conclusion I have come to, and that is that we can do a better job. I fully support the idea of the reading partnerships. The amendment I offer today suggests we fund for math and science partnerships at the same level of funding as reading partnerships. That sounds like a pretty simple thing. I hope it is agreed to on a bipartisan basis. It is not offered as an unfriendly or hostile amendment. I hope many will view it as a positive response to a good suggestion. Yes, let's invest in reading, but don't forget the need to invest in math and science.  Does anyone doubt the need exists? I am going to recount for a moment some statistics and information we brought together about the current state of education in math and science in America. As you listen to this information, reflect on whether or not we can do a better job, whether or not we need to make the right investment in teachers and in students and teaching techniques so we continue our dominance in the world in the areas of science, technology, and mathematics.  In too many cases today, elementary and secondary students in American schools are not receiving world-class math and science education. Every 4 years we have an Olympics, a winter Olympics and a summer Olympics. We are very proud of U.S. athletes who compete with athletes from nations around the world. Those young men and women usually end up in the White House for representing our Nation, and they show off their gold medals and silver medals and bronze medals and we take great pride in it.  There was another Olympics which took place a few years ago, the 1996 Third International Mathematics and Science Study, called the TIMSS assessment. It was administered to students around the world in grades 3, 4, 7, 8, and 12; 45 different countries participated in it.  The U.S. students at the third and fourth grade levels scored near the top in these international assessments. Their performance started to decline when we were compared to 8th graders around the world, and their ranking was well below the international average by the 12th grade.  American eighth graders were tested with TIMSS again in 1998 and 1999 to see if there had been any change. The raw average scores were about the same as they were for the eighth graders tested in 1996. The eighth graders tested in 1999 exceeded the international average in both science and math. But of the 38 countries that participated in the assessments, students in 17 countries performed better than students in the United States in science and 18 nations outscored the United States in math. Singapore, Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan led the nations that were tested in math and science. U.S. students' math and science scores put us in the same category as Bulgaria, Latvia, and New Zealand.  U.S. students today are just not taught what they need to know when it comes to math and science. Most American high school students take no courses in advanced science; 50 percent of students take chemistry; 25 percent take physics.  In a February opinion article for Education Week, the president of the National Science Teachers Association asked this question: If the United States were ranked 17th in the world in Olympic medals, it would be a national embarrassment and no doubt there would be a free flow of money to fix the problem. Why can't the same be true for education?  First, let's speak about teachers. This is the key to it. If you do not have a person standing in front of the classroom who understands the subject and knows how to teach the subject, then the child has to learn on his or her own.  Can you remember when you were sitting at a desk in a classroom? Could you have taken out that book in the classroom and learned by yourself and gone home at night and have done your own homework without the help, the urging, and encouragement of a teacher? I doubt it.  In 1998, the National Science Foundation found that just 2 percent of elementary school teachers had a science degree and 1 percent had a math degree. An additional 6 percent had majored or minored in science or math education in college. Nearly one in four of American high school math teachers and one in five high school science teachers lacked even a minor in their main teaching field.  Do you know what that means? These are teachers standing in front of classrooms in our high schools teaching math and science who did not minor or major in that subject in college. They might be good teachers. Maybe they have a lot of talent. But it suggests that someone who has majored perhaps in English or history, standing up trying to teach a chemistry or physics course, may not have the skills they need.  Internationally, fully 71 percent of students learn math from teachers who majored in mathematics--around the world, 71 percent. Only 41 percent of all American elementary and secondary students are taught by teachers with a math degree.  I would like to have a pop quiz in the Senate for all of my colleagues. Please take out your pads and pencils. We are going to have a little math test.  A researcher at the University of California at Berkeley found that just 11 out of 21 American elementary school teachers could divide 1\3/4\ by \1/2\ and come up with the correct answer. Every single teacher in a group of 72 Chinese teachers got it right. I wonder how many Senators could get it right.  High school and college students in America, unfortunately, are not majoring in math and science as they must if we are going to meet world demand for the skills to make certain that the 21st century is an American century. In 1997, the National Science Foundation found that 22 percent of college freshmen who intended to major in science or engineering reported that they needed remedial work in math, and 10 percent reported they needed remedial classes in science.  Let me speak for a moment about women and minorities in the fields of math, science and technology.  In 1996, women received 47 percent of all science and engineering bachelor's degrees awarded but just 9 percent of the bachelor's degrees in engineering-related technologies, 17 percent of the bachelor's degrees in engineering, and 28 percent of the bachelor's degrees in computer and information sciences. Women make up half of the U.S. workforce, but they account for only 20 percent of those with credentials in information technology.  The National Science Foundation tells us that African Americans, Hispanics, and Native Americans comprise 23 percent of the population as a whole but earn just 13 percent of bachelor's degrees, 7 percent of master's degrees, and 4.5 percent of doctorate degrees in science and engineering.  So we are not only failing to teach Americans when it comes to math and sciences, but we are leaving behind women and minorities who should be part of this exploding opportunity that America knows is really our future.  There is also a terrible shortage of technological workers. If you follow the proceedings of the Senate, you probably are aware of the fact that we debate from time to time changing visa quotas of those who want to come into the United States, particularly underH-1B visas. The reason, of course, that we are opening our doors in America for technology workers to come in from overseas in larger numbers is that we do not have the work pool in this country to meet the needs.  There is a lesson here. For Senators who are following this debate and those who are in the galleries and listening, the lesson is this: If we are going to produce the workers in America to meet the needs of high-tech employment, we can't start with a law mandating that it comes from Congress. We have to start in the classroom, and we have to start it at an early age.  The purpose of the amendment I am offering today is to say let us start investing in math and science partnerships early on so that we have a chance to produce these workers for the next generation. I think it is not unreasonable to ask my colleagues in the Senate to make an equal investment in math and science as they do in reading so that we no longer have to debate on an annual basis opening the doors of our Nation so that those who were trained in foreign schools and foreign universities can come and fill those high-paying jobs.  There is a terrible shortage when it comes to math and science teachers. The National Science Teachers Association has reported that 48 percent of all middle schools and 61 percent of all high schools reported difficulty in finding qualified science teachers. In urban areas, an astounding 95 percent of districts report an immediate need for high school science and math teachers.  I was born and raised in East St. Louis, IL. It was a great town in which to grow up. But East St. Louis has fallen on very hard times. The public schools of my old hometown struggle to survive and to educate children.  I once met with the superintendent of the school district of my old hometown. I asked him about math and science teachers at East St. Louis Senior High School. This is what he told me: We will have any teacher who is willing to try to teach math and science. We are not going to question their background or qualifications. If they will take that textbook and stand in front of the classrooms, we will hire them on the spot.  That is just not a story of East St. Louis, IL, it is a story, sadly, across America, particularly in urban school districts. Think of a wasted opportunity. How many young men and women sitting in that classroom with the right teacher and the right opportunity can make a valuable contribution to this Nation? But they won't be able to do it if the teacher standing in front of the classroom doesn't have the skills.  In Chicago, school officials have begun recruiting foreign teachers and bringing them in from overseas to teach in the Chicago public schools, particularly in the areas of math and science. They find in some areas of Europe and Asia where math and science are really valued that these young people have great degrees and want to come to America. Once again, we are issuing additional visas so that foreign-trained teachers can come and teach in our high schools. It is happening in Chicago, a town I am proud to represent. But it ought to give us some pause to think that is how we are responding to this national need.  Let me recall the year 1957 for a moment. The Soviet Union shocked the world by launching a satellite called Sputnik. We had just started our concern about the cold war. Along comes this Soviet breakthrough in science which literally scared the Members of Congress into doing something substantive. We enacted major legislation known as the National Defense Education Act. It was maybe the first initiative by the Federal Government to make a direct investment in education. We were concerned that we didn't have the engineers, scientists, and technicians to compete with the Soviet Union in the cold war. Money was put into the National Defense Education Act. It provided funds for schools to improve their math and science courses. It provided scholarships and loans for those who went to college so they could get better degrees and be prepared to lead this country.  Why do I know so much about the National Defense Education Act? I was one of the recipients. I borrowed money from the Federal Government, completed my education, and paid it back so others could follow. Was it a good investment for America? Personally, I think so. Thousands of students benefited from it. In fact, we did not only begin the race to the Moon, but competing with nations around the world in science and technology is evidence that it paid off. We made a Federal investment that was a good investment.  The mounting evidence of the state of the world today should give us pause. Student achievement in science and math in the United States is stagnant. Students are losing interest in math and science in high school. Fewer students pursue degrees in the math and science fields. The technology workforce is having a difficult time finding qualified workers, and it is hard to attract math and science teachers whom we need in our schools.  All of these factors must lead us to conclude that something must be done to reform math and science education in grades K through 12. This bill makes an important first step in funding national science partnerships. I am asking the sponsors and those supporting this bill to consider expanding the amount of opportunity in math and science as we have in reading. Let us not make math and science second rate next to reading. Reading is critically important, but don't in any respect forget the importance of math and science to our Nation.  We have appointed several commissions over the last several years, one of them with our former colleague from Ohio, Senator John Glenn. We all know John Glenn's story--this great American who served in the Marine Corps in both World War II and the Korean war, the first man in space, and who served with us in the Senate. After he announced his retirement from the Senate, once again he became an astronaut. What a great man, and what a great contribution he made to America; he is a person who really appreciates science and math. He was asked by President Clinton to establish a commission to look into this issue of the question of math and science.  The Glenn Commission came out with some startling findings to back up the reasons we need this amendment today. Senator Glenn came to the conclusion that if America is really going to succeed in the future, we cannot ignore the need for math and science.  What he has said in this report--which is bipartisan, bringing together some of the best educators in America--is, we need to make the investment to make it happen, to make certain we have good teachers who are well paid and kids who are well educated in the fields of math and science.  There was another commission created which reported to Congress in February of this year. It was cochaired by former Senator Gary Hart of Colorado and former Senator Warren Rudman of New Hampshire. This commission did not look at science from the viewpoint of just education; they looked at it in terms of national security. And, once again, this bipartisan commission, representing some of the best minds in America, looking in the field of national security, came to the conclusion that education was a national security imperative.  So if you are one of those in Congress who believe our first responsibility is to provide for the national defense, then you should read this commission report and realize that a strong America, with a strong national defense, relies on strong teachers and strong students in classrooms around America who are learning math and science.  I think the message is very clear. I hope my colleagues will pause and reflect on it for a moment. We have a chance, in this legislation, to do something significant for our schools. I am happy that it is a bipartisan effort. I am happy that we have Senators from both sides of the aisle working with Members in the House of Representatives on both sides to come up with a bill.  I do not believe this is a partisan amendment I am offering. I believe there are Republican Senators, as well as Democrats, who appreciate the need for an investment in math and science.  It is interesting that when I asked for support for this amendment from around the country, the support did not just come from teachers organizations; the support came from those representing scientific endeavors, people who are on the front line in research in America, people at the National Institutes of Health, those who are involvedin research in Silicon Valley. These are the people who came forward and said to me: Senator, don't overlook math and science. Make this basic investment in reading, but don't forget math and science.  We want to be able to hire American students to work in American companies to produce American products that sell around the world. I am not averse to people coming to this country. My mother was an immigrant. I have an open mind, and I really believe in the value of immigration. But if we look to the future, don't we want to give our kids the first opportunity in the classroom?  What we do with this amendment is increase the authorization level for math and science partnerships.  