President, over the last few weeks, many conservatives have launched an extensive public relations campaign to assail Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee, and particularly Chairman Pat Leahy. They have been critical of the pace of judicial nominations. This campaign is wholly unwarranted. Coming during a war when Democrats are committed to working with the President to shore up our Nation's defenses, it is particularly ill timed.  The Washington Times has compared Democrats to terrorists, referring to the pending nominations as a ``hostage crisis.'' Another conservative publication, Human Events, labeled my colleague, Chairman Leahy, as ``Osama's Enabler.''  Sadly, these outrageous charges are not limited to right-wing media outlets. Many colleagues in the Senate from the other side have leveled the following accusations: One Senator said the Democrats are guilty of racial profiling. Another Senator said the Democrats on the Judiciary Committee are actively hindering the war effort. Another Republican Senator said we are drawing out a session to deny the President a chance to make recess appointments.  In truth, Senator Leahy has done an excellent job of moving the President's nominees along--far better than the Republicans ever did over the previous 6\1/2\ years. We have already confirmed 27 judges since July of this year. When all is said and done, we may well end up confirming more than 30. That is more judicial nominees than were confirmed during the entire first year of President Clinton's term in office, when the Senate was controlled by the same party. It is double the number of nominees confirmed during the entire first year of the first Bush administration.  Chairman Leahy has had to contend with Senate reorganization, terrorists attacks, a massive antiterrorism bill, and anthrax contamination that shut down his personal and committee offices. We all recall the news reports about the anthrax letter being sent to Chairman Leahy. He has had ample occasions to delay hearings. Yet he has not. He easily could have used any of these obstacles as an excuse to cancel hearings, and he did not.  In little more than 5 months, Chairman Pat Leahy has held more judicial nomination hearings than Republicans held in all of 1996, 1997, 1999, and the year 2000.  The Democrats, under his leadership, have eliminated the anonymous holds that crippled the judicial confirmation process for the last 6 years.  If you are not here in the Senate, anonymous holds may be a term you don't understand. Let me explain it. Under Republican leadership, any Senator could block a nominee for any reason, without even identifying him or herself to the rest of the Senate. A nominee would come before the Senate Judiciary Committee and sit there week after week, month after month, and in some cases year after year without any Senator standing up and saying: I am the person who is holding this judicial nominee. It was totally unfair.  On some of the nominees, I used to go around the Chamber begging Republican Senators to tell me: Do you have a problem with the nominee? I want to talk about it.  They wouldn't say. It was anonymous. That is over. Under Senator Leahy's leadership, the anonymous holds that have crippled this process for the last 6 years has been eliminated. We have made public a Senator's support or opposition to judicial nominees from their home State. We have moved nominees approved by the committee swiftly to the floor. I presided personally over two or three of these hearings. And those nominees went straight from the committee to the floor in a matter of days. We have voted unanimously to confirm nominees vetted by the committee. The only vote against all of President Bush's nominees coming out of committee was cast by minority leader Trent Lott.  Quite frankly, it is a bit ironic to hear many of our Republican colleagues complain about unfair delays in judicial nominations. It is no secret that many of our colleagues systematically blocked Democratic appointments, regardless of qualifications, to the Federal courts of appeal. In 1996, for example, the Republicans failed to confirm one single appellate court nominee--not one.  In the 106th Congress, Republicans failed to act on an astonishing 56 percent of President Clinton's appellate nominees, despite the fact that his nominees received extraordinarily high ratings from the American Bar Association, and support on a bipartisan basis.  Some of President Clinton's nominees languished after a hearing or committee vote; many more never even got a hearing.  Let me tell you about one: Helaine White, a nominee for the Sixth Circuit in Michigan. She waited in vain for over 1,400 days for the Judiciary Committee to schedule a hearing. For approximately 4 years, she sat in that committee.  If my Republican colleagues got a letter marked ``Return to Sender'' after 1,400 days, they would abolish the Post Office.  They thought it was all right to let Ms. White, a nominee for this important judicial vacancy, sit there for approximately 4 years.  The situation was so bad under the Republican leadership of the Judiciary Committee that Chief Justice of the Supreme Court Rehnquist criticized the Republican leadership for creating so many vacancies in the Federal courts. In fact, one of President Bush's own judicial nominees, who was unanimously voted out of the committee last Thursday, criticized the Republicans last year for employing a double standard for a Democratic nominee to the courts.  Chairman Pat Leahy of Vermont has already held more hearings for the Fifth Circuit than the Republicans held in over 6 years. In 6 months, Pat Leahy has held more hearings to fill vacancies in that circuit than the Republicans held in 6 years. The Democrats have confirmed the first new judges to the Fifth and Tenth Circuits since 1995--6 years.  Details like this demonstrate there is simply no comparison between Democratic and Republican records.  Our Republican colleagues would have you believe the Democrats are dragging their feet because the ratio of President Bush's confirmations to the number of vacancies is relatively low. But what they don't tell you is this: Close to 70 percent of the current vacancies in the Federal courts have been open since President Clinton was in office, several of them since 1995. They are decrying the number of vacancies not filled, and yet during President Clinton's Presidency they would not fill them, even though he sent qualified nominees to the Senate.  The number of judicial vacancies increased by 60 percent during the 6\1/2\ years the Republicans were in charge of the Senate. Due to concerted opposition by their party, President Clinton appointed proportionately fewer appellate judges than either President Reagan or the first President Bush. Now, with a Republican President back in the White House, our Republican colleagues are suddenly very concerned about judicial vacancies.  In the wake of September 11, President Bush called on Members of the House and Senate to come together--and we have--to improve air safety, to stabilize the airline industry, to give law enforcement additional tools to fight terrorism, and to strengthen our economy. That is exactly what the Democrats have done. We put aside partisanship to meet the demands of our country at war.  Quite frankly, we would have had an easier time of it, and fewer disputes with the Republicans over judicial nominees, if the President and his Attorney General had sent up more judicial nominees like those we have already confirmed, especially for the Federal Court of Appeals. This simple fact is often lost in the din of partisan rhetoric.  The Democratic leadership has worked hard, in just a few months, to confirm men and women of real integrity and accomplishment to the Federal judiciary. We have advanced judges who enjoy widespread bipartisan support. They have records which demonstrate a commitment to mainstream American values, including the protection and advancement of civil rights and civil liberties for everyone. We have intentionally avoided a contentious and draining fight over controversial nominees.  In the weeks and months ahead, with the immediate national crisis we face, we will still have to confront many controversial nominees. But let me remind my colleagues that we are filling lifetime appointments. These are not temporary. Judges sit on the Federal bench long after many of us have delivered our last speeches and after Presidents have come and gone. We will scrutinize them fairly, but carefully.  Our Republican colleagues have said they want us to work three times as fast because when they were in control they went three times as slow. Sadly, many of the nominees we have been sent do not really hew to the mainstream of American politics. The end result--if we follow and appoint every nominee sent--would be a judiciary that would not represent the values of this country, the mainstream values which we should push for when it comes to these important judicial appointments.  The American electorate has been evenly divided over the last 10 years. This country is entitled to a judiciary that reflects that diversity, not one hijacked by any political extreme, right or left.  Chairman Pat Leahy has done an excellent job as the Senate Judiciary chairman, and his critics on the right should read the facts.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Stabenow). The Senator from Wisconsin.  