President, I rise today in support of this trade agreement between the U.S. and Jordan. It is important in terms of national security. Jordan is important in the quest for peace and security in the Middle East, which couldn't come at a more appropriate time. It is important economically--without a healthy Jordanian economy, they will not be able to play a constructive role in the Middle East.  For me, it is important because it recognizes that included in the economic relationship between the U.S. and Jordan are labor and environmental standards. It goes without saying that domestic labor markets and environmental standards are relevantto competition within a nation and between nations. Both the U.S. and Jordan have strong practices in the areas of labor and the environment.  Some critics of this historic legislation counsel us that if either country fails to meet their commitments to enforce these or other provision of the agreement, they do not expect or intend to use traditional enforcement mechanisms to enforce them. This kind of talk is unfortunate. To say that regardless of the violations in a trade agreement, enforcement mechanisms will not be used is irresponsible. Trade sanctions are always a last resort. But to set a precedent in any agreement that under no circumstances is there an expectation they may have to be used is a mistake an unwise precedent.  I should remind critics of this legislation that the agreement carefully sets up a framework for various consultations and mediation over a long period of time before either party could use sanctions only after recurring violations affecting trade and only with appropriate and commensurate measures. This is clear. Cutting corners on the important issues of labor and environmental standards in trade agreements is a step backwards for future constructive action on trade.  I support this agreement because of the importance of our relationship and because the timing couldn't be more important. I support this agreement because we need to support our friends in the Middle East. By passing this legislation today, the United States Senate sends a clear signal of support to our many allies in the Middle East and a clear signal to Osama Bin Laden that we stand united with his neighbors to do whatever we can to promote the economies between civilized nations.  