First, I congratulate him on his excellent remarks. All of us who have owned pets and have developed a friendship and affection for them can certainly identify with his kind words about his beloved Billy Byrd and Billy Byrd's sister Bonnie. I say to Senator Byrd, I was not aware your dog had a sister. I am glad that has been reported formally in the Congressional Record.  I also congratulate Senator Kohl because he has worked hard on the Agriculture appropriations bill that is before us. I am happy to serve on the subcommittee. I know the hours that have been put in by the Senator and his staff.  Let me highlight two aspects of this bill that we ought to keep in mind. It is known as the Agriculture appropriations bill, but it is so much more.  As important as agriculture is to America, this bill contains as much money or more for nutrition and feeding as it does for agricultural programs.  This morning a man by the name of Robert Forney came to my office. Bob is an old friend. He was head of the Chicago Stock Exchange. When he retired last year, Bob Forney became the CEO of a program known as Second Harvest. Second Harvest is the largest emergency food provider in America. They keep the canned goods and other items of food available for families who are struggling.  Bob came to tell me this morning that the challenge facing food banks across America and feeding programs is growing geometrically; 415,000 Americans lost their jobs last month. Many of them lost jobs that don't qualify for unemployment insurance, and they are struggling to feed their children.  In this land of prosperity, children are going hungry and the numbers grow by the day. This bill, with its provision for WIC, for mothers, infants, and small children, as well as the provision for food stamps, addresses that. We ought to be mindful of the need to watch this closely. More money probably will be needed before the end of the next fiscal year.  There is an important element in this bill about food safety. I salute Senator Byrd, who stood here yesterday and said: Let us put money into food security at a time when American families are worried about bioterrorism. We lost because colleagues from the other side of the aisle said this is not an emergency. We know better. America knows better.  This bill, which funds the Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture to make certain that our food is safe, provides funds, but the bill offered by Senator Byrd would have given the additional resources needed for more inspectors, better inspection, better peace of mind for people all across America. That bill was defeated. I hope we have a chance to debate that again.  What happened yesterday really turned this Chamber on its head. We are supposed to listen to the people we represent. We are supposed to speak for them and advocate for them. What Senator Byrd came forward with yesterday was spending so that we could produce vaccines to prepare America for a possible bioterrorist attack. Some have said: There the Democrats go again, spending money right and left on porkbarrel. Vaccines to immunize our children and families in case of a bioterrorist attack is not porkbarrel or wasteful. It is prudent and thoughtful. I thank Senator Byrd for his leadership on that.  Putting money into law enforcement: We tried yesterday so that across Illinois and West Virginia and Wisconsin and across the Nation, our first responders, whether police or firefighters, will have the resources to respond to an act of terrorism.  Modernization for computers: The Senator from West Virginia may be stunned to learn, as I did recently, that a new FBI agent told me their computer system at the FBI does not have e-mail, nor does it have access to the Internet. That is the computer system of the premier law enforcement agency in America.  Senator Byrd put resources in that bill to modernize computers at the FBI and other important law enforcementagencies. The Republicans voted against it, saying it was not an emergency.  