I do not know what the time constraints are for this debate, but I wish to briefly make a point or two. As a former member of the Budget Committee and someone who has followed Senator Conrad as the new Chair of the Budget Committee, I think you have won a deserved reputation for the kind of fiscal discipline which has really helped this country so much in the last 10 years.  We were able to finally break away from the old deficits in the national debt, which was growing at an unprecedented rate. We saw, over the last 8 or 9 years, an amazing convergence of fiscal discipline, creating annual surpluses and a booming economy, two things which I think the American people would applaud, in terms of economic policy, as the most important things we could achieve.  I think the Senator from North Dakota has been outspoken, as have many of my colleagues, in opposition to some of the tax cuts that have been proposed. Although they are appealing to those who might receive them, you have to take a look and see what they achieve for our economy and what they cost us in the long run.  If I understand the Senator from North Dakota in what he is saying today, it is that, as we try to move toward something that truly moves the economy forward, we should not do it at the expense of the Social Security trust fund, the Medicare trust fund, or long-term deficits. We do not want to see ourselves back into that deficit situation.  I will tell the Senator my concern, and then I will ask him for his response. The House stimulus plan, which gives over $25 billion to the biggest corporations in America--one corporation, IBM, receiving $1.4 billion in tax breaks--money that is clearly being given to this corporation, not to build a plant or hire more people but simply as a reward for whatever--and then with the Senate Republican plan, which tries to provide additional tax cuts to the highest wage earners in America--both of these plans will fail to stimulate the economy but will drag us down in terms of future potential deficits.  I would like the Senator, if he could, to contrast what he thinks is the most important effort we can make now to stimulate the economy without driving ourselves back down into deficit.  