President, I rise today in recognition, honor and celebration of Black History Month. This year's theme is ``Creating and Defining the African-American Community: Family, Church, Politics and Culture.'' We should use the forum this month to educate all Americans that African-American history is American history. African-Americans have played a key role in shaping America by their known and untold contributions to science, art, education, politics, commerce and culture.  Dr. Carter G. Woodson is the founder of Black History Week which has expanded to Black History Month. Dr. Woodson, the son of slaves, realized that the rich and detailed history of African-Americans was in danger of fading to obscurity, so he became an impassioned teacher and advocate of African-American history, and created some of the first courses and textbooks devoted to this topic. He also founded what is now known as the Association for the Study of African-American Life and History. A firm believer in the importance of education, he studied at Harvard, the Sorbonne in Paris and the University of Chicago. Dr. Woodson was also Dean at Howard University in Washington DC.  Black History Month gives Americans an opportunity not only to learn of great African-American leaders like Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., but also to learn of lesser known African-Americans who have played key roles in molding our great country. For instance, most Americans do not know that Jean Baptist Pointe DuSablefounded the city of Chicago. Mr. DuSable was born in 1745 in Haiti to a white French sea captain and a black former slave. After his mother's death, Mr. DuSable went to France with his father to be educated and at the age of 20 sailed to America. Eventually, Mr. DuSable settled in what would become the great State of Illinois and became a fur trader. In 1779, Mr. DuSable built a trading post in a location that the Indians called Eschikcago or ``place of smelly waters.'' The trading post eventually developed into the settlement now know as Chicago.  Similarly, Lewis Howard Latimer made great contributions to society. Mr. Latimer perfected Thomas Edison's invention of the electric light bulb by creating the carbon filament light bulb. Mr. Latimer was the sole African-American member of Edison's team of inventors. His 1881 creation of the carbon filament light bulb alleviated the electric light bulb's design flaws of a short life span and a tendency to shatter when becoming too hot.  In addition, African-Americans like Daniel Hale Williams have accomplished astounding breakthroughs in the medical field. One night a deliveryman, who had been stabbed in the heart, was rushed into the emergency room at Chicago's Provident Hospital. Dr. Williams decided to open the man's chest and operate. He successfully repaired the torn tissue in the man's heart and completed the operation. Dr. Williams made history that night as the first doctor to perform open-heart surgery. His patient went on to live for another 20 years.  Dr. Charles Richard Drew also made contributions that revolutionized the medical field. Dr. Drew was a world-renowned surgeon, medical assistant and educator. He transformed the practice of medicine by creating a way to preserve blood. Dr. Drew also created the first blood bank and developed a way to efficiently store blood plasma.  While most American know of the courageous story of Rosa Parks, not as many are aware of the bravery of her predecessor, Ida B. Wells-Barnett. Ms. Wells-Barnett was a school teacher who refused to give up her seat on a Memphis-bound train. After being physically forced out of her seat, Ms. Wells-Barnett brought a suit against the railroad for their actions, and won. Later, however, the State court overruled the decision of the circuit court. Ida Wells went on to become an influential journalist. She moved to Chicago at the turn of the century and worked tirelessly to fight against the horrible scourge of lynching, and to fight for fair treatment of African-Americans. The Chicago Housing Authority named one of its first housing developments the Ida B. Wells Homes, and in 1990, the U.S. Postal Service honored her life's work by issuing the Ida B. Wells stamp.  I am pleased to be able to speak today about the accomplishments of these great Americans. Black History Month can help us look back and recognize the great obstacles African- Americans have overcome. It can also help us look ahead and recognize the great obstacles that still hinder African-Americans today.  The disenfranchisement of thousands of African-American citizens in Florida this past election year clearly illustrates this point. Instead of being proud that they participated in the democratic process, many African-Americans were outraged because their voices were silenced. Their votes did not count. A disproportionate number of the invalidated votes cast for President in South Florida were from African-American and Caribbean communities. In all, an astounding one third, 22,807, of the rejected ballots were cast in predominantly black areas.  Many African-Americans rightfully believe their disenfranchisement resulted from the use of antiquated voting equipment. Analysis of the Florida election plainly shows that Americans who voted in areas that utilized punch card ballots had a much greater chance that their vote would be invalidated than those who voted in areas that utilized more modern equipment. In this great democracy, it is unacceptable that thousands of legally qualified voters were disenfranchised because of obsolete voting machinery.  Unfortunately, this problem was not limited to Florida. In Fulton County, GA, a community with a large African-American population, punch-card voting equipment was used which resulted in one out of every 16 votes cast for President being invalidated. However, Fulton's neighbors, two largely white counties, utilized more modern equipment which resulted in only one in every 200 votes cast for President being invalidated.  Even my home State of Illinois was plagued with problems stemming from outdated voting equipment, especially in largely African-American communities. For instance, in Chicago, one out of every six votes cast for President was invalidated while almost none of the votes in some of the city's outer suburbs were rejected. This indefensible disparity is one of the reasons that I am proud to cosponsor the Federal Election Modernization Act of 2001. This Act will supply funding to States to help replace obsolete voting equipment. I personally believe the price to equip every voting precinct in the country with user-friendly and reliable mechanism to cast and count ballots is well worth it. The millions of dollars in estimated costs to ensure accuracy pale when compared to the value of protecting each individual's right to vote and the price paid by those who fought and gave their lives to secure this right.  As Americans, we must realize that even though discrimination is legally eradicated from American society, vestiges of the decades of discrimination still remain today. We need only look at the voting difficulties that plagued African-Americans in the 2000 election to demonstrate this point. If America is ever to achieve its full potential, we must acknowledge, address and eliminate the obstacles that African-Americans face not only during Black History Month, but every day.  