It is near the Great Lakes Naval Training Station. It needs additional Federal assistance. I supported it and asked for it over the years, and I will continue to support it.  The Hagel amendment we are considering is fundamentally inexplicable. Here we have $1.2 billion to be given, as I understand it, to 200 impact aid school districts; $6 million per school district if you happen to be in the lucky category of Senator Hagel's amendment. And who will lose? Sixteen thousand school districts across America that have already made application and been approved for money for renovation of schools.  In my home State of Illinois, we are talking about $42 million they expect to receive in the next few weeks, money that will be spent to make schools better and safer before the new school year starts. They will not receive the money under the Hagel amendment. Only one school district in my State will receive the money, some $6 million. Quite a windfall.  I am sure they can figure out someplace to use it, but is that fair? Is it fair at this point in time, after every State in the Union and the school districts therein have made applications for $1.2 billion in school construction money, to tell them it is over, they are not going to receive this assistance? The money that is being applied for in this construction grant is money to make schools safer so kids can go to school and have a good learning experience.  I thank the Senator from Arizona, Mr. Kyl. He really explained the motive behind this amendment. It is not a matter of helping impact aid districts; it is a matter of many Senators on that side of the aisle objecting to the notion that the Federal Government would give money to local school districts.  The Senator from Arizona was very forthcoming. He said when it comes to school construction, it should come from State and local funds. That is his philosophy. This amendment reflects it. They do not want Federal assistance going to school districts across the State.  I respect the Senator for being forthcoming in his statement, but let's be very clear that this amendment will take away $1.2 billion in school construction funds that school districts across America have applied for to make their schools better and safer for the new school year. That is clearly the intent of it. It is not a question of helping kids in school. It is a question of ending a program which many people on the other side of the aisle just do not agree with philosophically.  I happen to believe education is the highest priority in our country. I believe that an investment from the Federal Government in making our schools safer so kids do not have the ceilings falling down on top of them, they are not stuck out in a trailer in the parking lot, they have a good classroom where they can learn, is a national priority that deserves a national investment.  Those who opposed that program in years gone by had a chance to argue against it. They lost the debate. Now they are trying with the Hagel amendment to win again.  I say to the Senator from Massachusetts, this amendment is, as he says, a last minute attempt to undermine a good program for school construction across America. Those school districts in every State are going to learn, if this amendment is adopted today, they have lost the Federal assistance they need to improve their schools. I reserve the remainder of the time.  