In America, if you go out and do something wrong, if you are negligent, guilty of wrongdoing, we have a system of accountability. If you drink too much at a party, get involved in an accident and get sued, you are held accountable, right? If your business does something that it isn't supposed to do, that is illegal or wrong, you are held accountable, correct? If someone comes to your home, slips and falls, they may sue you; you will be held accountable as to whether or not you are negligent. That is part of the system of accountability in a country of laws.  There are two groups that are above the law in America. The one group above the law is diplomats. You have heard about it: The people who come to Washington from a foreign country to work in an embassy get involved in a traffic accident, catch the first plane back to their home country, and we can't touch them. Why? Treaties. We have said, for diplomats, you are above the law. I don't like it. I have seen some terrible things happen. But that is a fact.  There is another group above the law--the health insurance companies. We talked earlier about doctors coming up with suggested treatments and health insurance companies saying no. Under the law today, the only liability the health insurance company has for making the wrong decision, not covering you when they are supposed to, is the cost of the treatment, not the result of failing to treat. What is the difference? The difference is the cost of the surgery as opposed to the fact that you might have a permanent disability because you didn't get the surgery.  So we say that health insurance companies are above the law in America. They are squealing like stuck pigs because they know that if this bill passes, they will be brought into court as every other business in America and held accountable.  I don't want to see a runup in court cases and litigation. That doesn't solve the problems of a person who needs medical care right now.  I can tell you this: Once those health insurance companies know that 12 average Americans can sit in a box and listen to a judge and the attorneys and stand in judgment over their actions, they will think twice before they make these terrible decisions that deny people the basic medical care doctors think they deserve.  There has also been the argument made: If you allow us to sue the health insurance companies, you will allow us to sue the employer who buys the health insurance plan. Not so. This is a phony argument. This bill very clearly says that an employer that buys the health insurance plan and doesn't make the medical decision, doesn't say yes to the prescription or no to the treatment, is not liable. The bill is explicit.  Let me read the section from the McCain-Edwards-Kennedy bill:       [This provision] does not authorize any cause of action      against an employer . . . or against an employee of such an      employer . . . acting within the scope of employment . . .      unless there was direct participation of the employer in the      decision of the plan.  When could an employer be brought to court for health insurance problems? I will give you one case--I think it is obvious--a case where an employer collects the health insurance premiums from the employee and doesn't pay them to the health insurance company. The employee and his family think they are covered. They are not. They go to a hospital. They say: We belong to XYZ health insurance plan. They say: Your employer never sent in the money you contributed.  Should they be held liable? You bet. That is an employer guilty of wrongdoing. But if the health insurance planreceives the money for the premiums and makes the wrong medical decision, the employer is not going to be held accountable.  That is a question that has been raised over and over by the other side, and it doesn't make any sense at all.  Do you know who can be sued in America? Incidentally, almost everybody is accountable in court under current law--the Red Cross, the Humane Society, the United Way, every other charitable foundation but not your HMO. And when you go to sue because of medical malpractice, you can sue your doctor, your nurse, your dentist, your hospital, but not the HMO that decided you weren't going to get the treatment. When it comes right down to it, every Fortune 500 company, every family-owned corporation, every small business is subject to lawsuit in America, subject to accountability, but not your HMO.  