 Let me say I am one of the few Members on the floor of the Senate who practiced law before he was elected to Congress, who was in a courtroom, involved in a case which had a punitive damage verdict. That is very rare in American law. It happened to me. I was on the defense side. I was defending a railroad in a lawsuit brought by the survivors of an elderly man who was killed at a railroad crossing in November of 1970 near Springfield, IL.  There was a row of cars, train cars, parked near this crossing. This elderly man, late at night, crept up on the crossing to see if he could get across. His car stalled in the crossing. He tried to get out, couldn't, and the train came through and killed him.  When the jury in Illinois sat down and looked at it, they said if you measure the value of an elderly man's life, there is not a lot of compensation. But when they looked at the railroad I was defending and found out we had done the same thing time and time and time again, they decided this railroad needed to receive a message. So they imposed a punitive damage verdict of over $600,000 on the railroad I represented, to send a message to this railroad to stop parking these train cars so close to a crossing that people could get injured and killed. That was a punitive damage verdict in a relatively small town in Illinois.  The Senator from Pennsylvania now wants us to say that three-fourths of the verdicts just like that should be taxed and taken by the Federal Government. He does not believe the family of the person who was killed at the crossing should get the money. He thinks the Federal Government should take the money.  He has some good purposes for the money to be spent. I don't question that. But this is a rather substantial tax which he said we should take to deal with the uninsured in America. Why is it the Senator from Pennsylvania did not suggest we tax the profits and salaries of the HMOs and the health insurance executives? According to Senator Kennedy's statement the other day, one of these HMO executives, in 1 year, made $54 million in salary and over $300 million in stock options.  I do not hear the Senator from Pennsylvania suggesting we tax that to pay for the health insurance needs of America. No, let's take it away from the families of those who were killed at railroad crossings. Let's take it away from the families of children who were maimed, with permanent injuries they are going to face for a lifetime. He would not dare reach into the pockets of the executives of these health insurance companies and tax them.  Come to think of it, just 6 weeks ago we gave them a tax break here, didn't we?--a $1.6 trillion tax break for those executives. But a new tax on the family of those who come to court looking for compensation for real injuries and death in their own family?  We should reject this amendment. We know what it is all about. We are this close to passing a Patients' Bill of Rights with two fundamental principles, principles that say: First, doctors make medical decisions, not health insurance companies in America; and, second, when the health insurance companies do something wrong, they will be held accountable as every other business in America.  There are those on the other side of the aisle who hate those concepts just as the devil hates holy water. But I will tell you, families across America know they are sensible, sound values and principles. All of this fog and all this smokescreen about taxing punitive damages for the good of America--why aren't you taxing the executives' salaries at the health insurance companies who are ripping off people across America? Instead, you are passing tax breaks for those very same people.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  