President, I thank the Senator from Nevada for his leadership. He works so hard on the floor on a regular basis to make sure things run smoothly and we get about the business of deliberating important issues. At this time, there is no more important an issue than the economic stimulus package. As we move around the Nation, clearly people have lost jobsand businesses are hurting. We need to spark this economy, to move it forward.  There was good news yesterday on Capitol Hill. The leaders--Democrats and Republicans--came together to start a process to lead to a stimulus package, a recovery package that will truly help all Americans. I have taken a look at many of the proposals here, and I certainly support the Democrats' position that we need to help families who have lost their jobs. If you are unemployed in America today and you are lucky enough to have unemployment insurance, you get about $230 a week on which to live. Imagine for a moment, as you follow these proceedings, what life would be like on $230 a week, trying to make your mortgage or rental payment, pay utility bills, buy food for your family, and provide for the necessities. It is very difficult.  Over half of the unemployed workers don't even have unemployment insurance. They have left part-time jobs and they have no help. It is no wonder we are finding that food pantries and kitchens for the poor across America are being overwhelmed with those coming in asking for help at the end of the year. It is important that we remember these people as part of the stimulus package. Money given to these families is money that will be spent on the necessities of life, and that would be an expenditure that would not only help them but equally important, spark the economy because they are going to be making purchases that help retailers and producers of goods and services across America.  In addition, health insurance is one of the first casualties of an unemployed family. And $500 or $600 a month for a COBRA plan, a private health insurance plan, is beyond the reach of most families. Think for a moment. If you are one of those lucky Americans, such as myself, whose family is insured, what would it be like to know that tomorrow your health insurance is gone; you are one accident or one illness away from disaster?  We don't want that to happen to the families of the unemployed. That is why the Democrats pushed hard to keep that in the package.  Let me tell you another thing we can do to spark the economy. We need a tax cut that will have an immediate impact and is fair. One I have talked about over the last several weeks--Senator Domenici of New Mexico raised it as well--is a Federal tax holiday. It means that for a month we would suspend the collection of Federal payroll taxes on employees and employers across America. What is the impact? If your family earns, say, $40,000 a year, it means that in that month-long payroll tax holiday you would see an additional $250 in your paycheck, $250 at the end of the year for important purchases for your family, for holiday purchases, for year-end purchases that you might otherwise have put off.  The good thing about this approach is that it is fast, focused, and it is fair. It not only helps workers, every worker who gets a payroll check, it is going to help businesses, particularly small businesses.  Let me give you an illustration. If you had a small business with 100 employees, with each employee having an average income of $40,000, it would mean for your small business, in that month-long holiday period, an additional $25,000 in tax savings. Why does small business need that? The last time I talked to people running a small business, they told me, for example, the increase in health insurance premiums is causing a real problem and hardship. So they can turn around and make sure their employees are covered and also have this money through a tax holiday.  This idea has strong bipartisan support. It certainly makes more sense for us to spend the $30 billion involved in this proposal rather than to put it on a tax cut for people in the highest income categories in America. This payroll tax holiday, which I and Senator Domenici and others support, would be focused on helping employees and employers across America. We can do this. The Congress can enact it. We can say to the American people, even before this holiday season comes to an end, we are going to provide them a real tax cut and real tax relief.  I hope as part of our bipartisan package we can include this provision. We can get this economy moving and do it in the right way, and do it in a fair fashion.  I yield the floor.  