Contractors who fail to comply with this Executive order and fail to post these notices can be barred from bidding on Government contracts.  Interesting, isn't it? The President has said if you violate environmental laws, civil rights laws, or employment laws, we will still want you to do business with the Federal Government. But if you fail to post a notice in the workplace advising people they don't have to become union members to work on the job, you can be disqualified from Government contracts.  Another Executive order--the third one--rescinds a 1994 Clinton administration order requiring building service contractors in Federal buildings who have taken over work previously performed by another contractor to offer continued employment in the same jobs to qualified employees of the displaced contractor. Typically, we are talking about low-wage workers, janitors, or cleaning crews who will now lose jobs on Federal worksites when the Federal Government changes contractors.  The list, I am afraid, goes on. The message is clear for working men and women: This new administration takes a totally different view on protecting workers in the workplace than the Clinton administration of the last 8 years. Whether it is holding contractors of the Federal Government to the standard of obeying the law, whether it is making certain that we protect low-wage workers in the workplace, these sorts of things are not going to be held sacred nor protected by the Bush administration.  Here we come today to the floor with this whole question about safety in the workplace. This question of ergonomics is one that has been debated at length. It pains the Republicans, who by and large oppose this ergonomics rule, to realize that the first Secretary of Labor to point out this national problem that needed to be solved was none other than Elizabeth Dole, the wife of former Senator Robert Dole, and certainly a loyal Republican. She understood, as Secretary of Labor, that these injuries were important enough to merit study by the Federal Government in the promulgation of rules and standards to protect workers in the workplace.  But no sooner did she make this proposal than the business interests who were opposed to this protection of workers started a crusade against them. A crusade usually resulted in delaying the rule going into effect or demanding a study to justify the rule in the first place.  These ergonomic injuries, to date, have injured over 6 million workers in America. They range from such things as carpal tunnel syndrome, which many people have suffered from, to severe back injuries and disorders of the muscles and nerves. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, ergonomic injuries account for 34 percent of the injuries that caused employees to miss work in 1997. Truck drivers had the highest median days--10--away from work. Electricians, plumbers, pipefitters, and transportation attendants, each had 8 days.  Women are disproportionately affected by ergonomic injuries. In 1997, women made up 46 percent of the workforce and accounted for 33 percent of workplace injuries. Yet they accounted for 63 percent of repetitive motion injuries that resulted in lost time. Eighty-six percent of the increase in injuries due to repetitive motion are borne by women; 78 percent of the total increase in tendinitis cases were suffered by women.  I have one example, the nursing profession, a profession in which we are having a difficult time filling vacancies, which alone accounted for 12 percent of all of these types of injuries reported in 1997.  It is estimated that 25 to 50 percent of the workforce are Hispanic and African American workers. So minority workers will be particularly disadvantaged by the passage of this resolution ending this workplace safety. Who has endorsed this ergonomics standard? Former Labor Secretaries Elizabeth Dole, Robert Reich, and Alexis Herman; the American Nurses Association; the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons; the National Academy of Sciences; the American Public Health Association; the National Advisory Committee on Occupational Safety and Health; and many others.  Tom Donahue is currently the President and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. It is no surprise that he opposes this ergonomics rule. He said in his quote that the rule is ``one of a flurry of onerous midnight regulations hastily enacted by the outgoing Clinton administration.''  I disagree with Mr. Donahue. To say this rule just arrived on the scene at the last moment is to ignore 10 years of history.  I guess, beyond that, back in 1979, President Jimmy Carter appointed a person at OSHA to look into these types of injuries. It has been said by Mr. Donahue and the Chamber of Commerce that the ergonomics standard is not supported by sound science. But after thousands of studies, literally 2,000 studies, including two by the highly respected National Academy of Sciences, the numbers are in; the data is there. The real life stories weren't just flukes. We can't ignore the fact that there is strong scientific evidence that certain activities in the workplace lead to injuries that cause pain, suffering, and loss of work.  Let me also point out the Chamber of Commerce says the standard in this rule is impractical; that it applies ``to any job that requires occasional bending, reaching, pulling, pushing, and gripping.'' That is not the case. This ergonomics standard does not apply to agriculture, construction, and maritime industries, as well as most small businesses across the country. Also, the Chamber of Commerce has grossly exaggerated the cost of compliance with this ergonomics standard, saying it could cost as much as $886 billion over 10 years.  This is not the first time the Chamber has inflated the cost of a Federal standard to protect workers in an effort to defeat it.  It appears today they may have the votes to get the job done based on dubious statistics. The real average cost for an employer to change the workplace to make it ergonomically correct and safe is $150. A single injury claim by a disabled or injured employee can be approximately $22,000. Penny wise or pound foolish? Will we protect workers by sending them home safe and healthy at the end of the day by making a slight change in the workplace or will we invite injury and say we will pay the lawyers and the doctors and let the workers' lives be forgotten.  This Congressional Review Act, which brings us here today, was one of the vestiges of the so-called Contract ``on'' America that was promulgated by former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich in his glory days. It appears that the Gingrich ghost is still rattling around the U.S. Capitol because if the components of this ergonomics rule have been waived, we will with one fell swoop put an end to this rule for perpetuity, or at least during the duration of the Bush administration.  This resolution cannot be amended or filibustered. A Senator can't put a hold on the resolution. No more than 10 hours of debate are allowed and it passes with a simple majority. You wonder where the Republicans in the Senate and President Bush will turn next.  In the past, they have said they want to eliminate overtime. They think the 40-hour workweek is not sacred. People should work more than that and not be paid overtime. They have come up with the Team Act which basically allows those who are antagonistic to organized labor to organize around them. They have called for something called paycheck protection to take away the power of individual members of labor unions even to contribute to political campaigns to support the candidates of their choice.  I am afraid this resolution and this debate really tells us that working people in America are in for a tough time over the next 4 years. It certainly reminds us that elections have consequences, and that if a President who is elected has no sympathy for the working families; that the election of the President can change the course and direction of our policies in protecting workers in the workplace.  It is a sad commentary that we have forgotten how important it is that we who enjoy the benefits of a great economy must always realize that there are hard-working men and women who get up every single day and go to work, do a good job, and only expect the basics--fair compensation for hard work, no exploitation in the workplace, and a safe place to work.  The Republicans on the floor--a few Democrats will join them--have forgotten the third one, the requirement for safety in the workplace. For them, these are faceless people who are just statistics. They are ``business costs'' to be borne. I think it is much more. It is a question of whether, in fact, we value labor.  In my own home State of Illinois and some of the cases I am aware of we have had workers--mothers, for example, with small children--who worked for a company for many years, lifting things from one place to the other, different sizes and weights of boxes, including Madeleine Sherod of Rockford, IL. At Valspar Corporation, which makes paint, she was lifting cartons of paint back and forth with a weight of 20 to 90 pounds each. She performed this job for at least 13 years. Her first injury occurred about 15 years ago, and she was diagnosed with carpal tunnel syndrome. She had surgery to relieve the pain.  As a mother of five, her ability to perform the normal tasks as a parent were hindered. She was unable to comb her daughter's hair, wash dishes, sweep floors, and other day-to-day tasks working moms must perform.  A few years after working there, she had another injury and was diagnosed with tendonitis and had tendon release surgery. And even today, she wears a wrist brace to strengthen her wrist. Being extra cautious is part of her everyday life.  She recently found a lump on her left wrist and is preparing for a third surgery.  The reason I raise this is that the workers at Valspar, and at companies across America, deserve protection in the workplace.  Another business very near Rockford, IL, in the town of Belvedere, is an assembly plant for the Neon automobile owned by DaimlerChrysler. I visited that plant several years ago. I was impressed with all the robots, shiny cars, and the good work ethic in the plant. I came back a few years later and was impressed even more to find they had changed the workplace to make it easier so workers would not have to bend down to pick up a fender for construction of a car, and they would not have to jump into an automobile on the assembly line and try to wrestle an instrument panel in place. Things had changed in the workplace. A few simple machines resulted in a much easier workday for the men and women who work there.  I salute DaimlerChrysler and other such companies that have made changes in the workplace that are in their best interests, too. Healthy, productive employees are the best thing a company can have. To ignore that reality, as was the case with Valspar, is to invite injury and pain for the workers, less productivity, more cost for medical bills and for worker compensation claims.  Perhaps the Republicans who are opposing this work safety rule don't realize it, but they are increasing the costs of business. They are making workers' injuries a compensable charge against any visit that will cost them in terms of how much they have to spend to be successful.  I salute not only DaimlerChrysler but also Caterpillar Tractor, the largest manufacturer in my State, which from 1986 to 1989 started noticing a high incidence of back injuries. They went into their plants at a worker training program, made changes in the height of worktables and fixtures and eliminated excessive employee bending and twisting. New tool designs were put in place, new materials to reduce lifting and repetitive motions. As a result of that decision and that effort by Caterpillar Tractor in 1990, the incidence of back injuries decreased by 27 percent.  DaimlerChrysler, as I mentioned earlier, over a 3-year period during which one million instrument panels were installed, had no workers compensation claims reported. Installation of the panel can now be performed by two employees instead of five or six.  A pharmaceutical operation changed their work processes and found out by 1994 that lost time accidents had decreased from 66 to 4, and recordable injuries decreased from 156 to 60. Workers compensation losses decreased tenfold. A safe workplace is a good investment. It is not only the moral thing to do; it is an economically smart thing to do.  The President, with his Executive orders, and the efforts by my Republican colleague here to eliminate this ergonomics rule, basically try to turn their backs on this reality.  I will vote against this resolution. I feel I have an obligation to the men and women working in my State to make sure their workplace is safe, that they come home from that workplace after a hard day's work well compensated and well regarded. I don't believe employees in this country are disposable items. These are real live men and women trying to raise families and make this a great nation. For us to ignore that on the floor of the Senate and to repeal this ergonomics rule is to turn our backs on worker safety. It may be the first time in the history of this country since the days of Franklin Roosevelt we have decided to take a step backward in protecting the men and women who go to work every day.  If you value work, you should value workers. If you believe a safe workplace is a good standard in a country as good as America, you should vote against this resolution.  I yield the floor.  