Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, 14,345 days. That is how long it has been since Medicare was enacted, the most important social program to lift seniors out of poverty in the history of the United States.  I worked with seniors, ran a senior citizen program, studied in the field of gerontology. Before Medicare, we had double the rate of poverty among seniors because they were driven there because of the cost of medical care.  Medicare has been a tremendous benefit to our seniors. It was opposed by the Republicans, it was opposed by the AMA, it was opposed by the nursing homes and all of them. Now, of course, they are the greatest supporters of the program because of the reimbursement and the business it provides.  But now we are about to make the most important changes in the 13,435-day history of Medicare, and we cannot have 1 day. We are not to be allowed 1 day to read a 791-page bill, which, to the best of my knowledge, and the gentleman can correct me on his own time if this is wrong, is not available in printed form. Some people like to read 791 pages on a computer screen. I do not. I think there are a lot of other Members of this Congress and the public who would like to actually have a printed copy in their hand to be able to flip back and forth easily and understand what this bill really does. But we are not going to have printed copies, or perhaps we will at some point when the debate begins. But even with speed reading, that is going to be tough.  So a 791-page, unbelievably complicated bill making extraordinary changes in a program which we have had for 39 years, and we cannot take 24 hours, or even, as the rules would provide, 72 hours to read it. What would be the harm in voting on Monday? Let it sit over the weekend. Let everybody have a chance to read it. I would be willing to stay over the weekend, work through the weekend, get through the other work and vote on this bill on Monday.  The gentleman talks about competition in the marketplace. This is a bizarre bazaar of a marketplace, because this is more like a souk, where there are all these back-room deals, and you do not know what is going on.  Competition? Well, it has subsidies for the private health insurance industry, HMOs, who still continue to enjoy an antitrust exemption, so there will be no requirement that they offer these plans; there will be no requirement that they guarantee seniors coverage beyond a 1-year basis; and there will be no requirement for them to take seniors who are not good risks or keep seniors after they make a claim. As many of my constituents know, as soon as you claim against an insurance company these days, they tell you are going to be terminated when your renewable comes up. That is what is going to happen to seniors in these private plans.  Then we have protectionism. The party of free trade, free trade over here, the Republicans are trading our jobs to China and all these other places, this bill is protectionist. It is not going to allow Americans to reimport FDA-approved, U.S.-manufactured drugs from Canada or any of the other developed industrial nations who bargain on behalf of their citizens and get huge price reductions. So Americans are going to have the door slammed on the one place they can get less expensive drugs. And none of the benefits under the bill, even at the cost of $400 billion, will reach the simple benefit that my constituents can get by importing FDA-approved, U.S.-manufactured drugs from Canada.  So we are going to spend $400 billion, create this unbelievable Rube Goldberg, and the benefit for every one ofmy constituents will be less than they can get today by buying from Canada, and we are going to slam that door with this bill. So they are not going to have that opportunity any more. They are going to be forced to buy drugs at higher prices, even with the so-called coverage under this bill. That is price fixing.  So we have a bill that has protectionism, price fixing, subsidies for the HMOs, the insurance industry is exempt from antitrust laws, and the gentleman says somehow this is the marketplace of competition.  What a bizarre view of a true, free and competitive marketplace. We could more simply allow these Medicare constituents to have a negotiated price for the reduction of their drugs, as we do for VA, but the industry is opposed to that because there would be too much market force, too much market clout on the part of the government in those negotiations, and allow the continued, safe reimportation of drugs from Canada.  And there is a big red herring here. The administration says FDA-approved, U.S.-manufactured drugs reimported from Canada are not safe, they cannot guarantee their safety, except we know that the drug custody chain in the United States of America is much more compromised than in Canada.  Canada first negotiates about a 50 percent reduction in prices, licenses the importers, licenses everybody, and tracks all the people who touch the drugs. In the U.S., the pharmaceutical companies dump huge amounts of drugs into an unregulated secondary market that is licensed by the States, into these phony closed-door pharmacies, and organized crime is involved in getting counterfeit drugs into the system here in the United States.  There is a huge breach of the integrity and safety of the system here in the United States, which there is no concern about because the industry is making money by having that system, but we are going to say, oh, those Canadian drugs, they are not safe. They are safer, in all probability. There have been no instances proven in Canada, unlike the United States, of organized crime getting counterfeit drugs into the system.  Mr. Speaker, we could do something simpler and cheaper if we defeat this bill.  