I happen to represent a part of the State of Oregon which has the highest unemployment rate in the United States of America and a part of the State which is particularly hard hit and am very concerned about an effective economic stimulus package. Representing a district with a high and enduring unemployment rate, I do not find that the elimination of the tax on dividends is very high on the agenda of anybody that I meet with in my district and how we are going to put people back to work and how we are going to get the economy rolling again.  I share the gentleman's concerns. Certainly there are some interesting arguments to be made about how best to properly tax corporate profits and/or dividends which result from them, but if one looks underneath that whole issue, we find that many profitable corporations do not pay taxes and, therefore, the dividends are not being double-taxed in any way or form whatsoever. And also many of the individuals who realize these dividends are not the people who are unemployed or are worrying about their future or how to put food on the table for their kids. In fact, as the gentleman said earlier in the discussion, more than two-thirds of the benefits will accrue to people with incomes over $100,000 a year. The question becomes, is that an effective economic stimulus?  Let us see. A year from now, people will begin to file their taxes, probably most of the folks who clip coupons and dividends would be a little later in the year, so maybe 15 months from now some of those people who earn over $100,000 a year would realize an additional savings in their taxes or maybe a refund which would come in April or May or June and somehow that is going to provide an economic stimulus in the year 2003 when that does not happen until the year 2004? Beyond that, there is a whole issue of is this not a revisiting of trickle-down economics? If we give a little bit more to the people who are already doing relatively well, or in some cases very well, will they not spend that money in a way to put people back to work? I think there are some real questions about that, but it is at least more artfully presented than it was years ago under the Reagan administration. They are avoiding the words ``trickle down.''  But as the gentleman discussed, there are alternatives out there. We could certainly look at, as an alternative, things that are going to have a more immediate impact on the economy of the United States and put more middle- and low-income families back to work or on a more secure economic footing. If we look at, from my perspective on the Transportation Committee, the Nation's incredible underfunding of infrastructure, in my State alone, again the State with the highest unemployment in the union, has discovered that because of construction techniques used for the interstates back in the sixties, we have a $4 billion bridge problem on I-5, the most vital interstate-international link on the western corridor between Mexico, California, Oregon, Washington and Canada. That is something, in a State in as deep a recession as we are, that is beyond our capabilities. We need some additional help from the Federal Government. We know what the problems are. We could get people to work within months, as soon as the contracts could be let on making those repairs. Critical water. There are a whole host of infrastructure needs, rail, bridges, highways, water, that would put people back to work and would provide secondary benefits to suppliers and small businesses in the communities where the workers would be. All these things would certainly have a much more direct economic impact than a tax break to people who are concerned about the taxation on their dividends that would accrue to them some 16 or 18 months from now. Hopefully by then this issue will be behind us.  The President's plan, of course, is so extraordinarily expensive. I mean, more than half of the President's entire plan is devoted to the concern about people who pay taxes on dividends as opposed to his rather small benefits for people on unemployment. We need a much more robust extension there. We need more worker retraining. There are other issues that could be debated. Whether or not we should have some sort of tax holiday on part of the FICA tax. More than half the families in America pay more in Social Security and Medicare taxes than they do in income taxes to the Federal Government. So if we could provide some relief there but not short the Social Security fund by putting that money back in; the States, as the Democrats have proposed, to provide to the States.  We have heard for years from that side of the aisle, Federal mandates, no unfunded Federal mandates. A whole host of new ones have come down, including the Leave No Child Behind Act and the testing that is required, yet there is no additional money flowing from the Federal Government; yet the States and particularly my State is strapped and the President's tax proposal would actually take money from the States, $4 billion for the exemption of dividends, so States again would not be able to get taxes from those most well off and would be forced to either cut benefits for everybody else on programs, or essential schools, on health care, or they would have to raise taxes again on the remaining smaller tax base.  I applaud the gentleman for taking the time to come and try and outline some of these differences here on the floor. It is critical that people know they have a very clear choice. I think over the last couple of years, that was not so clear to many people, but now it is our duty to show them that there are clear choices to be made on some of these very, very critical issues, and this is the first one out of the chute after the elections of last year. I am determined that we will draw the lines and we will show here is what we would do, it is more responsible, it would provide more direct stimulus, it would benefit more people and more people in need in particular as opposed to what is being proposed by the other side of the aisle which is fiscally irresponsible, not paid for, will not kick in for 16 to 18 months or even longer and is really just trying to do what they were already doing before we were in a recession or proposing before we were in a recession but justify it by saying it will help us with a recession.  I thank the gentleman for clarifying those issues.  