Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, the key points here are, and a number have been made by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Regula) for whom I have great respect, that the Park Service needs this money. They do, and that is why I have offered this amendment. It is to make certain that we cannot fail in our duty to the Park Service. This would extend 2 years further, which means a grand total of 38 months for the Park Service before we would have to pass an authorization; and surely the United States Congress in 38 months can come up with a permanent authorization for the Park Service.  But what I fear is, and we have heard this before on the floor, I heard 5 years ago from a former chairman of the authorizing committee that he would never, ever support further extension without proper authorization. The gentleman is now retired, but we did reauthorize this program with a rider in an appropriations bill without going through the authorizing process.  I am pleased the current chairmen of the full committee and the subcommittee are working on legislation, but I fear this takes the pressure off, that if we pass now an extension for another 2 years from October 1 of 2004 for the United States Forest Service, we will not get to cleaning up that program and making the changes that need to be made.  I am surprised anyone would want to support a tax where 50 percent of the tax is spent on overhead, and that is what is happening with the Forest Service. And the other 50 percent we do not really know where that money is going. There is no tracking. There is nothing to show that is going to meet inventoried unmet needs or enhancement needs for the recreational experience of the people who are paying this tax. And it is, in fact, a tax.  Take the town of Oak Ridge in my district, totally surrounded by the national forests. If they go out to recreate with their families, just to drive up the nearest roads to park and walk over and fish, it is a paved maintained road, they are going to have to pay $35 to do that. Now that is not right. It is a low-income community, and it is just not right. They are surrounded by national forests. They don't have any options. They have to pay this tax.  Then, to add insult to injury, half of the tax they are paying is going to bureaucratic overhead; and they do not know where the other half is going because the Forest Service is not tracking it. We have no system.  I am certain the authorizing committee can rectify those matters, hopefully even eliminating a requirement of a tax on people who want to go to undeveloped recreation. I have no problem with charging this. It would obviously allow the continued charges at parks, but I do not have a problem for continuing to charge for developed campsites, boat ramps, special use areas, and other things on Forest Service and BLM lands.  I would urge my colleagues to support this because I fear if we once again, through this process, extend this for 38 months into the future for the Forest Service, we will never get to correcting this program.  Mr. McINNIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to provide broader explanation of my vote in favor of an amendment offered by my colleague, Peter DeFazio, which would remove a provision from the Interior appropriation spending bill extending the Recreation Fee Demonstration Program for the Forest Service, BLM, and Fish and Wildlife Service.  Historically, Mr. Chairman, I have been a proponent of the Rec Fee Demo Program under certain narrowly tailored circumstances. Regrettably, recreation-related appropriations have never reached the level of need. The agencies covered by the Fee Demo Program have experienced massive and growing deferred maintenance backlog expenses, large portions of which are recreation related. At the same time, more and more Americans are flocking to our national forests and parks to experience the wonders of nature. Under the weight of these self-escalating pressures, both the resource and the user-public suffer. This is unacceptable. I have supported the Recreation Fee Demo Program as a mechanism to augment recreation-related appropriations.  But when the Fee Demonstration Program was established as part of an appropriation bill in the middle 1990s, it was done so on a pilot basis. It was a public policy experiment--a test of the user pays concept, and the ability of the affected agencies to implement this authority fairly, wisely and with accountability, both to Congress and the user public.  Today, some 9 years after Congress initiated this laudible test, and several Fee Demo extensions later, I believe it is time for Congress to make a longer term judgment as to whether or not the program should be extended into the future. Piecemeal extensions for all agencies that yield no oversight and exact no accountability are not longer in order. I believe it is time for Congress to sit down and in a thoughtful and deliberative way review this experiment and determine what has worked and what hasn't.  We need to enter into a dialog with the user public, the affected agencies, the General Accounting Office and others with a stake in this program and make an informed decision--an accounting of lessons learned. Where weaknesses in the program exist, Congress should address them. Where strengths are found, those should be augmented. Where accountability has been lacking, greater accountability should be required. In any case, there is a legitimate policy debate that must be entered into before we again decide to extend this user pays experiment.  So while I commend Chairman Taylor and all of the Appropriations Committee members and staff who have worked so hard on this program over the years, I am voting for the DeFazio amendment today with the knowledge that I intend to work with the chairman of the Resources Committee, Mr. Pombo, as well as other interested member of the Resources and Appropriations Committee, in a deliberative and systematic discussion about the future of ``user pays'' on our national parks, national forests, and public lands.  