Chairman, this is an amendment that is long overdue. Those who are here would recall that in the aftermath of 9-11 when this House was rushing to approve a $15 billion package to help the airlines that we were told that there was not room or time, because it was so urgent to be done before the end of the week, to include the employees; but the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Gephardt), the then-minority leader, and Speaker Hastert engaged in a colloquy where assurances were made that in the very near future in, and this was in September of 2001, that we would consider a bill for employee relief including financial assistance, ability to retain health insurance, training for those in the airline industry.  Since that time 150,000 airline industry employees have been laid off or furloughed, and we are told now by the industry that even if this package is approved, there is a high likelihood that we will see another 70,000 layoffs. Boeing is looking at 30,000 layoffs; and then there are a whole lot of associated industries, travel agents and others, who have been devastated. So this legislation would begin to redress that oversight by this Congress.  The interesting thing about this amendment is it is not in order under the bill, I am going to hear shortly, but this amendment, we would not have to borrow the money to pay for it. We have to borrow the money to send to Pakistan. We have to borrow the money to send to Turkey. We have to borrow for every other function of this bill. We have to borrow the money to build 6,000 schools in Iraq. We have to borrow the money to begin to provide universal health care in Iraq. But to provide extended unemployment benefits to 150,000, headed to more than 200,000, airline employees, we would not have to borrow a penny because the money is already on deposit in the unemployment trust fund.  It is true that the administration does not want to spend the $20-some-odd billion balance in that fund and does not want to extend this benefit to airline employees who have exhausted their unemployment; but the fact is we would not have to borrow the money to do it and it helps Americans. We are borrowing money to help people all around the world. Can we not do something for the airline employees?  The Senate has acted on this issue, and hopefully we will come to a conference agreement that will provide for this long-overdue benefit; but if the House would send a message tonight, if the committee would accept this and waive a point of order against it, again, not having to appropriate funds, only to authorize expenditure of funds from the trust fund, we would begin to help these people who have been sorely hurt by 9-11 and now by this war in Iraq.  