Chairman, I had hoped that this amendment would be accepted as noncontroversial. It would, at the end of a bill, insert a new section which basically simply recognizes the Constitution of the United States and the provisions of Article I, section 8. This has been reviewed by and edited by the Parliamentarian's Office and I understand that in its current form, it is in order. I had a previous version which was not in order.  It is very simple, and I will read it. Often we debate things that are too long to read, but this says, ``None of the funds in this Act may be used to initiate or launch military actions except as authorized by Article I, section 8 of the Constitution.''  Now, what does that mean? That means that we already have an outstanding authorization for these activities, which I opposed, which was not a declaration of war, but Congress did pass an authorization under the War Powers Act for current activities in the Middle East and any activities that might be pertinent to that. We have another outstanding authorization for anyone who has engaged in, aided, or abetted, or harbored those involved in 9/11. I think that pretty well covers any potential terrorist threat or harboring of terrorists or fugitives responsible for those sorts of actions around the world between those two resolutions.  So this simply says before the administration might use any of the $75 billion in this bill, which we are borrowing and delegating to them for a number of purposes, to engage in a military action outside of those two authorizations dealing with another part of the world or another country, that it would have to be compliant with the Constitution of the United States of America. I believe this is extraordinarily noncontroversial, and I would give the chairman an opportunity to accept it and save 2 minutes;I probably have 2 minutes left. But he is not jumping to his feet, so I will keep talking for another 2 minutes.  Mr. Chairman, I find it hard to believe that this House, the people's House, would not feel that in borrowing and transmitting huge amounts of funds to the administration, would not want to protect its constitutional prerogatives and make certain that those funds were not used beyond the purposes of the already existing authorizations. So I would be puzzled if this House would reject this amendment, and I would wonder what they know that I do not know, or what plans to use this money in ways that are not already authorized by law might be out there; and that would cause me grave concern, particularly when I sometimes listen to the Secretary of Defense, who was then contradicted by the Secretary of State.  