Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me this time.  We have heard a lot about the new benefits and protections that will be afforded by this bill. Unfortunately, most of the benefits and protections will not go to seniors in need, they will go to the pharmaceutical and the insurance industry. This bill will do a good job of protecting the monopoly profits and price gouging by the pharmaceutical industry.  Perhaps the gentleman from Kentucky has not read or at least he doesn't understand the bill. Section 1801 prohibits the Federal Government, Medicare, from negotiating lower prices from the pharmaceutical industry, a provision inserted at the behest of the pharmaceutical industry to protect their profits. The VA negotiates very successfully, and that would lower the cost of drugs much more than the puny benefits in this bill at a cost of $400 billion. But, no, that is prohibited in this legislation.  The bill does not allow the reimportation of U.S. manufactured drugs from Canada because that would provide a greater benefit than the puny benefits in this bill. Here are three drugs: Tamoxifen. If we could just reimport, if Americans could just buy the drug by mail from Canada, they would save 90 percent. But a couple with a $4,500 a year drug bill will get a 22 percent benefit under this legislation. For Vioxx, for arthritis, 52 percent if you could just buy it in Canada and bring it back into this country. Under this bill, a 22 percent reduction for seniors who pay $4,500 a year for drugs. And then Xalatan, for glaucoma, a little closer, 33 percent from Canada, 22 percent under this bill.  So without any cost, without spending $400 billion and without spending a penny, but impinging on the profits of the pharmaceutical industry, we could provide much better benefits by negotiating or allowing reimportation.  But it does not stop there. It also benefits the insurance industry. It is going to drive seniors from Medicare into private insurance, provide subsidies to private insurance to provide unspecified benefits at a cost to be determined in the future when those benefits might become available in the year 2006, and they can be withdrawn at any time by those industries.  This is not the security our seniors deserve and it is outrageous that this should be offered without any amendments being allowed to this party.  