Speaker, that was a wonderful exercise in obfuscation.  The critical thing is that the House voted unanimously to send a failed bill, a bill which had inserted privatization into a system that no one voted to privatize when the bill passed the House and the Senate will taken up and a majority voted to not privatize, and they had a press conference and then they brought the bill back. I was supposedly a member of that conference committee. There was no conference committee. We did not meet. We found out from the press that they had reported back the conference.  The conference in July, which was called in a very hurried way, yes, we actually had one meeting. We were to meet again after we had a series of votes. We are still waiting for that meeting. The point is, suddenly after both the House and the Senate had voted in the interest of public health and safety and control of the national air space and national security to prohibit the privatization of air traffic control of the United States of America, both bodies had voted overwhelmingly to not privatize. Suddenly a Senator shows up with an amendment to privatize 71 air traffic control towers.  When asked about it, he said, this was a de minimis sort of amendment. The chairman objected, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young), because it included Alaska. So suddenly this great principle of privatizing 71 was dropped down to 69 like that.  Here is what the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young) said recently about this: ``My hotel room is on the top floor of the Sheridan and the airplanes take right off towards my hotel room. Every morning I look out and there is one coming right at me. It is an interesting experience and I want to make sure everything is done right in that field.''  So somehow in Alaska, nowhere near as busy as many of the other airports in question here, it is not safe to privatize, but somehow it is safe to privatize other major facilities. In fact, what the majority has done is they took out these 69 airports and they have opened the door wide because they have stripped the original exclusion of the House and the Senate on privatization from air traffic control from the bill entirely.  So now the President has determined that the air traffic control of this country, the control of our air space, the safety of the traveling public, is not an inherently governmental function. That is what the President has done, reversing an executive order of the previous President. That has opened the door to privatize the entire system or, worse yet, to fragment it up and cherry-pick out some profitable areas to be subcontracted or contracted to Halliburton or others.  That is what this is all about. We have the most productive and safest air traffic control system in the world, bar none. What problem are we fixing? We are fixing the problem that nobody is making money on it. It is run by the government. That is the problem. We should put this on the model of the private security we had at airports before 9/11.  Have we so soon forgotten the firms, Argenbright and others, who hired and maintained on staff known felons to provide screening at airports, paid minimum wage, had a turnover of 140 percent, that would be the model for our air traffic control system? They want to cheapen it, dummy it down. As one of my colleagues said, rent-a-controller.  Maybe we can get temporaries. Maybe we could transmit all the data to India and have the people there do our aircraft spacing. Come on. This is the safest, best run, most efficient system in the world, bar none. What problem are you fixing here? You are notfixing a problem, unfortunately. You are attempting to open the door for someone to make money and to allow the airplanes, perhaps, to dictate how the system runs.  Maybe we can get those planes closer together. We do not really have to worry about wake turbulence. Maybe we could taxi them a little quicker. We do not really have to worry about collisions on runways. Maybe there are other places we could squeeze the system.  Every one of those things would jeopardize the safety of the American public which I put paramount and this bill does not, and this process is absolutely corrupt.  