Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  As I speak here on the floor, there are fires burning across the West, a major fire in my own district, and others elsewhere. The President asked for an additional $280 million to fight these fires because the Forest Service has already spent 84 percent of the inadequate budget for this year, 16 percent left; and the years fires have hardly begun. Last year we spent $1.6 billion.  Now, the majority here wants to pretend that we can do this all on the cheap. We do not need money to fight fires. We do not need money to prevent fires. They have jammed through a so-called Healthy Forest Bill after stripping out the money we proposed last fall in a bipartisan way to fund fuel reduction efforts. You cannot do that for nothing, but they want to pretend you can; and now they want to pretend that you can fight fires for nothing.  There is not an additional penny in this bill for the fire emergency in the western U.S. So you know what the Forest Service is going to do? They are going to borrow money. You know where they are going to borrow the money? They are going to borrow money from the already underfunded fuel reduction programs. Guess what? We have created a little endless cycle here. We are going to pretend we are doing something about fuel reduction in healthy forests, but we are not really going to do it. But it is a great political issue.  In fact, the little bit that we are already doing, we are going to rob it to fight this year's fires. The Forest Service is already preparing those cuts. That means this year's fuel reduction program will not go forward because the majority here will not even meet the President's meager request to help fight the fires that are burning today in the western United States.  Come on, you can find the money for everything else around here, tax cuts, for all sorts of other things; but somehow we get fires burning, we cannot find the money to fight the fires. And what is worse, we are going to create worse fires in the future because you are going to borrow that money and stop those programs in their tracks. It is a sad day for the United States Congress.  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, how much time remains on each side?  