Chairman, I cannot believe Members of Congress saying the American people are not generous, they are not willing to give. We borrowed $79 billion in the spring to pursue the war in Iraq. We are going to be asked to borrow $87 billion more in the name of the American people tonight.  But what we are saying here is for the money to build the infrastructure, not rebuild, this is not war damage, this is to give the Iraqis a spiffy new state-of-the-art telecommunications system, water and sewer, roads and bridges, all sorts of things the American people would like to have, good projects, public works, but to give it to them free of charge, because Saddam Hussein stole their money and neglected to do it.  Now, this is a country that has seven thousand billion dollars in oil reserves, and we cannot ask them to foot a little bit of the bill?  How about when we talk about welfare people in this country, ``have them bootstrap themselves.'' Well, how about having the Iraqis pick up half of the bill to build their country? Otherwise, we are going to obligate Americans, working Americans, for the next 30 years, to carry the entire tab for building this country, not rebuilding it, and committing the American people to pay for projects there that we need here at home that are being neglected because we do not have enough money.  We cannot borrow the money here in the United States of America to build the roads, bridges, highways, water and sewer systems, to pay extended unemployment benefits out of the trust fund, but we can borrow the money in Iraq to pay for no-show jobs, to build water systems, sewers, state-of-the-art telecommunications and all that, and we cannot ask them to obligate themselves out of a seven thousand billion dollar oil reserve to pay a tiny fraction of that?  One gentleman said it is one-fifth of one percent of our GDP and we should not care. It figures out to one-fifth of one percent of their seven thousand billion dollar oil reserves.  Fair is fair. They should at least pick up half of the bill.  