Chairman, I was sitting in my office watching this debate. I participated earlier, and I wasgoing to participate later, and I was not going to participate on this amendment until I was insulted and the memories of young people from my district were insulted by the gentleman from Minnesota. To try and purport that the National Forest Management Act had anything to do with the death of those kids is outrageous.  Mr. Chairman, where is the money for the firefighting? The other side has not adequately funded it. Where is the money for the fuels reduction? It is not in the budget. The other side has passed a so-called healthy forest bill that does not have one penny, not one red cent in it for fuels reduction.  The other side wants to pretend this stuff can be done on the cheap so they can give money in tax cuts to the wealthy people. Those kids died protecting their property.  Mr. Chairman, it does not have to do with the National Forest Management Act, and Members know. Put up the money to fight the fires. Put up the money to do the fuels reduction and stop screwing around with the public process. That is what is being done here. The target here is not to get rid of the brush. We have a 6 billion board foot backlog of commercial thinning in the Pacific Northwest that the Forest Service does not have the money to fund; 6 billion board feet. That could put one heck of a lot of people to work for one heck of a long time.  But the other side will not fund it because what is the real target here, the target here is the little bit of the remaining old growth. That is why they want to change the rules. Not to get the brush or fuels reduction or deal with the 6 billion board foot backlog of thinning but to go into these forests and cut the last remaining valuable old growth trees, the only trees that happen to be fire resistant, the only trees that should be left behind when foresters go through and remove the rest of the junk from 100 years of forest mismanagement.  And, yes, Democrat and Republican administrations alike are responsible for forest mismanagement. But to perpetuate it now and to perpetuate it under a myth that somehow it will not cost a penny to undo 100 years of mismanagement, that somehow you are going to go in and do the thinning, that somehow you are going to go in and do the brush removal and the fuels reduction and it will not cost a cent, the only way to do that is to take out the most valuable trees at the same time, which means you do not leave what every credible fire ecologist and scientist says needs to be left in fire-prone forests and which would take us back to presettlement conditions and premismanagement conditions, the old growth. Do not do this by disrespecting the young people from my district and other people in the West who died fighting these fires.  