Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  There is some confusion about what actually we are voting on here and what the impact will be, and I would just like to make that clear to Members.  This President early in his term issued an executive order finding that air traffic control is not inherently a governmental function, which opens up the potential for basically a contracting out of the air traffic control system of the United States. The original House bill, debated fully in committee, prohibited privatization of air traffic control. It made a minor exception, particularly for maintenance of the system. The Senate bill debated and voted on an amendment which absolutely prohibited any contracting out by the FAA, even for maintenance purposes. So we went to conference with a prohibition in both the House and the Senate bill on the contracting out of air traffic control, the control of our air space and the safety of the flying public.  At the one brief conference meeting last July, suddenly we were confronted with a proposal to privatize 71 air traffic control towers in the United States. For unclear reasons why 71, and then, of course, for policy reasons, two were stripped, which has been spoken to earlier because Alaska is indeed unique, but there were still 69 to be contracted out.  The leadership found they could not pass that bill. So this week we voted to go back to conference. There was no conference. There was a press conference by the majority, and then we are back now in the House, and as the Chair said earlier, there was no conference, and that would normally violate the rules of the House. It never met, but that rule is waived, so we are here now.  We have heard from that side that there is no mandate for privatization in this bill. That is correct, but what we have here is very clear intent. The President has said air traffic control, the control of our air space for safety purposes and national security, is not inherently a governmental function. I think that is an astounding finding, but that is what this President has found. And that means that with no language in the bill, the President can contract out any or all of the air traffic control system in the United States, and I believe that would be disastrous for the traveling public and disastrous for national security.  We are going to trust to some private, for-profit contractor, working perhaps under direction of the airlines, with spacing of airplanes and other critical things that go to safety issues in this country? I do not believe that is an experiment we need to conduct.  We have the most efficient air traffic control system, the safest air traffic control system in the world. There is nothing to be improved upon here except that no one makes money on it.  So that is what the vote is about. There is going to be privatization if my colleagues vote for this conference report. The White House has made it clear. They said they would veto the bill if they did not get the right to do at least 69 towers. So it is clear where they are going to go. They have said it is not an inherently governmental function. Protecting the flying public, their safety, protecting and securing the air space of the United States, according to this administration, is not an inherently governmental function. That is an absurd position for the Government of the United States, particularly after 9/11.  They also stripped out language in the bill that said that flight attendants shall get additional training to deal with terrorists. At the urging of Continental Airlines, it was changed to ``may,'' and I hope everyone who flies on Continental will remember that they do not seem to take seriously what happened on 9/11. Other airlines did not like that, but it was stuck into the bill.  Then the final issue of cabotage. Sounds exotic. It is very simple. Air China will now be able to deliver packages into the heartland of the United States, having landed in Alaska, something prohibited in existing law. We will lose jobs and security because of that. Vote no.  