Speaker, I thank my colleague from Oregon for leading us in this Special Order tonight to discuss the real problems confronting our Nation, which will get, we all fear, short shrift tomorrow night.  The State of the Union is not sound. Millions of Americans and their families are not secure in their homes, not because of some huge new crime wave, not because of the threat of Saddam Hussein or any external threat to our Nation, but because of the deep recession into which our country is falling.  My State has the highest unemployment rate in the Union. We have been dueling with Washington State to be number one or number two for more than a year. There is chronic unemployment, but it is not isolated to our States, it is all across the Nation. We have the highest unemployment rate in more than a decade. We have the most chronic unemployment we have seen in a quarter of a century in terms of the length of time people are out of work before they can find gainful employment.  Tens of thousands of Americans have already extended their so-called extended Federal benefits, and the President has refused to give an additional extension, although there is a huge surplus of taxes that have been paid by businesses and workers sitting in the Unemployment Trust Fund. The President wants to hold onto it to spend for other things, like tax breaks for the wealthy.  Most folks may not have noticed, but the United States Government's Pension Benefit Guaranty Fund is broke. It spent its entire reserves in the last year, and there is a whole huge new wave of corporate bankruptcy coming, with people's pensions at risk, and there is no more money in that fund. But what does the President have to say about this? Well, precious little. He is going to spend the entire Social Security surplus this year on tax breaks and other functions that do not relate to Social Security.  Our States are going bankrupt. They are cutting services; slashing services. Now, the President, I think, will give some nod tomorrow night with his purported economic stimulus plan, but if we look at the plan, the centerpiece is taking away that horrible burden of taxes on dividends on a select group of stocks that pay dividends with the idea of doing away with double taxation. Well, many of the corporations that pay dividends do not pay any Federal income taxes. They have found the loopholes; they are incorporated in Bermuda. All those things the President supports and will not do anything about. So there is no double taxation issue.  Who does the money go to? For the average Oregonian, at $32,000 a year, they will get $40. Thank you, Mr. President. Now, the average millionaire will get $45,000. Now, there are no credible economists who say that this has anything to do with an economic stimulus,but this is the most expensive part of and the centerpiece of the President's so-called economic stimulus plan to try to put people back to work. Even Alan Greenspan, who is perpetually apologizing for these types of policies, says he really does not think it will do anything to put people back to work or stimulate the economy, and it would be just as good to not do it at all.  When the President was a candidate and we had a booming economy and a surplus, his answer as a candidate was tax cuts. Then when we had a slowing economy and a surplus, his answer was tax cuts. Now we have a devastated economy falling deeper and deeper into recession, and his answer is tax cuts, for a select few.  There are better alternatives. Some of those will be discussed here on the floor tonight. I have discussed those at other times, and I do not have time to go into it now, but there are better alternatives to really invest in this country and its people and put people back to work.  Finally, to the war. Osama bin Laden, who was going to be brought back dead or alive, is alive and is plotting further attacks on the United States. Afghanistan, which was going to be made into a country that would recover and not be made a safe haven for terrorists, has now begun to set up terrorist training camps again. The Axis of Evil, Korea, is building more nuclear weapons, they already have them, and more long-range missiles that can hit the United States. Iran is close to having nuclear weapons. And yet the President and his staff are focused on Saddam Hussein and the horrible threat he poses.  Actually, Rumsfeld, Cheney, Wolfowitz, and all those people came into office with President Bush II wanting to refight the first war. This has nothing to do with 9-11 or any purported ties to terrorists. This is old business, an old agenda by old men, none of whom has ever fought in a war or ever worn a uniform and fought in anger.  So I would hope that the President's State of the Union will not fulfill all of these dire predictions that I have mentioned, but I fear it will. Tax cuts for the wealthy and a war are a nostrum for what fails our Nation and the problems that are confronting us.  