Speaker, I don't have to lecture my colleagues on the difficult economic problems facing the country, state and local governments, and far too many of our constituents who have lost jobs or are losing benefits and support services due to budget pressures. We're all much too familiar with those facts.  But, I was elected to be a voice for those who need help. And, Mr. Speaker, there are 18,000 Oregonians who need help and this bill isn't going to provide it. I'm grateful that this bill will provide extended benefits for some 20,000 unemployed Oregonians who were at some stage of the Temporary Emergency Unemployment Compensation (TEUC) program that expired on December 28, 2002, and the 35,000 Oregonians that are expected to lose work between now and the end of May when this extension expires. However, the bill turns a cold shoulder on the 18,000 long-term unemployed Oregonians who have already exhausted 26 weeks of TEUC.  The unemployment rate in Oregon has hovered between 7 and 8 percent for more than a year. Several counties have double digit unemployment rates, and new layoff are announced weekly. The workers of the Pacific Northwest need help. And we should give it to them.  The Congressional Budget Office projects the national unemployment rate will remain at about six percent until the second half of 2003. The Oregon rate is expected to be higher than the national average.  Unemployment insurance provides targeted and effective economic stimulus. These critical benefits increase consumer spending in the hardest hit areas and sustain and strengthen economic recovery. Fortunately, the federal unemployment insurance trust funds contain large reserves that can be used to strengthen TEUC without additional unemployment insurance taxes.  I sat here today and listened to the debate on this legislation and heard member after member on the other side of the aisle say how important this legislation is and how much workers need this assistance, but we just can't afford to provide additional benefits for the long-term unemployed. That's not true, and it's unconscionable that we're not providing additional benefits for those who, through no fault of their own, have found themselves on the wrong side of this ``economic recovery,'' and haven't been able to find work.  Somehow, we could afford to give members of Congress a generous 3.4 percent cost-of-living adjustment, but could only give senior citizens a paltry 1.4 percent increase. Somehow, there was money to throw all sorts of favors to corporate special interests at the end of the session, and there's money for more tax breaks for those earning more than $373,000 a year. Somehow, there was money to give President Bush's political appointee's bonuses at the end of the year, but we can't use the huge surpluses in the unemployment trust funds to give a hand to the 800,000 long-term unemployed who are trying to hang on to their homes, pay the heating bill, keep food on the table, and keep their families together. There's something very wrong with the priorities here.  