Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, this rule, which this amendment would address, in my opinion is perhaps the most radical usurpation of the public interest in the history of regulation. But then again, the head of the FCC does not believe in regulation nor does he believe in public interest.  To quote him, he has called regulation ``the oppressor.'' And when asked about public interest, he said he has no idea. ``It is an empty vessel in which people pour whatever their preconceived views or biases are.''  And he went on to say, ``The night after I was sworn in as a commissioner,'' this is Michael Powell, the Chair of the Federal Communications Commission, ``I waited for a visit from the angel of public interest, I waited all night, but she did not come.'' So his conclusion is, if you believe in markets, part of the right price is determined by the give-and-take of consumers and producers, and ``Thou shalt not regulate,'' and that, in fact, is what he has done here.  Now, there is substantial agreement on this side of the aisle that what he has done is an extraordinary blow to our system in the United States of America, our system of governance of our democratic republic. But there is some disagreement over the tactics on how we fight back. Considering the fact that the Republicans control both Houses of Congress and the White House, I believe that we need to send the strongest possible message, and this amendment would, thus far, absent adoption of the Dingell legislation, which I believe the Speaker of the House, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), and others will never allow to come to the floor of the House, but absent that, this is the strongest statement that we could send so far. We would be standing with more than 400,000 Americans who commented against this rule.  Now, the chairman of the committee got up to say, well, the benefits of this flow to the public, but he did not go on to say, they just do not realize it. Because almost every person who testified on the most-commented-upon rule-making in the history of the United States of America said ``no.'' ``No.''  There was one hearing held in the distant realm of Virginia. That is how much public scrutiny this rule received. Why did it receive so little public scrutiny? Because they knew that more than 400,000 people would oppose it had they only known about it ahead of time.  Now we are hearing about a lot of red herrings. This place kind of smells a little bit. The waivers will go away. No, the waivers are preexisting in this rule. The waivers will not go away. They want to help the little guys that are doing good things with the waivers. That is the only reason they are supporting Michael Powell and total rollback of public interest and the total collapse of any idea of diverse media in this country and the total concentration of this system.  No, they are really for the little guys and the waivers and the exceptions and the grandfathers, and that is why we are really here.  Well, no, that is not why we are really here. We are really here because the big money and the big interests want to own it all. It will be great, the day we can go anywhere in America, turn on the tube, watch a local station and we will see exactly the same thing we would have seen at home. It will purport to provide local news.  Some people are getting puzzled when they see what is considered to be local news under the current system, which is already concentrated enough, which has nothing to do with where they live. Imagine what it will be like when it is totally one or two or three big companies dictating all the content across all the country, and not only the content of television but the content of newspapers and radio. It will be great. We will not have to be confused anymore by conflicting opinions.  God forbid we should even begin to discuss the concepts of fairness, which stood as the rule of this land for nearly three-quarters of a century under which we had a vibrant democracy. Fairness. Now it is whoever can own it can say whatever they want and the hell with fairness.  We do not have to have fairness. We do not have to have diversity of opinion. We afford it, we bought it, we can say what we want, we can exclude who we want, we can discriminate against the groups that we do not like that say things we do not like about our President or about anything else we disagree with.  That is the vision of Michael Powell and the majority in this House. That is the system they want.  That is wrong. It is wrong whether in the majority or the minority. It is wrong for the future of our Nation.  So, please, support this amendment. Send the strongest message possible. And if this passes by a big margin, if the worst thing that could happen in the conference committee with the Senate is that we bargain back a little bit toward the good work done by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), then, okay, that is the best we can do. I would love to see the President put in a position to have to veto something so much in the public interest that people care so much about.  