Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  This amendment will not, as has previously been criticized, deduct from the funds that will be used to build Iraq or, I should say, the money we will borrow to build Iraq. It is a simple amendment. It says, none of the funds made available in this act, U.S. taxpayer dollars, may be used for the participation of Iraq in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.  Now, why would we want to restrict that?  Well, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is a cartel. It is an energy cartel. They flout international law, the World Trade Organization, and other agreements by artificially constraining production in violation of the World Trade Organization's precepts to drive up the price, to profit themselves; and, of course, U.S. consumers are the losers.  Now, OPEC controls about 40 percent of the world's oil production, three-quarters of the reserves, and they set these production quotas for its 11 members.  We have heard a lot about how Iraq is going to become a free market economy. It is going to have a tremendous impact on world oil prices when its production hits the free market. If they join OPEC, they will be assigned a quota; and their quota will be controlled in the interests of OPEC, not international oil supply, not the consumers of the United States of America, but solely to benefit members of a price-fixing oil cartel.  This same cartel agreed to cut oil production, they just voted a couple of weeks ago, on November 1, by 900,000 barrels a day, which is already raising the price of gasoline at the pump here in the United States, jacking up the price of home heating oil as we go into a home heating season here in the United States. And the Iraqi representative who was sent to the last meeting at the behest of Mr. Bremer and the United States, in all probability with U.S. funds, Ibrahim Bahr al-Uloum said Iraq should play an active role in achieving the objectives of this organization, which translated, means Iraq fully intends to participate in the price-fixing, the manipulation, and the cartel.  I do not believe that U.S. taxpayer dollars should participate in this activity, which is contrary to the United States, the precepts we advocate in world trade, and our own consumers and taxpayers.  Now, why do we need the amendment? Well, Mr. Bremer has supported the membership of Iraq in OPEC, the price-fixing cartel. There are ample discretionary funds in the bill in addition to the $2.1 billion that will go to rebuild the Iraq oil infrastructure and flows through the Iraqi oil ministry which could be used to facilitate the participation in this price-fixing cartel. I just do not think that the United States taxpayers should be asked to foot this bill.  Hopefully, in fact, the U.S. will try and convince the Iraqi council and others that it would not be in their best interests to participate in a price-fixing cartel, particularly if they are going to depend upon us for so many billions of dollars to fix their oil infrastructure.  I know the gentleman from Arizona believes very much in the rule of law and is a big advocate of the World Trade Organization, their dispute mechanism, resolution mechanism; and I am certain he is very well aware that the quotas of OPEC violate the precepts of the WTO. They are not based in a shortage; they create shortages. The only way we can constrain supply under the WTO in this manner is if we have a certified shortage or conservation of resources. This is neither. This is price-fixing to gouge American consumers and others in oil-importing countries, and the United States taxpayers should have none of this.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  