Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this motion to instruct would be to insist upon the House levels of funding for the reauthorization of the Federal Aviation Administration. There are a number of critical issues looming before us in the future of aviation. Some folks think today because the levels of travel are depressed that the concerns we had about modernization and airspace and a lot of other issues have gone away. They have not. We fully expect that with the new security measures we have put in place and they are continuing to put in place that people will be returning if the economy ever recovers, but that is another issue for another debate over tax cuts versus investment. But if the economy does and when the economy recovers, we will find that the levels of air passenger traffic will increase greatly in the not-too-distant future. We cannot take a break from the investments that we need to make.  Our bill, Flight 100, would provide more than $59 billion over the next 4 years; and we think 4 years is essential, because the Senate only wants to reauthorize for 3 years, perhaps to come back and tinker or whatever reason, but we need the certainty of the 4 years and we need the higher levels of investment. It provides substantial increases in the airport improvement program, again back to the capacity issue and the concerns that were driving us just a couple of years ago here in the House in terms of the lack of capacity.  Our bill would provide $14.8 billion for airport improvement projects over 4 years. That is $1.2 billion more than the FAA's request, and it would be $300 million more than the Senate has requested, projects that would not only enhance capacity but actually put people to work, a meaningful investment in construction projects. It would provide $12.3 billion for FAA facilities and equipment to maintain and modernize our air traffic control system. We have finally straightened out the problems in acquiring the new system and the technology. We need now to go ahead with the acquisition to put this equipment into place so that we can better utilize the airspace and we can better protect the safety of the traveling public. Again, the Senate has $267 million less than the House bill.  We have a number of other areas where we believe that the House bill is superior, but these are the ones we wish to emphasize in our motion to instruct conferees.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  