Speaker, if you are defending the indefensible, that U.S.-manufactured, FDA-approved drugs are available at half the price or less in Canada, well, then change the subject. Say it is about safety. PhRMA has spent tens of millions of dollars advertising how it is about safety.  Which capsule has been tampered with? Well, actually the answer in Canada is neither. Not a single one has been found in the last decade in Canada of a USA-manufactured, FDA-approved drug that has been tampered with. However, what is really at risk here and the real danger is the danger to their profits.  Look at the difference in price. Which one of these capsules is the one that is 50 percent cheaper? Guess what? They are identical, but this capsule took a short vacation to Canada and the price dropped in half.  That is what we are defending against here on the floor. This is not about safety. You want to talk about safety for my seniors. I am a gerontologist, and I have sat with seniors who cried because they could not afford the prescription drugs they needed, couples who decided which one would get the prescription month in month out. Go talk to your pharmacist. Go talk to your seniors. Ask them how they divide the drugs and the dosages in half, not to save money but because they cannot afford to take a full dosage. That is what is killing seniors. It is killing them today.  Now you want to create this mythical threat of adulteration. So the manufacturers, the drug manufacturers, the most wealthy, profitable industry on Earth cannot afford to invest in tamper-proof packaging?  I guess it is beyond their capabilities. Come on. Let us get real. Let us talk about what it is really about. It is about profit. The profit center for the drug industry is in the United States because other countries have negotiated the price down on behalf of their citizens, and we were getting gouged to pay for it.  The research is not going to go away. That is the last thing that is going to go away. They only make money on the patented drugs. They will maybe cut the CEOs salaries and maybe the $6 billion a year in direct advertising before they cut the research. We will still get the research. We will get the new drugs, and we will have healthier seniors if we pass this legislation.  