Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me this time, and I would like to speak in opposition to the rule because the rule would violate the rules of the House. It would allow, for the fourth time, the authorization of a tax on average Americans who choose to recreate on our Federal lands.  Now, I have no problem with charging for use of developed sites, I have no problem with special use areas, and certainly no problem for the parks. We have already heard how the parks are underfunded. But to charge Americans who live in remote rural communities in my district and elsewhere throughout the West in the United States to drive and park their car for dispersed recreation in an undeveloped area, whether it is hunting or fishing or just taking the grandkids for a walk, as a grandma in Oak Ridge might do, they have to pay a large annual fee, $35, to drive out of this poor community which is completely surrounded by national forestlands. They have to pay that fee.  Yet the authorizing committee in the House, the committee which should authorize such a tax, because there is a tax, and this is the party that does not want new taxes, and this would be a new tax because it is going to extend it without an authorization, without hearings, without any appropriate action for another 2 years in this bill, and that violates the rules of the House. But that is protected under this rule from my raising a point of order against it. This is not the proper way to move forward on this issue.  There is a legislation introduced by Senator Thomas of Wyoming that would make this program permanent for the parks, and I would be happy to support that, and the House would. We have Members of the majority party here who are working on legislation, the gentleman from California (Mr. Pombo) and the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. McInnis), that would change the program a little bit, because they feel parts of it are inappropriate and are restricting the public's right to access their lands without charge in areas where there is no discernible investment or need for such a barrier charge.  And the program itself is problematic. For the $36 million that were raised by the Forest Service, $13 million of it got to the ground. So it is not only an oppressive tax on average Americans, it is an unbelievably inefficient tax when you begin to look at the collection costs and all the other problems that arise from this particular program. I mean, that is about a one-third efficiency rate. I do not think many of us would support any other tax that would only provide about a third of the revenues which it assesses against people to the purpose which it purports to fulfill.  So I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule for this reason and for others articulated by my friend and colleague from Washington State so that we can more fairly debate this bill and more fairly and properly address issues such as this rec fee demo tax on Americans.  