Speaker, the gentleman raised the unemployment numbers. It is interesting that recently a survey has come out of rural areas in my State, particularly areas that were previously timber-dependent areas, about unemployment; and the numbers that we record today in unemployment do not reflect the real suffering or the true degree of unemployment. As high as unemployment is in the United States, and it is at some of the highest numbers it has been in a decade under this administration without an extension of unemployment benefits, which hopefully will be rectified here this week, but the numbers are actually much worse because the definitions have been cleverly changed to say, well, if they are unemployed and their unemployment benefits have run out, they are not considered unemployed anymore in the United States.  So if we follow that illogic through, if everybody in America lost their job today and all their benefits an out a year from today and nobody got their job back, no one would be working and we would have zero unemployment. It is an absolute absurdity. So the true measure of unemployment is actuallymuch, much higher than we are seeing; and the struggle, as the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur) said, to bring some productive capacity back to this country and put people back to work, we were all first promised, well, they are losing their jobs in industry but they will all go into the new economy.  Well, the new economy has gone bust, and most of them did not get jobs there anyway or benefit during those good years; and one cannot, in my opinion, be a great Nation if one does not build things, and the reliance on foreign oil is extraordinary. The fact that our greatest balance of payment, the deficit, is to buy foreign oil, supporting people who hardly have any interest in the United States in mind and our future in mind and the investment in alternative fuels, alternative fuel technology to include fuel cells and all the other things that the gentlewoman talked about, bring those industries home to the United States and begin to export them into the rest of the world in addition to insulating ourselves from these people who are jacking up oil prices around the world would be an extraordinary benefit to the American people. And I hope that this administration, this unfortunately oil administration that we have in the White House, might be able to clear their vision a little bit, instead of saying we can somehow drill our way out of this, which we cannot. Even if there was as much oil as the most optimistic say up in the Alaskan National Wildlife Refuge and along the coast of the United States, we still could not drill our way out of this problem. We would still have a growing dependence on foreign oil. We need to make dramatic steps and investments in that direction, and we should orient more longer-term packages toward the recovery of our economy toward those new technologies, toward those investments in our country, and those are the kinds of things we need.  An ephemeral investment or expenditure of $300 billion to relieve people from paying taxes on dividends on stock, mostly people who earn over $100,000 a year, as an economic stimulus is almost laughable. I mean, it is extraordinary to me. And if it does work and it stimulates the stock market without dealing with the underlying problems and the fundamentals of U.S. industry and their unwillingness to invest if this country, in the productive capacity of this country, it will create another bubble, and guess what, some people will ride the bubble up, get out, and it will pop again, and what happens? The people who are always stuck are the middle class and working people who cannot get in and out of the market because their only investments in the market are through their retirement funds which they cannot liquidate and speculate on the way that some of these other folks can. It may well cause a big run-up in the stocks that pay dividends in particular, but it is not going to generally leaven the economy and put people back to work. I have yet to see a single credible economist make that assertion, that somehow this $300 billion gift other than through the trickle-down theory is going to somehow put people in this country back to work.  