 The Clerk read as follows:       Amendment offered by Mr. DeFazio:       Page 21, line 9, strike the close quotation marks and the      following period.       Page 21, after line 9, insert the following:       ``(e) Restriction on Location.--The museum established      under this section may not be located on any property that is      condemned or taken after December 31, 1999, by eminent domain      by the Federal Government, by a State or local government, or      by any other person acting under a delegation of authority      from a State or local government.''.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Madam Chairman, as was discussed earlier, there were issues that arose. At least in my case I was contacted by an attorney representing a number of homeowners, Mr. Scott Bullock of the Institute for Justice, after the committee mark. I have discussed this with a number of members of the committee.  This is a simple amendment, and there seems to be some consensus on the objective. The problem is that the bill has no statement regarding the issue of eminent domain. It is silent on that issue. In fact, that was confirmed in a letter that I received today from the Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut, which says the bill does not address the issue of eminent domain and we believe it should be left to the local judicial process.  Certainly condemnation of property in New London, Connecticut, should be left to the local judicial process; but the issue of whether or not a Federal facility, the Coast Guard Museum, might be sited on property taken by eminent domain is the business of this Congress and this committee.  I feel strongly about this issue. We have families that have lived for generations on this site. I have letters from five people who are affected homeowners, but this is from the son of one: ``My great-grandmother's family moved to this neighborhood from northern Italy in the 1890s. My mother was born in her house at 87 Wabach Street in 1918, never lived anywhere else. She married my father, a merchant marine in World War II in 1945. They have lived in the house for 56 years. She has seen three of her four children die in this property, including her first. These houses are not simply buildings on a plot of land, but home for her with a lifetime of memories. I live with my wife, son, and niece in a home right next door.'' The letter has other sections that are pertinent.  I will just read one other letter: ``I hope all Members of Congress will recognize that if the Coast Guard Museum is ultimately built on property that has been taken through eminent domain, it will be forever tainted. There is no honor in kicking my mother, an 85-year-old woman, or my father, who fought for this country in World War II, out of the only home she has ever known to make room for a museum that celebrates the past, present, and future of the Coast Guard, a service whose history is steeped in honor and integrity.''  That is the issue before this body. It is quite simple. The bill is silent on this issue. A proceeding has begun locally, and that is up to the local jurisdiction to take this property by eminent domain with the idea that the museum would be sited there. The commandant of the Coast Guard, I have been told, says they do not want to take property by eminent domain. I would hope it would also mean that they do not want the museum to ever be sited on property that was taken by eminent domain with the intent of them moving there, and this would just make that clear.  This amendment would say any property condemned or taken after December 31, 1999, by eminent domain by the Federal Government, State or local government, or any other person acting under a delegation of authority. And that is what has happened in Connecticut; the local government has delegated to a development group the authority to take this property by eminent domain. It is pending in the courts of Connecticut.  If we do not adopt this amendment, the museum could end up on property that was taken from families who have lived there for generations by a local corporation, if it is upheld by the State courts to site the museum. There seems to be broad consensus on the objective. I offered to the gentleman whose project this is, and it is a meritorious project, and I congratulate him on that, to make this a friendly amendment since he agrees he does not want eminent domain used. I said I would be happy if we could do it as a friendly amendment. The gentleman does not want to do that. I hope the gentleman will explain why, and if he wants to contest that the bill somehow restricts eminent domain, I hope he cites from a specific section of the bill because I have read the only section that pertains to this. There is no mention of restriction on siting this museum on property taken by eminent domain, and it seems to me there is no good reason why we should not adopt this amendment. I would hope the committee would move forward and look at it as a friendly amendment and adopt it.  