Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, the House finds itself in a bit of an awkward position here. The Federal aviation reauthorization legislation passed this body some months ago with little controversy, an excellent bill moving us forward with investment in the future of aviation air traffic control air safety. A quite similar bill passed the Senate, and it appeared we were on our way to meeting the October 1 deadline.  Unfortunately, something strange happened on the way to adopting a Federal aviation reauthorization, and that is White House ideology and politics and stupidity.  We were summoned to an emergency meeting of the conference the day before the House was to adjourn for the August recess, because the FAA bill was going to be brought to the floor the next day. There was just one little change, an unwritten amendment to privatize 71 air traffic control towers.  Well, the gentleman from Alaska (Chairman Young) did not like that much, so, whoops, suddenly these deeply-held principles could be changed, and it was suddenly 69 towers could be privatized, because the two in Alaska did not need to be privatized anymore.  Now, when the Senator from Arizona was questioned as to how he came up with the list of 69 that presented to him by the White House, he said, oh, there were really good reasons for it. These were all just little VFR dinky airports and this would be a more efficient way to do it.  I said well, I wonder if he ever landed at Boeing Field in Seattle. I did not think Boeing was aware of the fact that that was just a VFR field, a little dinky field. I thought it was actually kind of crucial to the aviation industry of the United States of America and Boeing, our largest manufacturer, in fact, our only commercial manufacturer. Then others went on to question about others on the list. The bottom line was he was defending the indefensible.  The White House wants to say that it is not the business of the government of the United States of America, it is not the business of government employees, to control air traffic, to provide for safety and control of the national air space. That should be a private sector function. Somebody might be able to make a little bit of money doing it, despite the fact there is no successful model of privatization in the world. They are all more expensive and less efficient.  Well, what the heck, that does not matter to this White House. So what if we gouge the taxpayers for more money, if someone can make a little money, and maybe we can bust another union here. That is all this is about. It is quite simple.  Both the House and the Senate, by near unanimous majorities, voted to not privatize the air traffic control system. But the ideologues at the White House presented to their compliant lap dogs that order, and they trotted into the conference with it. They got it done by voice vote, no one signed the conference report from this side of the aisle. But they have not been able to bring the bill to the floor because, guess what? They cannot get the support in the House or the Senate for what they wanted and what they got, which is privatization of air traffic control, jeopardizing the safety and the future of the air space of the United States of America.  Now they say, well, we will just go back to conference and strike it. Now, they are going to try the bait and switch rouse here which is to say, well, we will strike out that offensive and stupid provision out of the bill, you know, the arbitrary privatization of 69 air traffic control towers against the will of the Senate and the House. We will just strike that out altogether.  But, of course, what they are conveniently omitting there is that both the Senate and House had had affirmative language to prohibit privatization, and absent that, the ideologues at the White House can actually privatize more air traffic control towers, further jeopardizing the safety of the traveling public and the control of the air space of the United States of America. So that is what they are going to try now.  But I do not think that this House, the Members of this House or the Members of the other body, are that dumb that they are going to fall for that. I do not think it gives those who are weak-kneed enough cover to go in that direction.  It is the same issue: Do you believe in privatization of air traffic control or not. Do you want to follow the failed models of other countries that are more expensive and less efficient or not? That is the bottom line when this comes back up on Thursday.  They are going to say, oh, we took that out of the bill. It is underlying the bill without a prohibition, and the ideologues at the White House will sure as heck rush forward with privatization, because someone might be able to make a little bit of money. So what if it kills people and jeopardizes the air space.  