Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me this time.  The President has requested of the United States Congress, on behalf of the American people, $87 billion to continue the conflict and build Iraq. I only have three problems with the President's request. Every penny of the $87 billion will be borrowed, obligating this generation and future generations of working Americans to foot the bill.  It could be paid for; just suspend the tax cuts for those who earn over $300,000. It is a time of war and conflict and sacrifice. Maybe there could be a little bit of sacrifice at the top.  Eighty-seven billion dollars is excessive. It is rife with the potential for sweetheart deals and war profiteering. There was a cement plant with a $15 million estimate; done for $80,000. Feed the Iraqi council, 25 people, $5,000 a day. They canceled the contract. They think we are nuts. Mr. Al-Barak on the council says, where you spend a billion dollars, we could do the job for $100 million. So maybe 10 percent of this money is justified.  And it is not to repair war damage; it is to build Iraq, not rebuild Iraq. The President is putting the needs of the Iraqi people first with borrowed funds.  Now, we are going to borrow money to pay Iraqis for no-show jobs, but we cannot get an extension of unemployment benefits out of the Unemployment Trust Fund. The President says we cannot afford it. We are going to borrow money to build a water system for Basra because, ah, we are appalled, they have an open unlined channel providing water. I have a city in my district in Albany, Oregon, that has an open unlined channel providing water for that city, but they cannot get help from the Federal Government because the President says there is no money. We are providing another $50 million for the Port of Nasra. We cannot get money to dredge ports in the western United States. The President says there is no money.  Americans at home need economic security, and the young men and women who we have sent over there need their basic needs in equipment and health care and food and shelter met, and this bill fails on all those points. It is $87 billion that is not going to meet the needs of the American people and the young men and women we have sent into harm's way.  