Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me this time.  Would every Member who is on the floor and who has read all 691 pages of this bill since it was made available at 1:30 in the morning please raise your hand. I do not see any hands raised, but we are going to vote on it very soon. We are not doing a service to the American public by violating the rules of the House and not allowing this bill to be held over for 3 days, as required by the rules, so Members of Congress, and maybe even members of the public and the fourth estate, could read it, analyze it, and report it so we could better hear the opinion of the American people. But from what I know of it and the bits I have read, it is not much of a benefit, and it is not what seniors need.  Americans pay more for U.S. manufactured, FDA-approved drugs than anybody else in the world. Our neighbors in Canada pay half as much, on average, for drugs manufactured in the United States of America. Now, how could that be? Well, the government of Canada bargains lower prices on behalf of Canadians. Well, maybe that would be a solution to the problem here in the United States: let us lower the extortionate price of drugs. Let us put the 40 million people in Medicare into a buying group, that would not cost anything, and let us negotiate lower prices. No.  This bill, at the behest of the pharmaceutical industry, a generous contributor to the Republican Party and the President, prohibits the Government of the United States of America, unlike any other industrial nation or democracy on Earth, from negotiating lower drug prices for its citizens with these multinational conglomerate pharmaceutical companies. There is no pain for the pharmaceutical industry in this bill. In fact, their stock has gone up dramatically in the last week. The analysts have read it, and they said, what a sweet deal for the pharmaceutical industry. Too bad it will not give seniors what they need.  Well, there are $400 billion of taxpayer money, copayments, premiums, deductibles, the doughnut exclusion. There is a nice $20 billion subsidy to private HMO insurance companies who might or might not offer benefits. But seniors, on average, are going to get a benefit that is less than they could get by mail-ordering their drugs from Canada. Oh.  Well, the bill is going to take care of that problem too. Despite the fact that this House of Representatives is on record by a large margin allowing the free reimportation of U.S.-manufactured, FDA-approved drugs for Americans from other industrialized nations that regulate safely those drugs, this bill is going to begin to block that process. They say, oh, well, that is not in the bill. We give the authority to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to allow the importation if he sees fit. Yes, sure. Except he has already said that he does not see fit and he will never, ever do that; and the FDA commissioner has said oh, no, we are not going to ever do that. We cannot certify that those U.S.-manufactured, FDA-approved drugs that took a little vacation in Canada are safe.  This is simply legislation that is not going to provide the benefits that seniors need at an extraordinary cost to the ultimate detriment of the core Medicare program. Vote ``no.''  