Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership on this issue.  It is a funny thing here, we are being told that the Republicans want to inject competition into the insurance market. Well, if they really want to do that, why do they not support my bill to lift the antitrust exemption from the insurance industry? The only industries in America exempt from antitrust law who can and do get together in private resorts on an annual basis to collude, to fix prices and red line out a whole bunch of potential clients is the insurance industry and, of course, professional sports. These are the only industries in America in a country of capitalism and competition who are exempt from any restriction on collusion.  Now we are going to throw our seniors onto the tender mercies of this collusive, anticompetitive industry. Oh, that is great. My seniors already had this experience. We had Medicare+Choice, HMOs. Oh, this is going to be great. You are going to get more benefits than under fee-for-service. Well, the companies were not able to collude and set the prices quite high enough to satisfy their profits, so they up and left with very little notice. My seniors were left in the cold.  Now what we are going to do is not only recreate that structure which has already failed the seniors of America once, to throw them on the mercies of an anticompetitive and collusive industry that does not give a darn about them, but now we are going to jigger it even a little more so it can destroy the Medicare fee-for-service plan, to which my seniors returned when they were screwed by the insurance industry. That is right; they were screwed. Suddenly you do not have an HMO plan any more, tough luck, we do not care. They could at least go back to Medicare fee-for-service.  But under this plan, it is beautiful. They are not going to have that option anymore because it is going to undermine the fee-for-service plans. It is a little thing called adverse selection. We are going to let the private, anticompetitive, collusive insurance industry cherry-pick the people they wantto cover for as long as they might want to cover them. You can get a policy for a year; but if you get sick, next year we are not going to renew your policy. That is the way this industry works.  Mr. Speaker, Members need to talk to their constituents. It is happening to people who are young, people with small businesses. Someone gets sick, we cannot renew your policy. Or we can renew your policy, only there is a 400 percent increase in premiums. That is what they are going to do to seniors because this thing is even more dastardly because it is going to destroy the core problem because we will leave the oldest, the sickest, and the ones that the collusive insurance industry does not want to cover over here in the Medicare fee-for-service, and make them pay more for it. We are going to make them pay more for it.  So this is a great option for seniors. Either the collusive industry that does not want to cover people who are sick or incurring costs will offer you a deal, or you can go back over here to Medicare which we have undermined and jacked the premiums up dramatically. That is the so-called choice in competition that the Republicans are offering the seniors of America.  Mr. Speaker, this is just an incredible travesty for this House and for the people's Representatives to even pretend that this somehow is going to improve coverage for our seniors.  