Speaker, today we are having a virtually identical debate over the virtually identical bill we had in the 107th Congress. Had I not been required to travel to Oregon for official representational purposes, I would have voted (1) `aye' on the Scott amendment to provide for a GAO study to determine whether the prohibition on human cloning needs to be amended in the future give newer technologies; (2) `no' on the Stearns amendment forcing our moralities on other nations; (3) `aye' on the Greenwood amendment in the nature of a substitute; and (3) `no' on the underlying bill, H.R. 534.  By bringing a bill like this to the floor, the Republican majority has transformed what could have been a rational debate over the merits and limits of emerging technologies into a dogmatic infomercial for the radical-right.  I've consistently opposed human cloning for reproductive purposes. Under current law the federal government is prohibited from funding research that involves human cloning. In addition, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has the authority under federal law to prohibit any attempt to clone humans for reproductive purposes and has acted to stop such efforts. I support the FDA's actions.  I believe H.R. 534 goes too far. This legislation would not just ban reproductive cloning, it would create harsh criminal penalties that would significantly restrict a wide range of scientific research efforts in related fields.  This legislation would specifically halt scientific efforts aimed at developing new treatments for those suffering from cancer, diabetes, Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, spinal cord and burn injuries. These diseases and injuries can be extremely debilitating, costly and dehumanizing for individuals, families and our society. I'm also concerned with provisions in the bill that would ban American's from receiving new treatments developed in other countries that have developed with such research.  If this bill is passed, we're showing the world that our drive for innovation can be derailed by senseless hysteria. Limiting Americans access to new treatments and therapies based on fear and ideology is a backward way to legislate in the twenty-first century.  