Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  As this is the first significant trade agreement in the 21st century, let us look back and see, is our trade policy working? 2001, $358 billion trade deficit; 2002, $436 billion trade deficit; a record first quarter this year, $136 billion headed toward a $550 billion trade deficit; $1.5 billion a day, $1 million a minute. Three million jobs have been lost in the last decade due to trade policies, capital exports; 251,000 manufacturing jobs since January 1; 53,000 in May.  NAFTA, WTO, Fast Track, FTAA. Every time here on the floor of the House we hear the same carrying on about exports of goods and services and consumer benefits. Yes, exports will result. I agree. But they forget to tell us that there will be a much greater increase in imports, and they do not talk about the net, which is this deficit headed to more than $.5 trillion.  Then, if cornered, they will fall back and say, what about the consumer benefits? Well, the benefits are not really great for American workers when their jobs have been exported, no matter how cheap the goods are.  Earlier, we heard an eloquent lesson in geography, new false promises for our farmers. Already there are pending unfair trade complaints for dumping against grapes, raspberries, pears and salmon from Chile. But do not worry, we will retrain these people who lose their jobs for the new high-tech economy and for all the skilled work. Except now IBM, Boeing, GM, they are all exporting their jobs; and it is estimated under these agreements we will export 3.3 million skilled jobs in the next decade because of these trade agreements.  There is a new twist in this one, though. We are going to import skilled laborers from Chile under this agreement. Yes, we will mandate the importation of skilled laborers to displace the few remaining jobs in the United States of America.  Is our trade policy working? Yes, exactly as designed, but not the way it is being sold here on the floor of the House. It is about access to cheap labor, weak laws, and profiting a select few multinational corporations.  Will the last worker in the last manufacturing plant in America please turn out the lights.  