Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  The debate has been a little surreal because we have had such impassioned speeches about Turkey as an ally and how could we do this to them, how could we deprive them of this money, which they did not ask for? The Turkish Ambassador, Faruk Logoglo, said yesterday, ``This is not something Turkey has asked for. It is a unilateral action by the U.S. administration.''  Mr. Chairman, this is $1 billion they did not ask for, they do not expect, and yet now it has become an imperative in this bill, making emergency wartime supplemental appropriations. Why? Why now? Why is it in this bill?  As the gentleman who spoke before me said, there will be a time and place to debate aid to Turkey and the many other worthy nations around the world who need United States assistance. But should not this bill be more focused?  Remember, we are borrowing every penny. Every penny of the $74 billion in this bill will be borrowed. We do not have the money in the bank somewhere. It is not coming from a contingency fund. It is going to be borrowed. So we should borrow $1 billion to send to Turkey who has not asked for it, and if we do not borrow the money to send to Turkey who has not asked for it, we are somehow penalizing them. I do not think they will see it that way. It does not sound like the Ambassador is going there.  There are other needs that are unmet in this bill. The gentleman from Wisconsin attempted to enhance homeland security, port security. I serve on the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Committee on Homeland Security, and I can tell my colleagues, our ports are not safe. We have not done everything we need to do. We need more funds to make those ports safe. The most likely way of delivering a weapon of mass destructionin the United States is not an intercontinental ballistic missile, it is a container on a rogue ship. That is how it will get here in all probability.  So why are we not making those investments? We could spend, if we need to borrow this extra $1 billion, there are a lot of ways to spend it. We could even spend it here at home. There is $3.4 billion in this bill to rebuild Iraq: 6,000 new schools, universal health insurance. Guess what? We have 44 million Americans uninsured. We have cut Medicaid in my State. I have thousands of Oregonians who do not have health insurance, that need work. Our schools are crumbling. We cannot run a full school year. We could take this $1 billion and spend it here in the United States of America. I have to question a lot of the foreign aid that is in this bill and the priorities that are being set here.  So therefore, I rise in support of the gentleman's amendment, and if this is successful, that would be good; and if not, I will offer an amendment later to reduce the funds to Turkey to fund National Guard weapons of mass destruction civil support teams which my State and 17 other States do not have, which have been authorized by this Congress, but we do not have enough money to fund them; but we can send $1 billion to a country that did not ask for it and does not want it.  