Speaker, I am perhaps the only Member of the House of Representatives who has trained in the field of gerontology, run a senior citizen program, perhaps someone else has, and actually gone with volunteers, delivered meals in homes, supervised volunteers who delivered meals in homes, and spent a lot of time at congregate meal sites.  Let me tell my colleagues this: If any motion to instruct should be nonpolitical and should receive the unanimous support of this body, that should actually be respected by the group negotiating the compromise here, it is this one, to provide the highest possible levels.  Now, the President, unfortunately, proposed to actually cut funding for Meals on Wheels. Now, he has a lot of ideas about people replacing government programs and that. This is essentially a nongovernmental program. It depends tremendously upon volunteers and community assistance and a lot of locally generated contributions matched with a little bit of Federal funds to leaven the mix. And the President's cut would have eliminated this program for many.  A lot of seniors, this is the only person they are going to see in a day. They are shut in. The only person they are going to see is the person that brings them that hot meal. It helps them stay connected to the community. It gives them a little bit of socialization. It allows people to know that they are doing okay in their homes. There are not a lot of other systems or places to do that. Many of them who I visited with on Friday get very nervous and they cry on Mondays when they see the people coming again. Over the weekend, they have the frozen meals and they had something to eat, but they did not see anybody. They were shut in.  Mr. Speaker, to cut this program as the President has proposed would be a tremendous disservice to those who have given so much to our country over so many productive years and now just need a little bit of help to stay in their homes in their later years, the congregate meal sites, to visit those, and the vitality of our senior citizens in later years. It is inspiring to me many times when I go and I hear and I see as I visit the congregate meal sites. But, again, it is also a tremendous socialization experience.  So this House could do no better than to unanimously adopt this, but notonly unanimously adopt this. We vote on an awful lot of motions to instruct here that are immediately tossed in the trash can by the negotiators. I would hope that this would be one motion that is respected, where we deliver and where we give back a little bit to our seniors who gave so much to us, our grandparents, our great grandparents and others. The greatest generation deserves better than a cut in the programs that are helping the most fragile and vulnerable of them.  