Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  I do not believe that either the chairman of the committee, and I certainly know that the ranking Democrat on the committee is not comfortable with this process, not comfortable with the allocations that have been put forward for crucial legislation for the American people.  At issue and still hanging out there are everything that goes to Health and Human Services and Education that the government does, things crucial to the health of our people, crucial to the education of many; also the issue of veterans health care, as the gentleman from Wisconsin said. We still have not adequately funded and taken care of identified problems with veterans health care, and yet money to do that in the bill coming up later today was stripped from the legislation late in the night.  We have the issue of homeland security. I serve on the Select Committee on Homeland Security, and we know that we are not meeting the needs adequately of aviation security; of port security; of the other aspects of homeland security; of first responders, those who we are going to call on, our fire, our police, and others in our home States who do not have the tools they need to respond day to day, let alone to potentially catastrophic emergencies and terrorist attacks. Yet here we find ourselves again on the floor of the House, yet again continuing through a temporary measure the operations of the government.  I guess things would not be this way if the Republicans held the White House and controlled both the House and the Senate. Oh, well, actually, they do. That is right, I forgot. So it must be the Democrats that are holding things up. Maybe it is Bill Clinton who is responsible for this. I think maybe it is his fault, actually, because he left us with a surplus and now we have a $500 billion deficit and we do not have the money to adequately fund these programs, so we are hung up and cannot get the votes together to pass anemic bills that will not meet the needs of homeland security, will not meet the needs of America's young people, will not meet the needs of our veterans or our seniors. We just do not have the money to do it. We do not have any money at all. We are just stuck here.  Except, wait a minute, later today we are going to take up a bill to borrow $87 billion to continue the conflict in Iraq and to build Iraq; to build an economy for Iraq, to build an infrastructure that is gold plated, a wonderful gold-plated infrastructure; but we do not have money here in the United States to perform some of the same functions. We are going to put another $50 million into the Port of Umm Qasr. I cannot get $8 million to dredge the ports in my district. The President says we are simply out of money. But we can borrow $50 million for the Port of Umm Qasr, and we will be voting on that later today.  Mr. Bremer, the proconsul in charge of Iraq, is appalled that many peopleget their water through lines from open canals. He thinks they need a modern water system. The city of Albany in my State is doing a bond measure to meet Federal mandates for water supply because they get their water supply through an open unlined ditch, but they cannot get a penny from the Federal Government to help with that project; but we can borrow the money to do it in Iraq.  How is it we can borrow money for all these projects in Iraq and we cannot find enough money here, under arbitrary limits, to fund education programs for Americans, to fund veterans health care programs, to fund homeland security? What is wrong with this picture? Well, it turns out that the Republicans themselves cannot agree, between the White House and the House and the Senate. So we find week after week we do these temporary bills, temporary bill after temporary bill; and yet they do not deliberate toward any real result.  I am certainly not on this esteemed committee, but I am on another committee that will be the subject of debate later today; and I was just involved in a conference committee, except the conference committee never met. The result was dictated by the White House, something that I believe will jeopardize public health and safety, and it was accepted by the majority party. But then they found they could not get the votes to do what the House was dictating they should do. Same thing is happening here with our education programs, with our veterans health care, with our first responders, with our homeland security. The dictates have come down from above the level of this committee that say this is all the money there is.  We can borrow money for Iraq, but we cannot borrow money to fund these vital programs here in the United States of America; and we put a higher priority on cutting taxes. Therefore, we cannot get the bills passed. The votes are not here. This is a very sad state of affairs.  