Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  I think the chairman has, with his perfecting amendment, admitted that the administration had perhaps gone a road too far with their proposal, and what the chairman proposes would protect some of the most precious of our public lands against obscure, specious claims of right-of-way access.  Unfortunately, the chairman's amendment does not, in my opinion, go quite far enough. Among the things that the chairman excludes from protection are private lands. And I would refer to the Salt Lake Tribune, on Saturday, June 21, 2003, which is an article about a couple, Jana and Ron Smith who, despite having researched and properly purchased their property, found that when they returned at one point from a vacation, that the local district attorney and the road crews had cut a chain, removed a gate, pulled down the private property signs, and provided full access to their very obscure and remote property which they had bought for those values. Unfortunately, they ultimately had to resort to the courts and the courts upheld their rights to the private property.  But if this underlying legislation, even with the chairman's amendment, remains in the bill authorizing the actions by the administration, it would color the claims of Jana and Ron Smith and others and prejudice them and, minimally, require people with private property to have to hire expensive attorneys to defend their rights to their own property but, in all probability, perhaps jeopardize their claims to defend their property.  It not only excludes private property, and I am surprised that the majority party would not have included private property in this amendment, and perhaps the gentleman will want to amend his amendment by unanimous consent to include private lands. Military lands are not included, so we may, again, find obscure or potentially specious claims to military lands and reservations which are quite extensive in the western United States. Again, I am surprised that the majority party would not be sensitive to the concerns of the military about allowing unbridled access across their reservations.  It also would exclude areas of critical environmental concern, wild and scenic rivers, national trails, national conservation areas, and other public lands.  So I think what the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Matheson) tried to do, which was not allowed, which would have opened this process to begin those most legitimate and obvious claims, let us grant those. Yes, let us grant them. Let us not have them have to go to court and fight for them, and then let us begin to parse through this very difficult problem. But let us not open the door to jeopardizing people's private property rights, or the rights of the military to protect Federal property, and wild and scenic rivers, national trails, and others.  