 President, I rise in support of the education reform bill. I am encouraged by the renewed emphasis President Bush and many in Congress have placed on education and I welcome this opportunity to share my views on this important subject.  Improving elementary and secondary education has long been a goal of those of us in Congress. However, for too long, the debate at the Federal level has focused on the same old ideas that boil down to more spending without ensuring results and more Federal control of local schools. That is why I am pleased that President Bush has put forward a plan for education that takes us in a new direction. S. 1, the Better Education for Students and Teachers Act, encompasses the President's main goals and puts the Federal role in education on the right track.  Since 1965, when Congress embarked on its first elementary and secondary education initiative, the Federal Government has continued to expand its role in the area of education. Yet, while the Federal role in education has increased, accountability has not. The Federal Government continues to spend more and more on education while creating complicated and overlapping programs that may or may not address the needs of local schools. In fact, research has shown that, while Federal funding for education has increased substantially over the last 30 years, students' test scores have not shown improvement.  The BEST Act seeks to change this situation by taking steps to ensure accountability for the use of Federal education dollars. Under this bill, States will be required to develop their own strategy to measure improvement and hold schools and school districts accountable through the use of State-run assessments. In this way, schools and school districts that fail to help students achieve can be identified so that assistance can be provided and necessary corrective action taken.  Going hand in hand with the need for greater accountability is the necessity for increased flexibility for States and local school districts. Part of the problem of stagnant student achievement despite increased Federal funding is that Federal funding comes with a disproportionate degree of Federal control. Federal micro-managing of classrooms ties the hands of teachers and can actually prevent them from meeting the individual needs of students.  We in Washington must face the fact that we cannot possibly know what's best for every school in America. My home State of Iowa contains a wide variation of school districts from rural to urban. Students in Des Moines are likely to have different needs from those of students in Lineville. What works in Davenport may not work in Sioux Center. How then can we in Washington direct Federal funding to meet the needs of all the students of Iowa, much less vastly different regions of our country, without providing for a substantial degree of local control? If States are to meet tough new goals for student achievement, they must be given the freedom to do so without having their hands tied by unnecessary Federal regulations. This bill does just that by consolidating related programs into more flexible block grants and allowing schools to waive certain Federal regulations in return for results.  It is also essential that parents have the opportunity for greater involvement in their child's education. Under the BEST Act, school report cards will be issued so that parents will have information on the quality of their child's school, and support will be given to local educational agencies and nonprofit organizations to implement parental involvement programs that are designed to improve student performance. In addition, parents of disadvantaged students in failing schools will be given the choice to move their children to a better school.  In closing, while this bill does provide for a substantially increased investment in elementary and secondary education, it does so in a framework of real reform that provides greater flexibility to states and local school districts in return for demonstrated results. This bill represents a shift from the old Washington-knows-best view of education to one which empowers states, local communities, and parents to improve student achievement. President Bush has called on us to ensure that no child in America is left behind. The Better Education for Students and Teachers bill will put us on course to meet that challenge.  