 President, I rise to offer a fair and very generous bipartisan agricultural amendment. I am a family farmer. To be fair to my son, my son makes most of the decisions and does most of the work; I try to help him on weekends. I see my role on weekends as being a hired man for my son because I don't live with it every day as he does and I want to rely upon his expertise. But I do have that background and I bring that background to my colleagues to show some understanding and sensitivity that we all ought to have toward the family farmer and agriculture in general.  I know what the agricultural community is currently going through. I think the plan in this amendment will address the immediate needs to stabilize net income, provide enough funding to significantly strengthen a future counter-cyclical program, offer additional money for regulatory relief, enhance conservation efforts, and is fiscally responsible.  Some Members might wonder why it is tough to be a farmer in our current agricultural community. Why, without Government assistance, net income, cash income for the farm is projected to fall to $50.7 billion, which is $4.1 billion below the 1990 to 2000 average of $54.8 billion.  I will lay out some factors. First, input cost. Natural gas prices have recently hit record highs, directly impacting farm fertilizer prices and availability. Almost all of the nitrogen we get for the record corn crops we raise in our State comes from anhydrous ammonia, made from natural gas. The cost is passed through to the farmer.  Due to the past administration's inability to enact a workable energy policy, farmers were left to cope with significant fluctuations in price and demand. These fluctuations have dramatically increased the cost of hydrogen fertilizers and these increased input costs will certainly have a substantial impact on corn producers across the Nation during the coming growing season.  After input costs, it is legitimate to bring up the issue of regulations and their increase in costs. We have the Environmental Protection Agency preparing to implement new rules for concentrated animal feeding operations which will impact an estimated 376,000 confined livestock operations in our country. For example, the costs incurred for compliance for cattlemen could average well over $100,000 per farm. The costs would involve structural measures, engineering fees, and the development of a comprehensive nutrient management plan.  After regulations comes low commodity prices. These are probably the most obvious of all things that people in the city read about regarding the farm income situation. Today in my hometown of New Hartford, IA, where we deliver our corn and soybeans, the cash price for corn is $1.78 and $4.03 for soybeans. These are not lucrative margins. The lack of profitability and production hurts. Three years in a row of low prices--except for soybeans--are lower now than ever before. These low prices have been the rule for the last 3 years. These low prices can actually take some of the best farmers to the breaking point.  After low commodity prices, we have the frustration with the international trade of agricultural products. The European Union still spends a huge amount on agricultural export subsidies. These subsidies of the European Community are the most trade distorting, even trade disruptive, of all agricultural policies. They depress the prices that would otherwise apply to commercial trade. In so doing, they harm the ability of our farmer to compete with European farmers in third country markets. They also reduce the incentive to engage in more efficient production.  The truth is, until we get the European Union to agree to reduce its excessive spending on export subsidies, we will not be as competitive as we could be and should be in world agricultural markets. As a result, our farmers will continue to get lower prices in world agricultural products as long as the American farmer is competing against the German treasury, as opposed to competing against the German farmer. We can compete against that farmer, but it is very difficult to compete against the German treasury.  The best way we can address this problem is to launch a comprehensive new round of multilateral trade negotiations at the World Trade Organization ministerial meeting in Qatar and engage the Europeans directly on this issue. Successfully launching a new round of global trade talks is hardly a sure thing. We have a lot of work to do before we can make this happen. I am not certain we have the necessary international political consensus on this point. Even if we were to advance that new round right now, it would still be a few years before we would see the economic impact, assuming--and you cannot always assume--that American agriculture will win at the bargaining table the way we hope we will win.  We do get victories. Over a period of time we have seen trade distorting practices on agriculture and tariffs on agriculture come down--quite frankly, not as much in the agricultural area as they have come down in almost every other area of manufactured products and services.  We have another trade frustration, and that is the country of China. Currently, negotiations on China's access to the World Trade Organization are stalled in Geneva because China is insisting on claiming developing country status with respect to their agriculture. This would mean that China would be entitled to exempt a higher proportion of trader distorting domestic support spending from the agreed upon caps on such spending than it would be if China is considered to be a developed nation.  Higher domestic support for agriculture and China would mean less excess for American farm products to China. Although this is of prospective harm, not one we are facing immediately, it certainly will not help our farmers if we don't get China to change its position. This isn't something for which we have to wait 5 years. These sorts of negotiations of China's success to the World Trade Organization are going on at various times now or in certain periods of the near months we are in and the months that have passed. This is something that China is going to have to agree to if they expect to get in the World Trade Organization, that they are coming in as a developed nation to meet fully their responsibilities in the World Trade Organization, not begging for some special treatment.  The list of factors affecting the agricultural economy does not detail all of the reasons that our agricultural economy is failing. But it does lay out a number of good reasons why we should be concerned about the strength of the family farms. Our amendment adds $63.5 billion to agriculture's mandatory Commodity Credit Corporation price supports, related programs, and conservation.  Adding this $63.5 billion to the existing $94.2 billion already in the baseline will add up to $150.7 billion in the support for the agricultural economy over the next 10 years of this budget resolution. I believe the additional budget authority provided in the baseline will allow the Agriculture Committee to begin the process of establishing the parameters for our next farm bill. In the interim, the $5 billion provided in fiscal year 2001, the year we are in now, and the $7.35 billion provided for economic assistance, will help farmers survive.  I know my friends and neighbors of Iowa need assistance and a better counter-cyclical program; that is, improvements in the farm program. When we use the word ``counter-cyclical,'' that implies that there will not have to be a dependence upon Congress from year to year voting additional money, but there would be a program that would kick in under circumstances of lower prices.  I also know we need to provide this assistance in a fashion that improves our fiscal responsibility. Massive cash infusions are not the long-term answer to the challenges facing the American farmer. The 1996 farm bill was not created under the assumption that it was the only tire on the wagon. When we passed the 1996 bill, it was supposed to be supported by tax relief and assistance, like the farmers savings accounts legislation that I have continuously introduced and was in a bill the President vetoed last year, and hopefully will be in a bill the new President will sign.  In addition to that, we promised in 1996 increased trade opportunities but, in the period of time since then, we failed to pass trade promotion authority for the President. We also took too long to give farmers new and improved risk management options which, just last year, 4 years late, after it was promised, we finally passed a new crop insurance program.  Due to partisan opposition regarding free trade and tax relief, the only additional wheel that has been placed on this wagon is this crop insurance reform I talked about, and the Government was a long time getting that passed. Any farmer knows if you only have two wheels on a four-wheeled wagon, it does not roll along very well. So if there is, during this debate, criticism of the 1996 farm bill--and there can be some legitimate criticism of the 1996 farm bill--remember, it should not be judged as the total product we promised the farmers in 1996 because what we provided for was a safety net. We found out 3 years later that safety net had some holes in it. We had to pass in 1998, 1999, and 2000, as we are doing now for the year 2001, some patching of that safety net, not because that is something we knew needed to be done in 1996, but because it was a promise that we made in 1996 that there would be a safety net there for farmers, and the money that was provided in 1996 for each of the next 7 years was not enough money. Keeping our promise to the family farmers, we enhanced that in 1998, 1999, 2000, and we will do it again in 2001.  So if there is criticism of the 1996 farm bill, remember that we have, in fashioning past farm bills, when there was a crisis we didn't anticipate when the bill was passed, we supplemented. Go back to 1985, 1984, 1986, in that period of time when we put the ``payment in kind'' program in place. We did not anticipate using that, but because of the low prices, we did.  We did not anticipate using paid diversions to take land out of production, but we used those. They were additional supplemental payments that were not anticipated.  So it does not matter whether it is the 1996 farm bill or the 1990 farm bill or the 1985 farm bill or the 1981 farm bill. When you look ahead 5 years, or as we did in 1996, 7 years, nobody expects you to anticipate all the problems farmers are going to have and write a bill that is going to anticipate it all. But somehow I think people want to leave the impression that is what was intended in 1996. There isn't anybody who has that sort of clairvoyance. So, consequently, we have to act from time to time. That is exactly what we are doing here with this amendment.  The other thing I do not want to hear criticism of is that we did not include the farmers savings account as was promised in 1996. We did not give other trade opportunities as was promised in 1996. We did not provide crop insurance in 1996 as we promised in 1996. We delivered on that in the year 2000. And there are other issues as well. So we have to keep this in perspective.  We have to get those four wheels on the wagon so it rolls along well. As chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, I am committed to providing the much needed tax relief and expand the opportunities our farmers need. But the Congress also made a pledge to family farmers that they would experience this transition throughout the 1996 farm bill. The fact we could not get the wheels on the wagon, coupled with the disastrous recession experienced by our eastern Asian trading partners, which triggered significant slumps in demand for our agricultural commodities has forced the Congress to provide assistance.  If during this period of time the Federal Reserve Board had been a little bit more concerned about liquidity as opposed to inflation, we would have had a little easier and better time as well.  In addition, this amendment works hand in hand then with the $1.6 trillion tax relief package we hope to pass through the Senate Finance Committee. This tax cut package will help American farmers in several ways. First and foremost, farmers generally do business as proprietors, partners, and in subchapter S corporations.  That means marginal rate cuts through this tax bill will help farmers.  Second, many family farmers cannot pass on the farm to their children because of the death tax. The Bush tax cut would rid us of this death tax.  Finally, there are tax cuts such as the farmer savings accounts, to which I have already alluded three times, that will help farmers weather the downside of the cyclical business patterns of farming.  The assistance we provide should not lead to more problems for the family farmers. If government spending is fiscally irresponsible, we will continue to witness artificial land prices and inflated cash rents. This doesn't serve the family farmer. It only makes it more difficult for farmers who rent ground to make a profit.  I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. I particularly thank Senator Miller of Georgia for his co-sponsorship of this amendment so that it is in fact a bipartisan amendment.  I yield the floor.  