 This bill is a statement of considerable impact that the Senator from Minnesota has made on it because of his hard work. His work goes beyond just improving the bill. He obviously does not want the improved bill to pass.  But the Senator from Minnesota is a legislator. He obviously believes in the legislative process. He knows how to use the legislative process to accomplish good from his point of view. And we have a bill that has changed considerably since the recommendations in the Commission on Bankruptcy report.  Senator Durbin and I introduced that bill two Congresses ago. It went through the process of subcommittee, full committee, to the floor of the Senate, through the House of Representatives, through conference, through the House a second time but not having enough time to get it through the floor of the Senate that second time to get it to the President.  Then, in the last Congress, it went through the same process: subcommittee, full committee, the floor of the Senate, the House of Representatives subcommittee, full committee, the floor of the House of Representatives, to conference and out of conference, passing the House of Representatives by a veto-proof margin, and through the Senate, passing the Senate by a veto-proof margin, and going to President Clinton for his signature.  Obviously, with veto-proof margins in both Houses, the President knew if he vetoed it, we would be able to override it. The President waited until we adjourned last December, and at that point did what, under the Constitution, is called a pocket veto. We obviously were not in session and did not have an opportunity to override.  But I said: The Senator from Minnesota has had an opportunity to make considerable changes in this legislation. Maybe I do not like all those changes, but I would have to look at this piece of legislation that has my name on it as the principal sponsor, with Senator Torricelli of New Jersey, and say this bill has improved a lot in ways that we probably should have recognized when it was first introduced.  But you reach a point, in any legislative process, where you eventually come to the conclusion that perfection in the way we do business in the Government is never a possibility. And you get the best possible vehicle you can to get the job done--the best possible job.  I think the Senator from Minnesota would like to have me yield. I will yield for the purpose of a question.  