 I will just get to the issue and leave the personal experiences I have had out of this issue.  In the year 2001, there are farmers who are in the same situation of wanting to market the same way I did the years I had livestock, from 1959 to 1974, and again from 1984 to about 1987, even since I have been in the Senate. We have a situation where you can't deliver whenever you want to deliver. You become a residual supplier.  This is a problem Senator Feingold is trying to correct. I hope I can help him. Many packers have arbitration clauses in their contracts with farmers. Arbitration clauses significantly reduce the small family farmer's ability to get a fair shot when a dispute with packers arises, such as misweighing of animals, bad feed cases, or wrongful termination of contracts.  When a dispute between a packer and a family farmer arises and the contract between the two includes an arbitration clause, the family farmer has no alternative but to accept arbitration to resolve the dispute.  I certainly recognize that arbitration has its benefits. I have promoted that as an alternative dispute resolution as a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and we have laws as a result of that. In certain cases, regardless of the advantage of arbitration, it can be less costly than other dispute settlement means. In certain other cases, it can remove some of the workload from our Nation's overburdened court system. For these reasons, arbitration must be an option, but it should be no more than an option.  In some cases, however, mandatory arbitration clauses create another level of litigation. State courts provide the ability for a party to challenge an arbitration clause on the basis of fraud, misrepresentation, or lack of knowing and voluntary waiver.  Farmers often must file civil actions seeking to invalidate the arbitration clauses after a dispute arises when they realize they would be placed at extreme disadvantage in arbitration in a particular case and because the arbitration fees are too high. We can learn from the experience of the poultry industry. Today nearly 100 percent of the Nation's poultry is captive. In recent years, poultry producers have been especially affected by mandatory arbitration clauses.  When one chooses arbitration, he then waives rights to access to the courts and the constitutional right to a jury trial. Certain standardized court rules are also waived, such as the right to discovery. This is important because a farmer must prove his case, the company has the relative information, and the farmer cannot prevail unless we can compel disclosure of relevant information.  Moreover, longstanding law states that a waiver of rights by a party must be knowing and voluntary. A farmer cannot waive such rights in a knowing and voluntary way when he is only bargaining about a processor-drafted contract about price and volume terms. He cannot make a knowing and voluntary waiver in a vacuum when a dispute does not exist and has not been contemplated.  I am pleased to join Senator Feingold in support of this amendment to prohibit mandatory arbitration clauses from being included in contracts between packers and livestock producers. Our amendment will amend the Packers and Stockyards Act to provide that mandatory arbitration clauses in contracts between packers and livestock producers are not enforceable unless parties agree to binding arbitration after the dispute arises.  Our amendment will give farmers the opportunity to choose the best form of dispute settlement mechanism. Instead of binding arbitration, mediation or civil action may give family farmers a fighting chance to succeed in a dispute with a packer.  I yield the floor.  