      The fee will not be viewed on the merits in this proceeding,      but is instead being used--cynically--as a ``pay-for'' for a      totally unrelated program.  Obviously, the totally unrelated program is the Patients' Bill of Rights that is before us.  Our experience today--in other words, how we handle this issue of customs user fees today--will only hurt us in our deliberation of what ought to be done to expedite and make more efficient entry into our country. It is going to hurt us when that policy debate comes up sometime down the road--weeks, months, but sometime. Customs modernization is a very important priority.  My point is that there are important Customs modernization issues that should no longer be ignored. Let's not have a rush to pay for this Patients' Bill of Rights today and blind us towards the real public policy questions we have on the Customs Service and their problems tomorrow.  Are you concerned about drugs at our borders? Are you concerned about illegal transshipment of textiles, import restrictions on steel and lumber, and backup of trucks at our borders? If you vote for extending fees, there will be no committee consideration if Customs is using the fees for these or other Congressional priorities.  I would like to tell you that extending these fees will definitely have an impact on what we are able to do or not to do about modernization of the Customs agency and its operations around the borders of our country, even in the interior of the country where we have Customs operations.  I would like to read what the acting Customs Commissioner had to say about this. He wrote on June 20, this year:       Any scoring which would limit in any way the ability to      fund or offset Customs activities would likely cause--  And it is highlighted--     a critical funding shortfall for the Customs Service.  Experience a critical funding shortfall when you want to get in and out of Chicago with some Customs operations and people are complaining because it takes so long to get it done because of a shortage of personnel and not having the technical equipment that ought to be there to help efficient operation. Then you know that maybe you made the wrong decision when you took $7 billion out of Customs to do this.  Also, I have a statement, which was submitted for the Record, from the President himself, dated June 2001, clearly opposing section 502 of the bill.  I would like to raise one other issue, and that is it is not at all clear that using Customs user fees to offset revenue is consistent with the World Trade Organization rules.  Think about that. We are making a decision to take $7 billion out of Customs user fees under the jurisdiction of the Senate Finance Committee, and we may be doing this in a way that does not meet our obligation under the World Trade Organization. Under that organization, Customs fees are to be used as payments for Customs services, not as a source of general revenue to the Federal Government.  In a sense, as we would say to our constituents back home, you pay a gas tax, and we use the gas tax for transportation, to build highways. When people pay Customs fees, they pay those Customs fees for facilitating entry of product into the country and the policing of that entry of product into the country. A fee levied for a certain purpose ought to be used for that purpose or it might violate the WTO because it should not be a source of general revenue any more than taking money from the gas tax and putting it into the general fund of the United States.  Here is what the Customs Service writes on this issue.       The merchandise processing fee is a fee that is paid by      importers for the processing of merchandise by the Customs      Service. Directing the funds collected from the fee for      something other than Customs' operations could pose GATT      interpretation issues.  While it is not clear that a WTO case would arise or that a challenge would be successful, it seems to me that this is a warning bell that should certainly be heard.  No Senator should vote against this motion to strike unless they are prepared to face the possibility of a WTO challenge and take responsibility accordingly.  We should strike this provision from the bill. Before blindly supporting section 502, we should have time to consider its broader implications.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to strike.  Turning to the other provision of their bill that my amendment strikes, section 503, that would delay payments to Medicare contractors by one day thereby shifting $235 million in Medicare part B spending from fiscal year 2002 to fiscal year 2003 is simply a budget gimmick.  I am troubled by this provision because it comes within the jurisdiction of the Senate Finance Committee and also because we are trying to work to make Medicare a better program, not do things to harm it.  First, I point out to my colleagues that, again, the Finance Committee has jurisdiction, not the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions. It is the Finance Committee that authorizes and overseas the Medicare Program and the Federal agency that runs it, now known as the Center for Medicare Services.  It is the Finance Committee and not the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee that is in the best position to know how changes in the Medicare Program, such as this one-day payment delay in section 503 of this bill that will affect our senior citizens, will affect our health care providers and will affect the integrity of the Medicare trust fund.  With all due respect, when it comes to Medicare and Medicaid and other Federal entitlement programs, it seems terribly ridiculous to ignore the committee that has the very expertise in these programs, meaning the Senate Finance Committee.  The second reason that I am proposing to strike the Medicare payment delay in section 503 of the bill is that the delay itself, which may not seem serious to some, could actually have consequences for Medicare contractors and providers.  Delaying payments by one day and moving them into the next fiscal year just to finance this bill is fuzzy math, to say the least. But it unfairly subjects the already fragile Medicare Program and its health care contractors to accounting disruptions and to administrative uncertainties.  Medicare providers already have it hard enough just dealing with the Medicare Program in the first place. They are overwhelmed by paperwork, confused by conflicting regulations, and frequently left hearing that ``the check is in the mail.''  Can you imagine the Federal Government saying ``the check is in the mail'' when it comes to timely payments of their reimbursements?  Subjecting those providers to any additional delay, even if just for a short period of time, is simply unfair. We need to make it easier for providers to do business with Medicare.  Think about it. No one wants to do business with late payers, and health care providers are no exception.  Think about it for a minute. No one wants to do business with late payers, and health care providers are no exception. We should not be giving Medicare an additional opportunity to delay for one minute--let alone a longer period of time--their obligations to promptly pay providers.  For the last 3 months, Senator Baucus and I have been working hard to develop a Medicare reform proposal that strengthens and improves the program by adding prescription drug coverage and making the entire benefit package more modern.  Part of this bipartisan effort also includes an initiative to make Medicare more responsive and accountable to both seniors and providers. We want to send a message to providers that they will be treated fairly and professionally by Medicare.  Unfortunately, the delay provision in section 503 does exactly the opposite. It sends an entirely wrong message and undercuts our bipartisan effort to make Medicare a better business partner for today's providers.  For these reasons, I cannot support the inclusion of section 503 in this bill. Neither 502 nor 503 belong in this bill. They are both outside the jurisdiction of the Health, Education, Labor Committee and a long way away from the subject of this debate, which is patients' rights. Both sections should be stricken from this bill entirely.  Consequently, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment.  