 President, how ironic it is that we hear about the negativism of the President toward the economy. And then, in turn, we hear all of this negative comment about the new President. It just doesn't quite add up.  I can stand here and talk about the Clinton recession we might be in because the manufacturing index turned down in September and has been turning down since. I could talk about the Clinton recession from the standpoint of the confidence index, which started turning down in August. But I don't think blaming gets much accomplished.  I think we have to look to the future, and the future is that we can pay down the national debt. We have a tax surplus. We can give tax relief to every taxpayer--the working men and women who have made a big difference, the entrepreneurs who have made a big difference over the last 10 years to help us pay down the national debt. We can fund our priorities.  When we use the Congressional Budget Office, a nonpartisan economist, to judge what the future is--and it is a difficult thing to do, but it is no more difficult than the young workers who are trying to look ahead to see what their income is going to be and convince the banker that they ought to get a 30-year mortgage. They put a lot of trust in the future in order to pay off that mortgage. We put a lot of trust in the future, too, to make a determination of how much income we are going to have coming in over the next 10 years. We determined that that is about $28 billion, $29 billion. Out of that, we will have a $5.6 trillion surplus. Out of that $5.6 trillion surplus, we are going to take $3.1 trillion off because of trust funds--Social Security: Save Social Security income just for Social Security, Medicare money just for Medicare. And then we have money for a $1.6 trillion tax cut. Every American who pays income tax will get a tax cut. Every American who is at a $35,000 income--a family of four--will have a 100-percent tax reduction. A family of four at $50,000 will have a 50-percent tax reduction. Six million people who are now paying taxes won't pay any taxes after this program is passed.  When we are all done passing this legislation, the wealthy, the higher income people of America, will actually be paying a higher share of the total income tax money coming into the Federal Treasury than before under present law.  