 Upon careful consideration, it is clear:  First, the Senate Republican Caucus stimulus proposal is not made up of ``leftover'' tax cuts;  Second, the Senate Republicans are not using September 11 as a device to advance ``ideological'' proposals; and  Third, the proposals in the Senate Republican Caucus stimulus package have not been ``unanimously'' rejected by economists, editors, and opinion makers.  Madam President, I wish to discuss what I consider to be a crucial component of this economic stimulus package: health insurance assistance for dislocated workers.  We all know about the high cost of health insurance. For dislocated workers, its even higher. That's because worker continuation or ``COBRA'' coverage is extremely expensive: coverage for a family can cost as much as $500 or $600 per month.  And workers who do not qualify for COBRA coverage--because they worked for State or local governments or in small businesses that are exempt--also face high health care costs.  So when it comes to providing health insurance assistance to dislocated workers, both sides in this debate are in agreement: People need help, and they need it now.  Where we disagree is on how we get there. I have endorsed a program that is already up and running, that has been tried and tested and tailored forthe very purpose of providing ready help--not red tape--in emergencies like this.  The Democrats, on the other hand, have endorsed the creation of a new Federal bureaucracy, consumed by red tape, that would take many months to get up and running.  First, let's talk about structure. For any program to work efficiently, it needs a backbone. The National Emergency Grant program has been in place since 1998. The Labor Department has been getting funds to States quickly and seamlessly for several years.  In fact, since September 11th, 3 States have already received funds totaling $37 million, 3 more States are on the verge of approval, and 13 additional State applications are expected. Clearly these numbers indicate the success the National Emergency Grant program has already achieved.  By comparison, the new COBRA subsidy program that the Democrats favor has no backbone at all. There is no structure currently in place at the Labor Department or any other Federal agency to administer this new benefit.  Next, let's take a look at process.  At the Federal level, the National Emergency Grant program requires nothing more than a new set of grant criteria allowing States to use funds for health insurance. The criteria is being drafted under the Labor Department's existing authority, and can be made effective immediately.  In contrast, the new COBRA subsidy program proposed by the Democrats requires the deployment of an entirely new Federal program, requiring Congressional authorization and a formal regulatory process under the Administrative Procedures Act before any benefits could be delivered.  Moreover, communications and oversight mechanisms would have to be established, and agencies would have to redirect resources to meet program goals.  At the State level, the National Emergency Grant program is familiar to governors and other State officials. The program relies on an existing, streamlined process that has been in place since 1998. All States have mechanisms in place to apply for grants and deliver benefits.  By comparison, the Democrat-endorsed new Federal subsidy program would impose new and costly mandates on States, which would have to authorize and set-up new systems and departments to comply with the program's rules before workers could start receiving benefits. In many instances, action at the State level would be frozen until State legislatures acted to authorize and fund the new mandates.  Finally, let's address the most important question, the one that this whole debate should turn on.  How long will this all take? How do the two approaches compare when it comes to getting workers health care assistance quickly?  The National Emergency Grant program can guarantee payments to States within 15 days of an application's approval. That speed is simply unsurpassed, and it's the chief reason I support using the grant program today.  The new Federal subsidy program, by contrast, would tie up funds in red tape until next summer. Under almost any scenario, financial assistance would not be available until federal regulations are issued, finalized and made effective, a process that could take 6 months, at a minimum.  The bottom line is the Democrats' proposal would not be able to get benefits to workers until it's too late. In addition to a lengthy process at the Federal level, States are faced with undue burdens of setting up new systems to coordinate with the Federal Government and finding new resources to do so.  The Democratic approach, while well-intentioned, reinvents the wheel. The National Emergency Grant program, by comparison, needs no re-invention. It is ready to go.  And so I urge my colleagues to opt for a system that's ready to go and to support the speedy delivery of funds to our dislocated workers through the National Emergency Grant program.  