 It also deals with the point I have made in other speeches--that this is a very good bill. But during the process of considering giving patients a bill of rights against insurance companies, I think we always have to keep our eye focused upon the fact that we want to give treatment for patients and not tribute for lawyers.  This amendment takes a very good approach in fixing the Kennedy-McCain bill's provisions dealing with the liability parts of the bill, which, in my view, amount to nothing less than a trial lawyer's pot of gold.  I have always believed that medical malpractice liability laws should provide adequate compensation for those who are truly injured while reducing frivolous lawsuits.  I firmly believe that it is a principle of any case, including patients against insurance companies, that people who are harmed ought to be made economically whole. But there has to be a balance between frivolous lawsuits and making sure that people can be made whole if harmed.  I think the Kennedy-McCain bill fails to strike that very carefully needed balance and instead creates a lottery for trial lawyers, which not only inflates the cost of health insurance for all of us but also leads to more and more hard working Americans losing health coverage.  We shouldn't do anything in this bill that will cause people to lose their health insurance. We already have 42 million uninsured Americans. The best opportunity for affordable health insurance as well as coverage is in employer-related health insurance programs.  Don't forget that we have over 50 million insured Americans under the self-insured plans that employers offer. The case is that most of these self-insured plans come from small business more so than large corporations. We should not be putting these employers and their employees in a situation where that employer, because of the threat of suit under this bill and losing a generation and a lifetime of savings in that family business, will not want to take a chance of losing his investment which has been built up through a family working together and investing everything back into the business because of a threatened lawsuit. If that is a threat, then you can understand why the employer might just eliminate their self-insurance and in the process throw the employees into a situation of having no health insurance, resulting increases in the number of 42 million people in this country who now do not have such insurance.  Here is how I believe this will inflate costs, and thus cause employers andemployees to not have health insurance coverage. Except for the $5 million cap that is in this bill on punitive damages in Federal courts, the Kennedy-McCain bill sets absolutely no limits on what damages trial lawyers can collect.  When it comes to patients and those harmed because of lawsuits, it ought to be an axiom of all of our public policy that the people harmed, not lawyers, should get most of the money from a lawsuit.  Of course, the Bond amendment then makes this more true than under the existing practice. You have to consider that trial lawyers generally collect 40 percent of their clients' recoveries. In fact, in many cases, you can have the lawyer's fees plus other court costs work out to where the person harmed is getting less than 50 percent of what the jury might award.  Trial lawyers generally collect 40 percent of their clients' recoveries. Incentives for bringing cases regardless of merit are then extremely high. It is a perverse incentive to go to court and to go to trial.  But the real jewel in the trial lawyer's crown is this bill's provision that allows the same suits for the same claims brought by the same trial lawyers, whether they proceed in State or Federal courts.  Even though this debate is supposed to be about patients, the Kennedy-McCain liability scheme isn't about patients at all. It is about trial lawyers. In fact, as you can see, I call this the ``trial lawyers lottery ticket.'' I want to show where five out of six opportunities for monetary awards are virtually jackpots for lawyers.  Take a closer look. I would like to just scratch the trial lawyer's lottery ticket and see what the lawyer gets. Let's start with medical costs.  Peel off the lottery ticket top, both for State court and Federal courts, you will see ``bingo''--no limit on what trial lawyers can collect in both State and Federal court. That is a jackpot that ought to make any lawyer happy.  But why quit when you are ahead? Let's take a look at what is in store on pain and suffering. Peel that lottery ticket, and you can see what you get on pain and suffering. It is another jackpot--unlimited damages in State and Federal courts.  The sky is the limit. That is where the trial lawyers are really winning big.  Now, for the trial lawyer's favorite damages, punitive damages, they stand to reap tens of millions of dollars.  Let's see what this ticket offers the trial lawyers. So we pull off the punitive damages square. You can see: unlimited damages in State court, and up to a $5 million cap in damages as far as the Federal courts are concerned.  This is another big win. Talk about good luck: unlimited punitive damages in State courts, and in the Federal courts almost unlimited--a $5 million cap. If you ask me, that is hardly any limit at all.  