 President, I rise in opposition to the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota. I know he is one of the most sincere individuals in the Senate when it comes to the issue of education. We have had a chance to hear him speak on these issues many times in the last few weeks as we have been considering the Elementary and Secondary Education Act amendments.  As sincere as the Senator from Minnesota is in pursuing his goals for education, doing it on this bill is beyond the scope of the Finance Committee's jurisdiction in the way that he would set up a reserve fund to do that.  A commitment of this bill back to committee to set up a reserve fund would not be within the jurisdiction of our committee. It would direct us to set up a reserve account that would lead us to what he refers to as full funding of education programs.  It would also strike any reduction in the tax burden for those at the 39.6-percent tax rate. There is no revenue estimate for this amendment. That is another issue with which we have to deal within the realities of the budget resolution.  Our bill contains many excellent educational provisions that are within the scope and the jurisdiction of our Senate Finance Committee. These are tax provisions. They are tax provisions that consequently would improve the day-to-day lives of ordinary Americans.  The Senate has passed these education amendments--twice last year and, I think, the year before. Also, these are provisions which, even though they are in this bill, they are on the calendar as a separate bill that was voted out of our committee by a vote of 20-0. So we know these have almost unanimous support in the Senate, as the Senate Finance Committee is a microcosm of the entire Senate.  This motion to commit ought to be seen by our colleagues as a motion to delay the passage of this tax bill and the tax relief for working men and women that will result from this legislation.  In addition, while the motion to commit may be in order, what it directs the committee to do is to fund education spending programs. Therefore, it is my belief--and we may raise this point later on--it would not be germane to the bill. I appreciate Senator Wellstone's sincerity. However, I urge my colleagues to reject it.  On a larger note, I am going to take this opportunity to ask the Senator from Minnesota to consider a point of view that I expressed last week in regard to the wealthy of America. I do not deny what he says about the people who pay the 39.6-percent tax rates, that they are very high income people and, maybe more so than other people, can afford to pay that rate. I think too often the Senator from Minnesota as well as a lot of other Senators--maybe even some on our side of the aisle--take the view that when we apply the 39.6-percent tax rate, we are applying it to a group of people who have always been rich and will forever be rich. But that is not the true picture of America.  I want to address that thought and ask the Senator to consider that point of view as I ask him to focus upon what he is doing on the tax portions of his amendment.  We hear so much in this debate about taxing those getting a good paycheck--obviously, a very good paycheck in terms of the amendment of the Senator and those people who are going to be taxed at 39.6 percent. But speeches such as this would make you think the people being taxed must have been getting a good paycheck their entire life--born rich, stay rich, and die rich. But that is not true of most of the people who are in the highest tax brackets. I think people who make these claims provide a distorted picture of America. They present a picture of America where a family who is struggling will always struggle and consequently be at the low income tax rate level or maybe not pay any income tax at all. That is on the one hand. On the other hand, we have an America where people can buy sirloin instead of chuck round, that they have always been able to do this and will always be able to do it. In other words, the poor are always poor and the rich are always rich.  But as we all know, real life provides a more complicated picture. The reality is that the vast majority of our poorest Americans, with a bad spell here and there, spend their lives moving up the economic ladder until retirement.  Yes, there is an extremely small group of people, estimated at approximately 1 percent, for whom the enormous hardship of poverty is a lifelong constant; that is, they are poor and will remain poor throughout most of their life. For these unfortunates, obviously, our society hopefully is a loving society and provides a safety net, a safety net that is expanded by the provisions of this bill, in addition to a lot of appropriated accounts in which we try to help this group of people.  But beyond that 1 percent, or fewer, who are going to be poor throughout their entire life, for most Americans who study, work hard, and play by the rules, their tomorrow is a brighter tomorrow.  I do not come to this conclusion by myself. Every one of us can have the benefit of a detailed study by the University of Michigan that about a third of those at the bottom fifth income bracket--the bottom 20 percent economically of our society--will move up to a higher income bracket even next year; in other words, into the second or third quintile.  Over the past 16 years of study by the University of Michigan, approximately 80 percent of those who were the poorest of Americans had moved into the middle class. And incredibly--but it tells you something about the greatness of America and our economic system and our social dynamics--about 30 percent of those at the bottom were among the richest top fifth during the 16-year study period.  This notion that the people's wages are not constant, that a man probably will not be paid the same amount when he is 25 as compared to when he is 55, is not news to me nor millions of other Americans who understand that there is opportunity to move ahead and up in our society.  But from the way others talk, this must be incredible news to those in the Washington elite who have never had a callus on their hands--that somehow the poor are always poor and the rich did not work to get there, but they have.  What a shock to them it must be to learn that over 60 percent--again, 60 percent--of all families found themselves in the top 20 percent for 1 or more years over a 16-year period in an analysis provided by the Federal Reserve.  This is who is now labeled the wealthy by those fighting tooth and nail against this tax cut--over 60 percent of all American families. And I would like to tell you the real story for many of these families who have finally received the reward of a good paying job after a lifetime of hard work. It is at that time that these families are often the most financially pressed. In other words, people who have married, gotten a job, had families, over a period of 30 years have moved up and maybe became high-income people, but these are also people who might be hit by a 39.6-percent tax bracket who are also financially pressed because in modern-day America these are the families struggling to pay for their kids' college, helping their kids with the cost of daycare, trying to put away something for savings for their retirement.  Also, this generation, the first generation in American history that, besides taking care of their own kids, worrying about their own retirement, may be taking care of their mom and dad who are in a nursing home or need some financial assistance, these people are labeled the rich, the wealthy, and in some instances facing marginal tax rates of up to 50 percent of Federal and State income taxes.  My colleagues should know, too, that for most Americans a good paycheck is fleeting because, as I said, the rich in America are not always rich. Most of them were not born rich. They worked hard to get there. And they do not stay there either because fully one-half of the top 1 percent at the beginning of the decade dropped out of the top 1 percent at the end of the decade, and not only were they not in the top 1 percent, they were not even in the top quintile, the top fifth income bracket, by the end of the decade.  That said, we still all know that the American dream is alive. Sixty percent of all American families will reach the top fifth income bracket during their lifetime. Eighty percent of those on the bottom rungs will reach the middle class or higher.  These high tax rates are really hitting the hard-working middle class who finally get into the top brackets for a few years as a reward for 30 years of hard work and may be even leading a miserly life to some extent thinking about the future. I want you to know those are some of the people who are hurt so much by the high tax brackets--middle-class people who finally make it to the promised land for a few years. I would be sympathetic to people in this body who want to preserve that high tax rate if they wanted to apply it to the people who, for a lifetime, you might refer to as filthy rich. But for people who are from time to time in that high tax bracket, we ought to recognize the fact that it is punitive for people who have worked hard throughout their lifetime.  If you want to tax the other group of people who were born rich, stay rich, and die rich, then figure out some way of taxing them at a high bracket over a 5-year average or something so you do not hook these people who reach the high bracket for a few years of their life and steal the American dream from them.  I am proud this bipartisan tax bill helps reduce the tax bites of these hard-working, middle-income Americans. I encourage my colleagues to remember that when they offer amendment after amendment, it limits marginal tax cuts. It is these millions of hard-working American families who have borne the brunt of hard work, been productive, raising their family, and providing for their own future. Let's not take it away from them.  I yield the floor.  