  In order to fully evaluate the potential effectiveness of this proposal, it is important to take a look at State fiscal health.  The economic slow-down coupled with increased demands on health care safety net programs is creating major strains on State budgets.  Just this year, 44 States have revenues below original forecasts; 28 States have implemented or considered Medicaid cuts; 7 States have convened special legislative sessions to address budget shortfalls; and 11 States have determined a need for supplemental appropriations for Medicaid.  Today, Medicaid expenditures are 7.5 percent higher than they were in 1999, and on average account for 19.5 percent of State spending. Therefore, Medicaid is a primary target for State budget cutbacks during economic downturns.  States have reported a current cumulative revenue shortfall of $10 billion, and predict this number to continue to grow. Moreover, new and unprecedented State responsibilities for homeland security are exacerbating serious fiscal conditions.  Therefore, any new State Medicaid option, no matter how generous the Federal match, is not an attractive proposal to States.  States simply do not have the resources to take up a new option under the Medicaid program because States cannot absorb the State share of new Medicaid enrollees.  In fact, a spokesperson for the National Governor's Association recently stated that any proposal, including a Medicaid expansion, that requires State funding would have ``zero take-up.''  Aside from the budget constraints that prevent a Medicaid expansion from being a viable health care proposal for dislocated workers, Medicaid expansions are not a timely response to addressing emergencies.  In order to develop a new Medicaid eligibility category, States would have to develop a State plan amendment. This entails a planning period that includes: setting income levels and time frames; creating outreach materials and caseworker training; and obtaining approval from the legislature--assuming the legislature is still in session and many aren't--and finally, getting approval from CMS.  By the time this process runs its course, the 12 month window would likely be over. Even if the 12 month period isn't over, it wouldn't be an immediate benefit either to health coverage or as a fiscal stimulus.  A more immediate and expeditious approach to making health care coverage available to displaced workers would be through the National Emergency Grant program.  This program should be expanded to allow States the opportunity to cover health care premiums, including COBRA premiums, for displaced workers and their dependents.  The National Conference of State Legislatures agrees that flexible Federal funds would be the best approach to empowering States to effectively address State-specific needs of dislocated workers.  There are a number of ways that States could use National Emergency Grant funds to provide immediate health care access to dislocated workers and their families including using State employee health systems to unemployed individuals, utilizing community health centers, or contracting with insurers.  The National Emergency Grant program requires nothing more than a new set of grant criteria allowing States to use funds for health insurance. The NEG proposal is an expedient means of making health coverage available to dislocated workers and their families.  