 President, I am not going to bring up the same issues the Senator from Texas brought up. But I had a chance to listen to his remarks. I share many of the concerns that he has.  Although I have been an enthusiastic supporter of this agreement from day 1 and have not found all of the considerations that he has to specific parts of it, I have reservations about those parts, particularly as they deal with labor and the environment, but to appeal to some extent through an exchange of letters that these issues have been taken care of at least enough to satisfy my concerns to move forward with this legislation.  I speak in favor of the United States-Jordan Free Trade Agreement. I urge my colleagues to support it. But before we move forward, I would like to put this agreement in context--not a context different than other speakers have but to emphasize some things that have already been said.  First of all, this agreement is very important between two countries that have been friends for a long time and that want to maintain that friendship.  It has been almost a year since President Clinton and King Abdulla signed the U.S.-Jordan Free Trade Agreement. By all accounts the agreement should have passed Congress with little controversy.  The Kingdom of Jordan and King Abdullah are good friends of the United States. The agreement itself is a good agreement. It opens up new markets for U.S. exports to Jordan. And it enhances Jordan's access to our markets. But there is one part of the agreement that caused problems.  These are controversial labor and environment provisions that were put in the U.S.-Jordan Free Trade Agreement. It is these labor and environment provisions which slowed passage of an agreement that should have passed both Houses of Congress quickly.  In the Senate legislation was introduced by Max Baucus on March 28, 2001 to implement the agreement. On July 17 the Finance Committee began to debate the bill.  During debate many Members expressed concern about the labor and environment provisions in the Jordan agreement.  Many others pushed hard for an amendment to the agreement which would give the President trade negotiating authority, which was supported very eloquently by the Senator from Nebraska.  Unfortunately, this amendment was withdrawn because of the chairman's opposition.  To help move the agreement forward the U.S. Government and the Government of Jordan exchanged official letters on July 23, 2001.  These important letters clarified that neither government intends to apply the labor and environment provisions in a way which blocks trade.  The exchange of letters was an important development.  After all, the purpose of a free trade agreement is to facilitate trade.  After all, we are talking about an agreement that has the purpose of facilitating trade. That is pretty clear with the term ``free trade agreement''--not to deal with a bunch of social and environmental issues.  While these commitments did not resolve every Senator's concern with the agreement, it was an important step forward.  And because of these letters the Finance Committee was able to complete consideration of the bill on July 26, 2001.  Unfortunately, some tend to characterize the labor and environment provisions in the Jordan FTA as a precedent for future trade legislation.  I want it understood very clearly that I do not accept that, and I want to say that loudly and clearly. This should not be considered as a precedent.  It does not mean that the Jordan free trade agreement in other ways does notset a precedent. It is the first free trade agreement we have entered into with a Muslim country. I hope it is not the last.  I also hope this sends a loud signal to our Muslim friends and our friends around the world. The United States wants close trading relationships with these countries and their people.  We want to help your economies grow through trade.  I think it was President Kennedy who said ``trade, not aid.''  It enhances the prosperity throughout the world generally. But as the Jordan agreement is precedent setting with a Muslim country, we would surely expect it to enhance prosperity throughout the Middle East as well as the entire world benefitting because we all know that free trade is a very powerful engine of growth. It can lift millions out of poverty, as we have seen in the development of this regime since 1947 when these free trade agreements started--and under the GATT process the revitalization of Japan and all of Western Europe. Countries that were poverty stricken 50 years ago are very prosperous today--Japan, Taiwan, South Korea, to name a few.  Their prosperity depends a great deal upon trade. Lifting millions out of poverty also in the process opens the door to new hope for people. It offers opportunity to people who have only known despair.  Trade can help undermine terrorism by taking away the fertile ground of poverty and hopelessness from which that terrorism is sown.  It can broaden horizons and lift human spirits to greatness.  Our friends and allies must know that we share their hope in the future. But trade and the regime for arriving at free trade agreements and further negotiations within the World Trade Organization are a way to show that we put our actions where our mouth is.  It also shows that we have history on our side--that there has been progress made in the past. It can predict the good future that lies ahead as a result of freeing up trade. They must know we will open up our arms and embrace them through trade. Just as trade lifted Germany and Japan from the ashes of World War II, it will lift nations today.  However, we have to have the tools to make it work. One of those tools, as you keep hearing in this debate--and a lot of other places--is the need to give the President of the United States trade promotion authority. We ought to do this in the same apolitical or bipartisan way that it has been done over a long period of time. And this is done because we do not put a lot of preconditions on these negotiations. People of good will sit down to work out their differences, each respecting their own national interests. The President of the United States will not negotiate away the interests of the United States of America and its people.  So it is time to give the President the power to negotiate trade agreements with our friends and our allies, and even with countries that we might not consider our friends and allies, if they are in the World Trade Organization.  The Finance Committee has quite a history of bipartisanship in this area, to give the President what used to be called fast-track trade negotiating authority, now called trade promotion authority.  This type of legislation, over a long period of time, has passed with broad bipartisan support. We in the Senate generally have not waited for others to act. We have seized the reins of leadership and have moved ahead. Today, we need to be doing that as well. I hope I can help move that process along. I hope this bill today helps do that as well. There is bipartisan legislation that is already introduced that would be a good bill for this committee to consider.  At a time when the world economy is slowing, we must act. We must put aside our partisan preconditions and excuses to trade and show the world that the United States is ready, willing, and able to lead.  I thank the Chair and reserve the remainder of what time I did not use for Senator Gramm.  