 We are all here to do the peoples' business. My Republican caucus is here to do the peoples' business. We are in an extraordinary time. Our Nation is at war. Our Commander in Chief, President Bush, is occupied with the war effort. Our responsibilities to the people that sent us here are always high, but, extraordinarily high in this time of war. This is not a time to play political games with the people's business. In my view, we have a high duty to deliver a legislative product to the President on economic stimulus and aid to dislocated workers. I have committed all of my energy to get to the goal line on a package. I believe my chairman, Senator Baucus, also sincerely wants a stimulus package that the President can sign. When you look at the record, however, I am doubtful the Senate Democratic leadership really wants a package.  The President took the lead by proposing economic stimulus measures and a package of aid to dislocated workers. Chairman Greenspan gave us a green light on this effort about 2 months ago. The House passed a bill that the Senate Democrats, with some justification, viewed as partisan. The Senate Democratic leadership then responded with its own partisan bill, shut out all Republicans, and rammed it through the Finance Committee on a party-line vote. That partisan stimulus package dead-ended here on the Senate floor. We were stuck on in a partisan rut for awhile.  After much negotiation, the House and Senate leadership on both sides agreed to an extraordinary procedure. It is what I would call a ``quasi conference.'' This agreement contemplates a conference agreement even though the Senate did not pass a bill on the subject matter. This agreement was a major concession by the House to Senator Daschle's insistence that Democrats have only one negotiation. Keepin mind Senator Daschle insisted on one negotiation with a partisan product that has not passed the Senate because it was designed to be partisan. Republicans accommodated the Senate Democratic leadership. After that agreement was reached, I felt some optimism. It seemed that all sides realized it is our job to get this legislative product to the President. My optimism was a bit premature.  Now, there has been a lot of speculation about whether the Senate Democratic leadership really wants a stimulus deal. Some say that, inspired by Democratic interest groups and strategists, the Senate Democratic leadership has concluded that it is better to have an issue. The speculation is that, armed with polling data, the Senate Democratic leadership has decided on a strategy of covertly killing a stimulus package, while maintaining a public profile of support. If the economy doesn't recover, better to save the issue to use against the President and the other side for the fall 2002 elections. If the economy does recover, from a political standpoint, what is lost. Better to wait and see, the speculation runs, than to give any more tax relief at this time.  Mr. President, such a strategy, if it is the case, is particularly disappointing in wartime. It is a cynical strategy. If true, it short changes American workers and struggling business for an anticipated political shot. It makes economy recovery and aid to dislocated workers secondary to a partisan political objective. I ask, is that how we ought to be operating in wartime? Though I have heard and read this speculation, I had hoped that it was not true.  So, let's say I was a bit shocked when I read the Roll Call article yesterday. After reading the article, I concluded Democratic leaders are traveling back in time. They are regressing, not progressing. They are regressing to earlier contentions that the stimulus package had to be a Democratic product or nothing at all. I thought we had moved past that and on to negotiations to build a bipartisan stimulus package.  Instead, it appears the Democratic leaders don't want any real compromise. First, they have engineered a nearly impossible threshold. Second, they are conducting what appear to be required consultations between the Democratic negotiators and the rest of the Democratic caucus. If they are trying to prevent a stimulus deal, this is the way to do it.  It is important to remember the Senate is split nearly down the middle. There are 50 Democrats, 49 Republicans, and one Independent. Yet the litmus test set up by the Democratic leadership ignores the Senate's makeup. By its terms, this litmus test is designed to limit any agreement to a Democrats-only deal. Because it ignores the reality of an evenly split Senate, this litmus test guarantees failure. If the Democratic leaders really mean what they say, that they want a stimulus bill, I ask them to remove the partisan litmus test.  Any litmus test ought to go to the substance of the package.  Let's get back to the substance. We're not that far apart. Let's not hold the stimulus package and the aid to dislocated workers hostage to an arbitrary and destructive test like the two-thirds rule. I have been flexible on Republican priorities. It is time for the Democratic leadership to show some flexibility on Democratic priorities. The first sign of flexibility will be to remove a barrier, the two-thirds rule, that guarantees failure.  