 President, I take this opportunity to tell my colleagues why the amendment offered by the Senator from Massachusetts is a very bad amendment.  First, I want to make clear that this amendment applies just to IRAs; it does not apply to pensions. In addition, I would like to have people reflect on the position of the Senator from Massachusetts on this amendment and the position on the previous amendment. It seems to me the Senator from Massachusetts is very much in character with his amendment on making sure there is a preservation for the ability of people in bankruptcy to keep health insurance. That, for a long time, has been a concern of his for people who have needed health insurance, maybe couldn't afford it--how to be able to get it to the people. Of course, when bankruptcy steps in, it is very appropriate for him to offer an amendment that would preserve health insurance for people. That would most often fall into the category of his protecting those people who have lesser incomes.  So it is quite out of character for me to respond to the Senator from Massachusetts about an amendment about a provision in this bill where we have a $1 million cap that protects retirement accounts and that you would have to have resources over that $1 million in determining the ability to repay.  As the author of this legislation, I am very embarrassed that I would have in my own legislation a $1 million cap that would say people could protect $1 million from their creditors as they went into bankruptcy. That $1 million cap is in here because I didn't want any cap whatsoever. I had to make an arrangement with Senator Kennedy last year to reach compromise on this matter, and we compromised on $1 million.  In addition, for the Senator from Massachusetts, who never is very often found defending the economic needs of those over $1 million a year in savings and wanting to protect that $1 million from bankruptcy, it seems to me somewhat out of character for him. It makes it a lot easier for me to oppose his amendment that would eliminate the cap on IRA savings.  He argues that the $1 million cap would be difficult to administer because 401(k)s and other retirement rollovers are excepted from this cap. He argues that the cap will be an administrative hassle with no benefit to creditors. I argue that the bankruptcy bill is all about having people who can repay their debts do just that--in other words, pay their debts.  How many times have you heard me say the purpose of this bankruptcy legislation is, for those who are gaming the system, those who are using the bankruptcy laws for financial planning, that if you have the ability to repay, you are no longer going to get off scot-free.  People who have the ability to repay their debts should not be protected just because they have stashed away an IRA account. That is why we have this $1 million cap. I don't even think the cap should be there, but it was part of the compromise last year. We need to have a cap on these savings so that people who can pay will be required to pay a portion of their debts.  I don't think the super-rich should have additional protections just because they can squirrel away their money in a retirement account. The $1 million cap is consistent with our policy of encouraging people to put away money for retirement, but we also need to balance this with a policy that people who buy goods and other merchandise should pay for them if they can. We can't allow deadbeats to get away with stiffing creditors. That is why our bankruptcy bill is here. That is what it is all about: Imposing some responsibility on people who can pay their debts.  I would like to give you an example about abuse of the system. This is from a press report. Dr. Neil Solomon declared bankruptcy after three female patients sued him for sexual misconduct and sought $160 million in damages. Dr. Solomon paid these women less than $100,000, while keeping a home in Baltimore, MD, valued at $323,000, a Mercedes Benz, valued at $42,000, and $2.2 million in a retirement savings account.  Congress should place reasonable limits on the ability of highly compensated persons, such as Dr. Solomon, to shield millions of dollars from creditors simply because the assets are deposited in retirement accounts.  Clearly, Congress never intended for savings in retirement accounts to become safe havens for the wealthy who seek to avoid paying their bills by declaring bankruptcy.  I also point out to my friend from Massachusetts his position is much contrary to his position in regard to the homestead exemption. He says people who can pay their debts should not be able to shelter their assets in a million-dollar homestead. But at the same time, he seems to be saying that people should be able to shelter their assets in $1 million IRA accounts. That is what he is doing right now by lifting that $1 million cap.  Moreover, I don't think the provision in our bill will impose an administrative burden, particularly because the amount of the cap is so high. I don't think it is unworkable, and I doubt that the administrative burden charge will ever materialize.  In addition, I remind my colleagues this is an agreement that was agreed to in the compromise pension bill last year. I didn't want this cap in here, but I took it in the process of doing what I could to alleviate some fears so this legislation could get passed. In other words, we cut a deal, and I hope we stick by this deal. We need to retain the hard limit of $1 million on the amount of IRA money that any person who declares bankruptcy can shield from his or her creditors. Just because it is a retirement account does not mean you can get away from paying your debts with it. This is just plain wrong because this is anti fraud and abuse reform, and it is badly needed. I strongly urge my colleagues to reject the amendment.  I wish to point out that we put the exclusion of rollovers in the bill at the request of the Senator from Massachusetts. So if the Senator is concerned about administrative burdens, we would be happy to take out the exclusion of rollovers. But my point to the Senator from Massachusetts is that we cannot have this both ways.  I also suggest that I was lobbied against any restriction. I was lobbied on the protection of pensions and IRAs from being a source of repayment to creditors--not by individuals going into bankruptcy or people who had strongly felt views as individuals that this money should be protected from the creditors.  The source of interest in this legislation came from the pension and insurance industries of my State who felt they did not want to be bothered by the bankruptcy courts, so they wanted to retain protection for pensions and for IRAs. They tried to make this historical claim that it had always been this way. It is one thing to work on the floor of the Senate to protect the interests of the little guy who is going into bankruptcy; it is also OK to work on the Senate floor to make sure we do preserve the ability of people to retire with dignity. It is quite another thing to protect the interests of those who want to retain a high lifestyle after they have gone into bankruptcy and, at the same time, be in retirement. But it is quite another thing to protect the interests of all the big business companies of America that are writing this business and don't somehow want to deal with the bankruptcy courts.  I ask my colleagues to oppose the amendment by the Senator from Massachusetts. I yield the floor.  