 President, I rise to support the nomination of John Ashcroft, a person with whom I have had the opportunity to serve in the Senate for the 6 years he was here before ending that term after the last election.  I think the President of the United States has selected an outstanding nominee to head up the Justice Department. I look forward to working with him.  Despite the campaign that has been launched against him, he will be approved by a sizable margin so that he can do his work and do it without any guilt whatsoever about any of the accusations that have been made against him. I add my voice in support of his nomination.  Despite these well-publicized, well-financed attempts orchestrated by outside groups to smear his good name, I am thankful Senator Ashcroft will survive this reckless campaign that has snowballed into an avalanche of innuendo, rumor, and spin.  From the moment President Bush announced his choice for U.S. Attorney General, some predictable opponents immediately got to work. They circled their wagons and launched an all-out war on our former colleague and his nomination to be Attorney General.  In their zeal to pick a fight with the new administration, the debate in the Senate has melted down into a feeding frenzy for the left wing which sought in the process to lay down markers for their agenda.  Ironically, the President's nominee for the Nation's top law enforcement office in the country is arguably one of the most qualified candidates this body has ever had the privilege to cast its advice and consent on for the office of U.S. Attorney General. He was twice elected Governor of Missouri, served two terms there as the attorney general, and was for 6 years our colleague--all of that public service is remarkable for a person who will go on to be Attorney General.  He has the academic background and the legal background to also be a good Attorney General.  From the 6 years I had the privilege of working with John Ashcroft in the Senate, I can unequivocally say he is a man of his word. And what is so important about being a man of his word is that the case made against John Ashcroft is that in the Senate he pursued changes in law, he pursued public policies that maybe some did not agree with. But that is the job of a Senator: to vote for or against public policy you think is good on the one hand, bad on the other hand; public policy you might agree with on the one hand or might disagree with on the other hand.  They say he is not qualified to be Attorney General because of a lot of things he did in the Senate, representing his constituents--forthrightly arguing points he believed in, and voting on those points. But has integrity and honesty. And being a man of his word is so important because as Attorney General he will take an oathto uphold the law. He is going to enforce that law, even law with which he does not agree.  He could even be in the position of enforcing some piece of legislation against which he voted on the floor of the Senate because he is a man of his word. And with all the criticism people have had of John Ashcroft, where they disagreed with him as a Senator, and then they criticize him as not being qualified or the right person to be Attorney General, they forget that because he is a man of his word, they have nothing to worry about.  In fact, he is such a man of his word that if he were to tell a fib, you would know it right away. He is that straight laced, that straightforward, that transparent of an individual, that he would tell you the truth because he could not lie. He couldn't get away with lying. And he knows he couldn't get away with lying. That is the sort of a person to have as Attorney General of the United States.  We are going to have a person who is going to be the chief law enforcement officer of the United States. You will never see him being the chief defense counsel for the President of the United States as we have seen over the last 4 or 5 years in the previous administration. John Ashcroft, put in that position, would resign from being Attorney General of the United States.  So the people who are making a case against his being Attorney General, because of votes and speeches and positions he has taken on the floor of the Senate, are comparing apples and oranges; and they are forgetting that a man of his word is going to do what he says, and he takes an oath to uphold the law and enforce that law; and it is going to get done. So I say, once again, he is unequivocally a man of his word.  He testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee that he will enforce the laws of this land, and he is going to do that for all Americans. He said that, and he is going to do it. And his saying that makes me fully confident that he will do so.  He has a sharp command of the law, having filled both shoes of Senator, Governor and state Attorney General. He understands the difference between advancing legislation as a Senator and enforcing the laws on the books as a state Attorney General. And along this line, he has been recognized by the leaders of other States in this area, because he was elected by the National Association of Attorneys General, and elected in another position by the National Governors' Association, to represent and lead their organizations while he was in those two positions for the State of Missouri.  As fellow midwesterners, John and I come from States where agricultural issues are key components of our economy, our culture, and our heritage. We have discussed at length how to address the challenges confronting family farmers in this new century. He shares my concern that we must foster competitive markets and that the family farmer is entitled to a level playing field--the same for independent producers--and he would say, beyond agriculture, fair competition is important for the small business people of America.  He would also say that for passengers in my State who pay extraordinarily high airline tickets to fly from Des Moines, IA, to Chicago, there has to be competition in the airline industry, particularly for rural America.  Based on my experience with Senator Ashcroft's work here in the Senate, I know he is committed to doing what is right for middle America as he enforces these laws that are already on the books. He knows, of course, that I will keep my lines of communication wide open between my office and his when it comes to fighting for the interests of rural America.  In addition to his exemplary professional credentials, there is another issue upon which his supporters and detractors alike agree, and that is, our former colleague, Senator John Ashcroft, is a man of principle. He is a man of his word. Just ask the people of Missouri who, not once but time and time again, placed their trust in him for high statewide elected office.  Senator Ashcroft's career has been stellar. During his career, Senator Ashcroft has worked to establish a number of things to keep all Americans safe and free from criminal activity.  For example, last year Senator Ashcroft introduced a bill to prohibit juveniles from possessing assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition clips. The Senate overwhelmingly passed this Ashcroft legislation. He also voted for the Gun-Free Schools Zone Act that prohibits the possession of a firearm within a school zone. Because the Clinton Justice Department had not made gun prosecutions a priority, Senator Ashcroft led the charge in directing the Justice Department to increase the prosecution of crimes committed with guns. In fact, he sponsored legislation to authorize $50 million to hire additional Federal prosecutors and law enforcement officers to increase Federal prosecution of criminals who use guns.  John Ashcroft's efforts against drug abuse and trafficking are equally as impressive. A leader in the national fight against the scourge of methamphetamine, John Ashcroft won enactment of the Comprehensive Methamphetamine Control Act of 1996, among other antidrug laws he got passed.  Senator Ashcroft has fought hard for the rights of women and to protect them from domestic abuse. He signed into law a bill, when he was Governor, that allowed women accused of homicide to present battered spouse syndrome evidence in the court in that State. He cosponsored, at the Federal level, the Violence Against Women Act that helped secure $100 million in increased funding to combat violence against women.  He voted for legislation that prohibits any person convicted of even misdemeanor acts of domestic violence from possessing a firearm.  As Governor, Senator Ashcroft appointed women to the State's appellate courts, including the first two women to the Missouri Court of Appeals and the first woman to the Missouri Supreme Court.  In regard to the tactics used against him, deploying distortion and demagoguery to advance their own agenda, groups inside the beltway, who probably have felt very secure for the last years because they had somebody in the White House who would advance their agenda, now feel a little shut out. They have banded together to engineer a controversy about John Ashcroft where none exists. They rushed to cast judgment, and in the process his opponents sought to paint John Ashcroft as a racist, as somebody tainted by his principles and unfit to lead the Department of Justice.  Obviously, in my view, these critics have been unable to make their case, and I think when this vote is taken, we will find out that they did not make their case.  Despite his critics' best efforts, accusations of racism and bias have not stuck. In fact, throughout his career, Senator Ashcroft has tried to protect the rights of minorities. He signed the Missouri hate crimes bill into law, and in the Senate he held the first-ever hearing on racial profiling. As Governor, he appointed a number of minority judicial candidates. His by-the-book approach to governing rises above and way beyond the decibel level of his detractors, the 200-some organizations that have banded together to make this clean-cut, honest American, great public servant, out to be some very bad person.  It is sad that the aggressive publicity generated by the special interest groups to derail this nomination has painted an unfair image of John Ashcroft in the minds of too many Americans. For example, contrary to the controversy surrounding the nomination to the Federal bench of Ronnie White, John Ashcroft does not have a racist bone in his body. If his opponents are keeping track of his support for black judges, it is ironic that they didn't care to publicize the fact that he, as Senator, voted for 26 out of 28 judges of African American descent. He nominated the first black judge to the appellate court as Governor of Missouri, and the St. Louis Black Bar Association praised him for diversity in his court appointments. The trumped-up charges of racism and bias took on a life of their own, but in fact they ring very hollow when we pull back the curtain of his opponents' red hot rhetoric.  In recent years, misrepresentations and baldfaced lies coming out of Washington have eroded the electorate's faith and trust in public officials, including all of us. Thankfully, that is not the way the majority of the American people operate. To the majority ofthe American people, the end does not always justify the means. In fact, seldom is that true. But in the case of this opposition to John Ashcroft, any means is justified for the end they want--to let their grassroots members back home know that even though they don't have the President of the United States always carrying their agenda, as they did the last 8 years, they are going to be a force in this town. And they are a force in this town.  They are also telling Members of Congress, particularly left-of-center Members of Congress: You are on a short leash. We have to be reckoned with. Don't toy around with playing with the Republicans too much or a Republican President. It is also going to help them tremendously with their fund-raising. That is what is at stake here.  The majority of Americans do not operate that way. Not even a majority of their own rank-and-file members at the grassroots operate that way. I was a member of a labor union from 1961 to 1971. If there is one thing I learned as a member of the labor union--and I was voluntarily a member of the labor union because in my State, we have the right-to-work law, you don't have to join--I found out that the political agenda of the labor union leadership of Detroit or Washington, DC, did not represent the political philosophy of my members on the assembly line at the Waterloo Register Company in Cedar Falls, IA. They may have represented our economic interests of collective bargaining, but they did not represent the political interests of the commonsense, conservative blue-collar workers. It is the very same way with a lot of these organizations. When we go back to the grassroots of our States and interact with the rank-and-file members of a lot of these organizations, they do not treat us in our State the way these leaders might treat us out here, as evidenced by the fact of how they treat John Ashcroft. Misrepresentations and baldfaced lies that are used by this group are not the way my friend and neighbor, John Ashcroft, has built up an impeccable record of honest public service. His rock-solid integrity, legal background, and proven ability to uphold and enforce the law will restore the mission of the Justice Department.  It is clear to me that despite his personal beliefs, Senator Ashcroft has proven his ability to uphold the law without the influence of personal bias. For example, as Missouri attorney general, John Ashcroft protected the confidentiality of abortion records maintained by the Missouri Department of Health, even when they were requested by pro-life groups. He has voiced his opposition to violence and his belief that, regardless of his personal views on abortion, people should be able to enter abortion clinics safely. That is the law of the land. Senator Ashcroft's views on abortion are known. But as Attorney General, those laws would not be something that he could change, as one could as a legislator. As a Senator, as a policymaker, he could change some things he might not agree with and I may not agree with. It is still the law of the land, and we live by it.  Senator Ashcroft believes that people who commit acts of violence and intimidation should be punished to the fullest extent of the law. He knows that if you are going to have a civil society, you cannot tolerate violence on the part of pro-life people any more than you can tolerate violence on the part of union leaders on the picket line.  I conclude by saying that everyone in this institution comes to the Senate with a set of ideals and principles that serve as their guiding compass. Whether it is based upon conservatism, liberalism, or something else, or something in between, each of us in this Chamber has the privilege and responsibility to cast votes of conscience. When the Presiding Officer calls the yeas and nays on this nomination, I hope that the avalanche of unproven criticism will be put to rest as a result of that vote.  I want us to confirm John Ashcroft as our next Attorney General. I have listened to the opponents of John Ashcroft speak here. I have not heard every one of the speeches, but I had an opportunity to be on a television program with a colleague of mine from the other side of the aisle who is going to vote against this nomination, the Senator from Indiana, Mr. Bayh, a person of outstanding ethics, honesty, and moral values. His dad served in this Senate, was an outstanding leader and a person of moral and high ethical values as well.  I would vote for Senator Bayh to be Attorney General of the United States, if a Democrat President nominated him, because he is just the sort of person who, when you look at him, you just know this guy is not going to do something that is wrong. You know he is going to enforce the law.  I hope all of the people who are upright and of strong conviction on the other side, people who have high moral and ethical values--and I know my colleagues on the other side to be in that category--I hope they vote for John Ashcroft to be Attorney General. I could cast a vote for them as well for Attorney General, not because they are my colleagues, but because of what I have seen in their lives. I hope they truly have seen what is in John Ashcroft's life. And I hope those that are against him will have a little guilty feeling about voting against him, unless I see them differently from the way they are and I have been mistaken about John Ashcroft. But I haven't been mistaken about John Ashcroft, and I haven't been mistaken about my colleagues from the other side as well. I just hope there is a lot of soul searching in the next few hours before we vote because I think this Senator is entitled to an overwhelming vote of support to become the next Attorney General of the United States.  I yield the floor.  