 President, I thank the Senator from Montana for his kind remarks. More important, I thank him for the cooperation that has been going on since day 1 of this year that we have been working together, bringing to culmination this vote and, eventually, a conference report that we hope will successfully pass the Senate a second time and go to the President with the largest tax cut for working men and women in our country.  In addition to that, this is within the tradition of how the Senate Finance Committee works. I think I have served in the Senate when we had as many as 55 Republicans and as little as 42 Republicans; and in any of those circumstances, the products of the Senate Finance Committee, whatever party controlled it, for the most part, were overwhelmingly bipartisan. On the other hand, if it were not that way, there would not be much chance of getting a bill through this body with 100 Members of the Senate.  I thank the number of people who voted for this bill on final passage. I am not sure I expected that large a number of votes. I expected a sizable number of Democrats, but many more voted than I anticipated. Quite frankly, I didn't expect to get every Republican vote, which we did in the final analysis. I thank all of my colleagues who voted for the bill. Those who didn't vote for it, I thank them very much for their cooperation in letting this come to final passage, even though they did not like it.  So with passage of the RELIEF Act, I feel that struggling families will have more money to make ends meet. Parents and students will be able to more easily afford the cost of a college education. A successful businesswoman will be able to expand and hire more people. A father finally getting a good paycheck after years of work will be able to provide for his aging mother. A farmer won't have to worry about passing on to his children the family farm without selling half of the land, maybe, for estate taxes. The examples are endless, but the great benefits that we realize when we give tax relief to working men and women are great.  I thank many members of the committee staff, both Republican and Democrat. Most of all, I think we have to thank the members of the Finance Committee--each one--for sitting through 10 hours of debate. Roughly a week ago now, we worked day and night to get that bill through. I thank my Finance Committee staff, Mark Prater, with me here, our chief tax counsel; and other tax counsels, including Ed McClellan, Brig Pari, Elizabeth Paris, who is here with me; Dean Zerbe, as well as Diann Howland. These individuals have been the workhorses of the committee, keeping the lights burning long into the night to make this final product the statutory language that it is and the perfection that statutory language must have.  I also thank the entire staff support, particularly Gina Falconio, Leah Shimp, Jeanne Haggerty, and Carla Martin. Lastly, on my side, I thank Kolan Davis and Ted Totman, the committee staff director and deputy staff director, for riding herd on all of this work.  This is a bipartisan bill. It would not have been possible without the close work and cooperation at the staff level. So as chairman of the committee, I have to appreciate and thank the minority staff for their good work, particularly Russ Sullivan, chief tax counsel; as well as Cary Pugh, Pat Heck, Maria Freese, Frank Rodriguez, and Mitchell Kent. In addition, I thank John Angell and Mike Evans for their time and hard work as leaders of the staff for the Democrats.  Let me extend my thanks as well to a person who is not very public--Lindy Paull and her staff at the Joint Committee on Taxation, who probably want to be known for their anonymity. They provide a great deal of extensive knowledge and guidance to this effort, particularly not only in writing but also in their analysis of the cost of legislation--what different policies add up to particular income into the Federal Treasury or less income into the Federal Treasury.  Then I think we should not forget the Assistant Secretary for Tax Policy, Mark Weinberger, and his staff for their assistance because even though they don't have a vote on Capitol Hill, there is a lot of expertise at the U.S. Department of Treasury that this committee--the Senate Finance Committee--has on a regular basis called upon for analysis for their opinions, and also to some extent to give us a view of the executive branch of Government as one more issue in consideration that we ought to have.  My thanks also goes to Jim Fransen and Mark Mathiesen and their capable staff and legislative counsel for taking our ideas and drafting them into statutory language.  Then, finally, as Senator Baucus has done, I thank people on his side of the aisle who worked so hard as leaders of the Senate Finance Committee or Senate Budget Committee. I also believe that we would not be here if we had not had a successful budget resolution passed to make room for this third largest tax cut in 50 years, the largest tax cut in the last 20 years. So I thank Senator Pete Domenici and his staff director, Bill Hoagland, and the entire Budget Committee staff for their assistance. They were assistants to me during this deliberation, as Senator Conrad was for Senator Baucus, but also that sort of leadership provided the budget resolution.  This is a historical bill for historical times, and I am honored and privileged to be a part of it. Once again, as Senator Baucus has said so often, and I have said often, I hope this spirit of bipartisanship continues, as it has, as a tradition in the Finance Committee through our leadership but will also be a standard for other work we do in the Finance Committee; more importantly, that it is something which is contagious, and that there will be closer working relationships and more bipartisanship between all Senators and the products of the Senate.  We go to conference now, and there again we are going to have to produce legislation that hopefully gets the same bipartisan support this bill did. If it is something a little less than that, it can't be much less. I don't want to be gambling that we will get 51 votes when we come to the floor of the Senate after the negotiations are done. I want to make sure that when we come to the floor, we come to the floor in a way that, before we bring the bill up, we have bipartisanship.  The fact is there aren't a lot of Democrats voting for this bill. We can't take for granted the 62 people who have voted for it already.  I wish we could. It would make for a very easy conference. We go there now to negotiate with the other body. I thank the Chair.  