 President, I yield myself such as I might consume.  I appreciate the concern of the Senator from West Virginia about Social Security. The budget resolution provides for protection for Social Security and Medicare. The relief act, in my opinion, does not jeopardize these programs. Rather, I suggest the relief act strengthens these critical programs because we have a strong, growing economy that is going to result from making sure that we keep resources with the taxpayers for them to invest and spend; thus, doing much more good than if the Government keeps those resources. A growing economy is the best guarantee for Social Security and Medicare's long-term solvency.  I will talk briefly about the fact that we have had concern expressed in the media about some of these very same things that the Senator from West Virginia has visited about--the long-term needs of all programs, including Social Security and Medicare. I think the editorial writers, as I have read them, just over the weekend, and as late as this morning, are in a frenzy about this tax cut that they need not be in. But they can't seem to make up their minds. One day we are criticized because the $1,000 child credit is not indexed for inflation. Then the next day we are attacked because the tax cut is too expensive in the outyears.  Maybe what is really happening is the media is just against reduction of taxes. This is kind of like Goldilocks, I would say, when they first say it is too hot and then it is too cold. But I fear that, unlike Goldilocks, there is no tax cut that is just right for the elite of our media because they want no tax cuts whatsoever. They honestly believe the Federal Government creates wealth, that it is better for a political determination of more money of how the resources are divided rather than letting the marketplace do it.  Somehow, I think they feel ignored as we debate this tax bill. It is like the media crying about Social Security and Medicare. When all else fails, I think it is their goal to raise so many questions that senior citizens so ponder the situation of the budget, whether or not there is security there, long-term security for Social Security and Medicare, it ends up scaring them needlessly.  In the process of our debate, obviously, when you look ahead 10 years--and I said this last week during the debate, so I am not saying it just because the Senator from West Virginia brought it up--in 1regard to the long-term projections of the fiscal condition of the Federal Government, meaning how much money is going to come in and how much we are going to spend on existing programs over the next 10 years, it is legitimate to be cautious.  On the other hand, we are making judgments based on 10-year forecasts. We recently heard about the Reagan tax cuts in 1981, 20 years ago. At that particular time, we were only looking ahead 5 years. I do not think it has entered into this debate, but I know as a fact in 1963, when President Kennedy had tax cuts, they only looked ahead 1 year. Looking ahead 1 year in 1963, looking ahead 5 years in 1981, or looking ahead 10 years in the year 2001, as imprecise as it is to look ahead, although I have to say the people who work on this are getting better at it than they were during the 1980s--but looking ahead 10 years has to be considered more fiscally responsible in our spending and taxing policies than looking ahead just 5 years 20 years ago or looking ahead just 1 year in 1963.  People might wonder why I am talking about 1963, 1981, and 2001. These are the three biggest tax relief measures passed by Congress in the last 50 years.  All I am saying is, nobody knows what the future holds, but we are making a tax relief decision for working men and women based upon these 10-year projections. We ought to give some credit to the people who work so hard to make those projections so that we in Congress can be more--I do not know whether the word ``certain'' is correct--so we can at least attempt to be more precise as we make policy for the long term. That is all we are doing.  I ask people to consider that in the historical approach as we try to do a better job of making public policy decisions.  I yield the floor.  