 President, this morning, and a lot of times during this debate over the next 4 or 5 months on tax legislation, we will hear a lot of economic arguments. I don't want to detract from those economic arguments as not being good arguments, but I think they are tailored to fit the pattern of people who have a political philosophy that believes more money running through the Federal budget, and through the Federal Treasury, as a percent of our gross domestic product is a better thing to do.  They believe that a political decision made by Senators and Congressmen and a President on the distribution of goods and services within our country is better than leaving the money in the pockets of the men and women who are working in America to pay those taxes to decide how that money should be spent. We may not talk about it enough, but our philosophy for those of us who are fighting for tax relief for every taxpayer in America is that we believe there is more economic good done for America--and creating jobs in America and having a better life in America--if the money does not come through the Federal Treasury; or at least if less of it comes through theFederal Treasury and more is spent and invested by individual working men and women, entrepreneurs, and people who create jobs; or even if the money is spent by consumers. We believe that by having the marketplace and willing buyers and sellers make that determination of how the money should be divided creates more jobs, and turns over many more times in the economy than if the money comes through the Federal Treasury, and there is a political decision on how it should be distributed.  Those are honest political and philosophical differences between our political parties. They are honest differences, but one has great faith in government to make decisions; the other one, mine, has great faith in individuals to make decisions. My philosophy will create more jobs. Since government does not create wealth, government distributes wealth or expends wealth, there aren't as many jobs created in the process. When the government actually creates a job, it is a job that consumes taxpayers' money, not creating wealth.  These economic arguments are very good, but I feel more comfortable applying a little basic common sense to the whole argument of a tax cut; a little common sense to offset a lot of Washington nonsense. It is common sense that we have a tax surplus. We haven't had a tax surplus except in the last 4 or 5 years. Before that, I have to admit, Congress was very fiscally irresponsible with budget deficits. We had some tax surplus in the Social Security account, and we still have it, but it was meant to cover up irresponsible spending on the other side. That is behind us now that we have had a new Congress for the last 6 years, going on 7. We have not only budget surpluses, but surpluses beyond budget surpluses; those are tax surpluses.  It has reached a point, because of automatic bracket creep, where people earn more and they are put in higher brackets. That money is coming in at historically high levels of taxation. Automatic bracket creep comes because people get put in a higher bracket and there isn't enough reduction in the tax brackets through the inflationary adjustment to offset that. Consequently, we have automatic tax increases on people without a vote of Congress. As a result of bracket creep as well as other enacted tax increases, taxes are now at 20.6 percent of gross domestic product, whereas over a 50-year period of time it was somewhere between 18.5 and 19.5. Historically, the economy has adjusted itself to that level of taxes. I think the people have accepted it as a reasonable rate of taxation. But they don't accept this historical high of 20.6 percent. That is why we are having the demand for tax relief for every taxpayer.  Common sense dictates if we are going to keep this level of taxation up, that it is going to be burning holes in the pockets of Senators, Congressmen, and even Presidents to get spent. Those expenditures are generally on a continuing basis and an obligation always on the Federal Treasury. We want to discourage the level of expenditures growing as it did over the last 3 years, an average of 6 percent, twice the rate of inflation; or last year, 11.9 percent, three times the rate of inflation. That is not sustainable because taxes aren't coming in at that level. Even if they were coming in at that level, we would not want to have the level of expenditures that high because sometime there will be a downturn in the economy, and when that income goes down, expenditures don't go down to adjust to the income of the Federal Treasury.  Common sense dictates we have to take some money out of Washington, DC, and leave it in the pockets of the taxpayers of America so we aren't the overtaxed nation that we are, that we are more where the historical level of taxation has been for 50 years.  Now is the time to do that, to make up for the real bracket creep we have had, these automatic tax increases we have had, where we have reached the point where the average taxpayer is spending more on food, clothing, and shelter than they are spending on taxes. We will give tax relief to working men and women, to taxpayers in America, because of this high level of taxation, because we don't want money burned up in Washington, DC. We want to keep the money out of Washington, DC, leaving it in the taxpayers' pockets.  There is 50 years of common sense behind that because that has been the level of taxation, 18 to 19 percent of the gross national product.  We need to understand the taxpayers trust themselves with the money more than they trust the Internal Revenue Service. We will hear the tax relief that I am talking about is labeled a risky scheme. The only scheme is Washington's insatiable appetite for more and more of the working men and women's hard-earned tax dollars.  There is a threat, we are told, that we can't continue to pay down the national debt. We can continue to pay down the national debt. We will continue to pay down the national debt. We are going to continue to pay down the national debt until we get to that point where Chairman Greenspan has advised that you can't pay down any more national debt because there is about $1 trillion of the national debt that is held by individuals who want the security of the Federal Treasury for their savings. They have bought 30- year Treasury bonds, and about $1 trillion of those are not callable. In about 6 or 7 years, we are going to reach the point where there is money coming into the Federal Treasury, that if these bonds are not callable, you don't pay down the national debt anymore, you start having the Federal Government invest in the stock market, buying other bonds, buying other stock, or at the very least, as the law requires now, to invest in federally insured financial institutions and then have an inordinate political impact upon the economy when that enormous transfer of billions and billions of dollars is put into the private banking system. That caution is not urged by Senator Grassley. That caution is urged by Chairman Greenspan.  I assure people we are going to continue to pay down on the national debt. Taxes are so high we have reached the point where a two-wage-earner family, particularly if they are middle-income or below, one-wage earner is working to put food on the table and a roof over the head and just to provide for the family; the other one is working to pay for the Washington bureaucracy. That isn't how a family gets ahead.  For a family with a $50,000-a-year income--this will probably be a two-wage-earner family; it wouldn't have to be but it could be--but for a $50,000 income family of four, their taxes now are about $4,000, on average. Under the President's proposal they drop down to $2,000. Consequently, that will leave in the pockets of those working men and women income for them to decide on their own how that money can be better used, whether it is saved for college education, pay more down on credit card debt, pay more down on the house mortgage. They may want to spend it, but that family making a determination of how to spend it is going to do more good for the entire U.S. economy than anything else.  We have also been urged this morning: Don't get locked into a tax cut--this is where the trigger mechanism comes in--and that maybe we ought to have automatic increases in taxes for 4 or 5 years down the road in case something unpredictable happens.  We do not need to worry about that. Common sense tells me that it is easier for Congress to increase taxes than to decrease taxes. We do not have to have an automatic trigger. It is not good for the economy to have it anyway because working men and women are going to perform according to the predictability of the Tax Code, and we should make sure it is predictable.  My time is up. I assure my colleagues, we do not have to worry about triggers because we have only had two tax decreases in 20 years, but we have had Congress vote tax increases in 1982, 1984, 1986, 1990, and the biggest tax increase in the history of the country under President Clinton in 1993. So we do not need an automatic trigger. If we need to increase taxes, Congress can do it, and common sense tells me that we will do it. I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Thomas). The Senator from Wyoming.  