 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume.  I apologize to Senator Baucus because I was not here to hear his statement. I am glad he was able to go ahead and proceed with his opening statement. I also appreciate Senator Baucus' cooperation during the hearing and, more importantly, to be able to bring this nomination to the floor without our committee meeting.  Obviously, I am going to support President Bush's nomination of Robert Zoellick to the position of U.S. Trade Representative. As chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, I am pleased to report to my distinguished colleagues that Robert Zoellick is uniquely qualified to represent the United States in an extremely important position--important because the trade negotiations that will take place in the year 2001. As far as the trade negotiations that are ongoing, similar to the China wall, they never stop.  They just go on and on.  I want to go into some detail about Mr. Zoellick's impressive professional qualifications for a very demanding and highly sensitive Cabinet post. One of the questions I asked him in the private meeting in my office was whether or not he was prepared to spend this much time away from home. There is much time away from family because there is a tremendous commitment to travel with this job besides the policymaking. You get the impression that these people who do our trade negotiations just never have any private time whatsoever. Obviously, when he takes on a demanding job such as this, we know he is committed to doing what needs to be done.  Before I go into his impressive professional background, I would like to say a word about his performance at his Senate Finance Committee nomination hearing. That was on January 30.  I think it is fair to say that Members on both sides of the aisle were highly impressed with Mr. Zoellick's thorough command of complex trade issues, with his broad visions of America's historic leadership role in the whole international trade regime, and with his understanding of the close cooperation required between the legislative and executive branches of government in crafting and implementing an effective U.S. trade policy.  The nature of trade issues Congress will deal with this year clearly requires that a person of Mr. Zoellick's stature and ability be the U.S. Trade Representative.  In regard to working closely with Congress, understand that Congress has the authority to regulate international, or what you call interstate, and foreign commerce. We guard this very jealously. We have to, in the process of doing that under the practicality of 535 Members of Congress and negotiating with 138 different countries in the World Trade Organization on the issues of reducing tariff and nontariff trade barriers or settling any sort of dispute. From time to time, Congress has given the President of the United States the authority to do that in negotiation. But we do it with a very tight rein. I suppose in the future it will be even more of a tighter rein. That requires a person in Mr. Zoellick's position as U.S. Trade Representative to work very closely with the Congress, particularly the Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee, consulting with us on a regular basis. That consultation,as I have seen in the past, has made the executive branch of government responsive to Members of Congress; more importantly, respectful of our constitutional rights as we guard them. It is our responsibility to do that not only for the economic interests of our constituents but for the sole fact that we take an oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States.  I will mention a few of the challenges that face Mr. Zoellick, and then I will go into why Mr. Zoellick is ideally suited to deal with them.  One important trade challenge right around the corner is the free trade area of the Americas negotiations.  The objective of these talks, which are supposed to conclude in 2005, is to create a single free trade zone of nearly 700 million people, stretching from the Arctic Ocean in the North, to Tierra del Fuego in the South.  The free trade area is the single most important economic initiative we have undertaken with Latin America since President Kennedy launched the Alliance for Progress in 1961.  Latin America is our fastest growing regional trade partner. Roughly 46 percent of all the goods manufactured in this country are exported to our own hemisphere. We export large amounts of our agricultural products to the FTAA countries as well.  Our continued prosperity, and our leadership in world trade, clearly rests on the success of these talks.  But when you see the concentration of trade in the Western Hemisphere, you know why these talks are singularly important.  Yet despite the obvious importance of the FTAA, there is little agreement on the major issues under discussion. It's time to get these talks moving again. And it's time for the United States to resume its leadership in trade not only in the Western Hemisphere but in all areas.  The FTAA Ministerial Conference is coming up in Buenos Aires in the first week in April. Two weeks after the FTAA Ministerial, the United States will attend the Third Summit of the Americas in Quebec City.  Mr. Zoellick knows how important U.S. leadership is in getting the FTAA talks headed in the right direction.  And more importantly, he has the skills and the background to get the job done.  What about these skills?  For example, while serving in the former Bush administration, Mr. Zoellick played a key role in the NAFTA process. At one point during the NAFTA negotiations, when the talks weren't going well, Mr. Zoellick served as a special channel with then President Salinas of Mexico to keep the negotiations on track.  Also during the former Bush administration, Mr. Zoellick served as Counselor of the Department of State, and Under Secretary of State for Economics. At the State Department, he helped launch APEC, the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation group for advancing trade and prosperity in that region.  The creation of APEC was a tremendous achievement. It is a highly successful international trade and economic forum. APEC's main agenda is to dismantle trade and investment barriers in the region, to strengthen an open, multilateral trading system, and to encourage constructive interdependence by encouraging the flow of goods, services, capital, and technology.  Mr. Zoellick's central role in launching APEC clearly demonstrates his deep commitment to the principle of international cooperation that is at the heart of America's leadership in promoting global free trade.  It also demonstrates his broad vision, and his ability to accomplish big things.  In recognition of his outstanding service to his country, Mr. Zoellick received the Distinguished Service Award, the State Department's highest honor.  Another important trade challenge this year is to launch a new round of multilateral trade negotiations at the WTO Ministerial to be held later this year in Qatar.  The failure of the Seattle WTO Ministerial was a terrible embarrassment for the United States, and a major setback for trade liberalization around the world than we now realize 18 months later.  The collapse of the Seattle talks was also a major setback for American agriculture. Without a comprehensive new round of global trade negotiations, it will be extremely difficult for American agriculture to gain access to new markets, and to get rid of the trade-distorting subsidies and barriers that shut our agricultural producers out of foreign markets.  If we lose the momentum for the liberalization of world agricultural markets that we gained with the successful conclusion of the Uruguay Round of trade negotiations, we may never be able to recover.  Here too, Mr. Zoellick's experience demonstrates that he is the right person for the job of U.S. Trade Representative.  In 1992, when it looked like the fundamental disagreement between the European Union and the United States over agricultural trade liberalization would end the Uruguay Round in failure, Mr. Zoellick helped forge the Blair House Accord, the compromise agriculture agreement that broke the negotiation logjam, and saved the Uruguay Round, not just for agriculture but for other segments of the economy that was held by them.  Thanks to Mr. Zoellick's efforts in crafting the Blair House accord, negotiators then immediately were able to clear the political hurdles that brought about an agreement.  As a result, the World Trade Organization agreement on agriculture represents the first serious step toward reform of the international rules governing trade in agricultural products. That agreement is now the spring board for current efforts to further liberalize world agricultural trade. Other trade challenges beyond agriculture that Mr. Zoellick and the Congress will be dealing with include the United States-Jordan Free-Trade Agreement, the United States-Vietnam Trade Agreement, we have the Singapore free-trade negotiations, and on December 5th of last year we began the Chile free-trade negotiations. Those latter two are on the table. We would expect perhaps some conclusion shortly.  Mr. Zoellick's record of achievement clearly demonstrates he has the ability to handle those which might be called lesser issues because they are bilateral but still very important.  During his distinguished career, he has led various bilateral trade negotiations with the European Union, with Korea and other nations, but most importantly they involved the structural impediment initiative with the country of Japan.  I will say a word about another tough trade challenge, one that will involve, hopefully, this Congress. As chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, I can help move it along. We had discussions with Senator Baucus about that, even this week, about how he and I can get together and try to solve some of the things involved with giving the President negotiating authority; in other words, that authority which allows a President to move forward and finalize a multilateral or WTO-involved trade agreement. It is very important to have that even for bilateral agreements but perhaps less important for bilateral than for the multinational, multilateral negotiations. It will be very difficult to write this legislation. We shouldn't have any illusions that it will be easy to accomplish. I can't think of a single thing more important to restoring America's leadership in trade and to preserving America's negotiating credibility.  It is certainly true, as many have pointed out, that the United States can start negotiations without the President having trade negotiating authority. We know this from our experience during the Uruguay Round when it took 2 years to get legislation renewing the President's trade negotiating authority through Congress after the Uruguay Round started. But doing it that way misses the point. The President--not just this President, any President--needs negotiating authority from Congress because his negotiating credibility is diminished, sometimes a little, most often a lot, without that grant of authority from Congress. That is as true at the start of formal trade negotiations as it is at the conclusion--maybe a little less at the beginning than at the end.  We would all be better off if we could have the President go to the table with Congress saying here is what we want you to do for us; here is how we wantyou to keep in touch with us so we can represent the people, our constituents, and the leeways that we might give on final negotiations when we get something we can pass.  This is sometimes referred to as fast track. It is innovation. We all remember from history, designed in large part as a response to the diminished U.S. negotiation credibility that resulted from the failure of Congress to implement some of the trade agreements concluded during the Kennedy Round. Here again I think Mr. Zoellick can play a very important role. I think he has a record that speaks for itself.  Other than U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills, Mr. Zoellick spent more time with the Congress than any other administration official to get fast track authority passed in 1991. I have confidence in Mr. Zoellick's ability to work with Congress, to get a bill renewing the President's trade negotiating authority through Congress. We need to at least start that process, even though it is a very difficult process, and do it soon. That is the conversation that Senator Baucus and I have had to this point.  I conclude with why I view Mr. Zoellick's nomination with enthusiasm. It is a very extraordinary record and has some length. I have looked carefully at what he has done during the past 20 years in promoting America's trade interests. That record tells me Mr. Zoellick understands that trade matters to every American. It matters to the farmers in my hometown of New Hartford, IA, who want to sell his or her grain in the international markets. It matters to the Caterpillar workers in Illinois who make tractors for sale in Asia, Europe, and America. It matters to John Deere workers in Waterloo, IA. One out of five jobs on that assembly line are related to export. These are very good jobs and on average, jobs connected with trade, pay 15 percent above the national average.  It matters to the Boeing employees in the State of Washington who make state-of-the-art aircraft for every major world aircraft maker. It matters to the radio workers who make avionics in Cedar, IA, that go into these Boeing airplanes. It is going to involve their jobs, as well. Trade is very important in almost every State. But 40 percent of our agricultural products are exported. I don't have a dollar value on that, but I know for manufacturing and services, the dollar value of those exports is many times what it is for agriculture. Perhaps most importantly, open international markets increasingly matter to millions of very small entrepreneurs as well. These are the people who compete for business every day, wherever they find it, anywhere in the world.  Bob Zoellick understands that all of these Americans, whether they toil on the farm, whether they punch the time clock at the assembly line, or whether they work in the high-tech new economy, are able, through these jobs, which are better jobs because of international trade, to pay their mortgage; they are able to support their families; and they are able to make their communities better places to live.  I believe Mr. Zoellick has already shown himself to be an eminent public servant with an outstanding record of leadership in trade policy who has already served his country well. I have come to know him and to respect him. I know that my distinguished colleagues on both sides of the aisle will as well.  As chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, I strongly urge my distinguished colleagues to vote to confirm this nomination and appoint this outstanding individual to America's most important international trade position.  I yield the floor.  