 Under normal circumstances, I would just let these types of remarks go unanswered as typical political rhetoric, tinged with inflammatory untruths. But these days are hardly normal circumstances because the Senate is not working in its usual bipartisan way. So I want to respond to those remarks.  The American people have called upon us to act, both in the defense of our country and to restore our economy. Everyone in this Chamber recognizes the impact of the horrific events of September 11 and their impact on the economy.  Republicans and Democrats have different ideas on the best way to stimulate the economy. There is nothing new about this. They merely represent different approaches to the same problem.  For the past month and a half, I have been pleading with Democrats to find the common ground in our differing approaches. The American people expect us to work together to find common ground for our Nation's common good. Stimulating the economy and winning the war on terrorism is the most immediate. This can and must be done, and it will be done before we adjourn for this year.  But just when we hope that constructive bipartisanship can begin, it is slapped down by the type of accusations that were made yesterday by the Senator from California. I would like to state what has been stated by Senator Boxer.  Senator Boxer said the Republican approach for stimulating the economy was using the events of September 11 to--and I quote--``pay back'' its ``biggest contributors.''  She called the Republican approach ``nothing less than unpatriotic.''  As I said, normally I would dismiss such reckless remarks as typical politics, designed to pit American against American to gain a political edge. But these are not normal times. These are times when Americans expect us to work together.  What is truly shocking, and offensive for that matter, in the Senator's comments is that many items in the Republican Senate caucus proposal are items that were recommended by Chairman Greenspan, former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin, or are included in Senator Baucus's Democratic proposal.  Bonus depreciation, small business expensing, net operating loss carrybacks, cash payments to taxpayers--tax rebates, if you want to call them that--enhanced unemployment benefits, additional health insurance coverage, are all areas that are contained in both a Republican proposal and a Democrat proposal. These are areas of common ground. So to call the Republican approach ``unpatriotic'' is destructive. It is a distortion.  Most disturbing is the Senator's own admission that her accusations are baseless. When stating that the House economic stimulus bill was a ``reward to their biggest contributors,'' Senator Boxer said--and I quote--``It is how I feel. It is my opinion. It's not a fact.''  This type of inflammatory rhetoric is useless. It does nothing to further America's economic recovery, and it does nothing to further a bipartisan solution, a solution that is absolutely necessary for the Senate to get to a final product.  I hope, for the sake of the American people, this sort of nonsense will stop. It is time to put dignity back into the debates of the Senate Chamber.  Senator Boxer did have two specific objections to the House bill. It was the House bill she objected to, not the Senate bill. The House bill is not the Republican Senate caucus proposal. They differ significantly, including with regard to two issues to which Senator Boxer objects. Nonetheless, when a Senator expresses concern about a legislative proposal, the Senator's concerns should be addressed in a responsible and dignified manner. That is what I would like to do.  Senator Boxer objected to accelerating the income tax cuts scheduled to occur in 2004 and 2006. She also objected to alternative minimum tax relief for American businesses. I will explain why the Republican caucus believes those issues are important to economic recovery.  One of the greatest weaknesses of Senator Baucus' stimulus package now before the Senate is that not one dime, not one red cent, goes to provide relief for people who go to work every day, pay their bills, and may be clinging to their jobs with their fingertips during this economic downturn. We believe that reducing the Government's take from these people's paychecks will give them more resources to ride out the current economic downturn and will spur increased consumer demand over the next year.  Besides, money spent by individuals in the private sector turns over many times more in the economy and does more economic good than if spent here through the Federal budget. It is really just a matter of common sense, then. People need more of their money during tight economic times. If they have more money available, they feel more financially secure and are more likely to spend.  We only are talking about speeding up a decision that Congress made earlier this year, a bill signed by the President June 7, a product of the bipartisanship of the Senate Finance Committee. Last summer this Senate debated and decided the issue of individual income tax cuts. The Republican caucus proposal would simply accelerate into next year the individual income tax cuts that are currently scheduled to go into effect in the years 2004 and 2006.  If we make them effective next year, they will immediately stimulate the economy. If we wait until 2004 and 2006, the economy does not benefit from those reductions at a time when it must. That time is right now because of the terrorist attacks of September 11 and the downturn in the economy.  We will talk more about individual income tax cuts later. I turn to Senator Boxer's primary objection--alternative minimum tax relief for American businesses.  I would like to propose a terrible idea. Why don't we enact a provision that increases taxes when companies are struggling to stay afloat and then reduces their taxes when the companies are profitable? I think my colleagues would agree that sounds like a dumb idea. I would offer an amendment on this, but the problem is, we have already enacted it. It is what we call the alternative minimum tax.  Republicans have been vilified by Democrats for including AMT repeal in an economic stimulus package. Let's ask the question: Why do we include corporate AMT in an economic stimulus package? Because corporate AMT worsens an economic downturn when it increases taxes as corporate profits decline.  Explain that again. If that doesn't sound reasonable, it isn't reasonable. But that is what the law is, because AMT, the alternative minimum tax, is imposed only when the AMT tax exceeds the amount of regular corporate income tax. AMT is calculated by starting with regular taxable income and then adding back certain deductions that were taken in computing the regular taxable income. One of the most significant deduction add-backs is depreciation.  Consider this very simple example. If regular taxable income falls to zero, then a depreciation add-back will create alternative minimum tax taxable income which will be taxed at the AMT rate of 20 percent, even though the company owes no regular income tax.  Regular income tax does not have to fall to zero for this to occur. When investment costs and other expenses increase in proportion to a company's taxable income, which occurs during an economic downturn, the company may still owe alternative minimum tax.  Companies that have these higher fixed costs include manufacturing, construction, mining, energy, utilities, wholesale/retail, transportation, agriculture, and other capital intensive industries.  In 1997, a study for the Brookings Institution concluded that manufacturing firms could be subjected to alternative minimum tax when their sales decline by just a mere 5 percent. This was largely because of higher fixed costs. So one can see the profound effect that a small economic downturn has on increasing corporate AMT.  The Joint Committee on Taxation has recommended that the corporate alternative minimum tax be repealed because it is ineffective and inefficient.  With the Joint Committee on Taxation are professional people who workfor both Republicans and Democrats. They don't work for the majority. They don't work for the minority. They work for the Congress as a whole. This is their recommendation.  So now you may ask: How would repealing the AMT have a stimulative effect? The answer is simple: The alternative minimum tax is a job killer. The alternative minimum tax creates a strong disincentive for companies to undertake new investments or to keep employees on the payroll. Any activity that reduces a company's regular taxable income, such as keeping employees during an economic downturn, increases the likelihood of it becoming subject to the alternative minimum tax.  This is because as regular income decreases, the AMT add-backs become larger as a percentage of regular income. As I said, when investment costs and other expenses are large relative to a company's taxable income, the company may end up owing alternative minimum tax. This is particularly true for capital investments, which may throw off depreciation deductions. In fact, increased investment expenditures by a company during periods of low profitability can cause a company to switch from the regular tax to the alternative minimum tax. Therefore, companies that try to maintain a constant level of investment and continued employment during an economic downturn are more likely to pay larger amounts of AMT. That is why the alternative minimum tax is a job killer.  We want to create jobs. Particularly we want to create jobs and we have a Government incentive for increasing jobs at a time of economic downturn.  More importantly, the alternative minimum tax increases the tax burden during an economic downturn which may result in deeper and more prolonged economic weakness by reducing business activity.  So here we have a tax policy already in place that is making the economic downturn worse. According to a recent Treasury study, during the economic slowdowns between 1989 and 1991, nearly 50 percent of America's largest corporations were subjected to the alternative minimum tax. We can't afford to repeat that pattern again.  As Chairman Greenspan said: Enhance investment in manufacturing.  That is what accelerated depreciation is about. So that is why we have to do something with a tax policy that is already on the books and already is there exacerbating an already bad situation. So please keep in mind that some alternative minimum tax add-back items, such as depreciation, relate to fixed investment decisions that were made years ago during profitable periods. They didn't anticipate what they might be in right now. But they are going to be penalized for it and penalized in a way that hurts the economy.  It is inconsistent, then, to consider including bonus depreciation provisions in our stimulus packages, which we do, at the same time we punish prior investments through the AMT. I notice that the Democrats' bill exempts bonus depreciation from the alternative minimum tax. So I don't know why a Democrat Senator would blast away at the alternative minimum tax, when even their proposal makes it quite obvious that there is something that doesn't add up here, doesn't meet the test of common sense.  So Democrats recognize the counterproductive effect that the alternative minimum tax has on investment. I also said that the alternative minimum tax increases taxes when companies are struggling to stay afloat, and then it reduces taxes when companies are profitable. This is because any alternative minimum tax paid to the Government today may offset regular taxes owed in a later year. In effect, the AMT is a prepayment of a taxpayer's future income tax liability--and it operates as a no-interest loan from companies to the Federal Government.  As of today, companies in America have made about $25 billion in loans to the Federal Government by prepaying their real tax liability through the alternative minimum tax. This is where the controversy kicked up concerning the House bill, and it is the thing to which Senator Boxer most objected.  The House bill--not the Senate Republican bill--paid back in the year 2002 all of the alternative minimum tax prepayments that I just talked about, these interest-free loans that have been extracted from American companies over the years.  The reason for this is to provide instant cash liquidity for companies that are facing the present economic crunch. We would propose something different. Senate Republicans would allow the alternative minimum tax to offset only a percentage of the regular tax as it is incurred. That way a corporation can never completely zero out their tax liability with AMT credits. So I hope she will consider this and that this will address Senator Boxer's concerns.  In addition, we would not accelerate the AMT tax credits or refund them next year. This should address another one of Senator Boxer's concerns. Yes, we would also repeal the alternative minimum tax, and I know that doesn't satisfy some Senators. I hope these other two provisions of our bill would do.  If Senators will stop the shouting and stop talking past each other and stop making false accusations, we can find common ground to address at least part of each other's concerns. It is possible to reach consensus on a bipartisan bill that will stimulate the economy. We must do it soon.  I urge the Senate to do its job and come up with a bipartisan stimulus package--one that can be passed by this Chamber, sent to conference, and signed by the President. The American people are waiting and they are watching.  I yield the floor.  