 President, yesterday a cowardly act of terrorism was committed against this Nation. But, today, this Nation stands strong and unified--a Nation of freedom and of hope, a Nation hurting, but resolute in our determination to stamp out terrorism, now even on our own shores.  We can no longer ignore the threat that international terrorist groups present to other nations. Yesterday, we faced the reality of that threat. Until yesterday, we had rested in the belief that such an atrocity by foreign hand could not occur on U.S. soil, but now it has, and we must respond. We must safeguard our shores from further acts of violence. We are at war with an enemy of rogues and cowards and they must be crushed. We have received a rude awakening, and now we must act. There is a lot for us to do. More than a year ago, I was critical of the diversion of funds from human intelligenceto high tech counter-terrorism efforts. Tomorrow, we will resume that debate, but today is a day for national mourning.  My prayers go out to all the victims and their families. I pray that God will grant a comfort and peace that is unspeakable in its depth to those who are hurting and for the families of the victims. I cannot adequately express my sympathy to those who lost loved ones in these tragedies, and across America we share in their grief.  Outside of Union Station, a block from the Capitol, fly the flags of all 50 States. It is right that these 50 flags now fly at half mast, for this is a day that will directly touch millions of families across this Nation. We have already learned that at least one Iowan, Karen Kincaid, a native of Waverly, IA, was abroad the hijacked plane that struck the Pentagon on Tuesday morning. Our prayers go out of Karen's family and her loved ones. I fear that in the days to come we may learn of other Iowans whose lives have been destroyed by these tragedies. We all must look for ways to help. We can pray for peace. We can give blood.  In the face of all of yesterday's evil, thousands of courageous Americans rose to the challenge. Men and women, filled with the basic decency and goodness that embodies all that is America, rushed to the rescue of the injured and the dying. Firefighters, police, EMTs, doctors and other volunteers have been working around the clock, and we thank them. Unfortunately, we have learned that many of these brave men and women have given that last full measure of devotion. We mourn for them and honor their sacrifice. The greatness of our people stands in sharp contrast to the unnamed cowards who have perpetrated this evil.  I also want to recognize and thank Secretary Thompson for his effort to bring 7000 doctors, nurses, and health care professionals to New York.  Now, we must go on, unified behind President Bush's leadership. Today's resolution demonstrates the unity of Congress to stand behind the President in the effort to bring the perpetrators to justice. We must commit ourselves to the task of preventing tragedies such as this from ever again happening on our shores. We are a Nation strong and dogged in our commitment to seek out and crush the men who committed these acts of violence against our country.  Terrorism is our national enemy and we must fight it as a Nation. These great tragedies were perpetrated not against a particular race, color, religion, or creed. Yesterday's violence was born in a hatred of America and what it stands for. It was an open attach on all our people and our values. Freedom itself was under assault. Truly this was an act of war on America, and we must act accordingly.  Our friends in the International community, we now ask you to work by our side to quash those who have engaged in these heinous acts. We will need your assistance to identify and punish those who are behind these acts.  State sponsored terrorism is an enemy to all democracies. To see victory over terrorism, we must not just retaliate against the terrorist, but as President Bush said last night, we must also punish those countries who harbor and assist them. Justice must be brought to the terrorists and to the States from which they plan and wage their evil schemes.  We must all be unified in this effort to combat terrorism. I am proud to be an American.  