 President, I welcome the opportunity to be with my friend, Chairman Baucus, to discuss an economic stimulative package and to declare that if he and I can work together, we are going to get such an economic stimulative package passed aswe did in the case of the tax bill that was passed and signed by the President in June, the largest tax reduction in the last 20 years, a needed tax reduction because the American people are being taxed at the highest level since World War II.  About that tax bill, if we had not passed that tax bill with the rebates that went out during August and September, with the flatness of the economy, we would now be discussing what we are going to do about the flatness of the economy because we did not do something last spring. It was fortuitous we were able to pass such a tax bill, and pass it before there was a demonstrated need for it, to get the taxpayers their rebates, to help consumer demand, and to keep the economy going. We would have been considering a tax bill if we had not passed the earlier tax bill, regardless of what happened on September 11.  Obviously, we are now debating because of the terrorist attacks of September 11 and the dramatic downturn in the economy that has resulted because of that terrorist act.  I suggest as we consider this legislation and what ought to be done for economic stimulus because of the September 11 terrorist attacks and the impact that has made on the economy, that everything be directly related to that incident, and that Members of the Senate not try to get anything on the agenda that would not otherwise be legitimately there because of the September 11 happenings.  So I rise for this debate on an economic stimulative package because of the need for it as a result of what happened on September 11 and for no other reason.  Chairman Baucus and I shared a goal at the start of this process. We both wanted a bipartisan economic stimulative package that also addressed the needs of people who were hurt because of September 11 and helped those with unemployment benefits and health care needs for dislocated workers. I still have that as my goal.  My discussions this afternoon I want to divide into three parts: The process for this bill; the substance of the bill, looking primarily at similarities between what Democrats think need to be done and what I as a Republican leader think needs to be done--in other words, these are positions taken by our respective caucuses--and finally, how to resolve these differences and get a bipartisan bill through the Senate because I think we all know right now there are not enough votes to get a partisan package of either caucus through this body.  Chairman Baucus rightly insisted that the Finance Committee act on this matter. There was talk by the majority leader of skipping the committee and bringing it directly to the floor. As a ranking member of the Finance Committee, I support the chairman. He can count on my support in respecting the jurisdiction of the committee.  Unfortunately, however, in asserting our jurisdiction, we did not operate in a committee process, in a bipartisan tradition. Despite all the speeches to the contrary, the bill we have now on the Senate floor, put forth last Thursday night by the Senate Finance Committee, was designed to be partisan. Why somebody would make that judgment, I don't have the slightest idea. In all the victories I have had on the floor in this Senate in the 21 years I have been a Member, I don't think any have been a partisan victory. I have been able to work with members of the other party in order to get something done.  There is an old saying: You can get anything done if you don't care who gets credit for it.  In that respect, I think designing a partisan package was a way to bring this bill to a stone wall. My job--and I think Chairman Baucus shares this with me--is to break down that stone wall, get beyond that, get our people together, get the opposing sides together, and get something to the President with the idea we are here to help the economy and to not help one political party or the other.  The economic stimulus package passed out of the Senate Finance Committee embodied then the Democratic caucus position on the issues we felt ought to stimulate the economy. The bill was precooked and passed out of committee because Democrats decided to deal only with themselves. As unfortunate as that event was, obviously we are out here on the floor of the Senate. Last Thursday is history. It is all water under the bridge.  Equally unfortunate, however, the partisan acts of the Democrats in the Finance Committee have necessitated a confrontational debate from each side. By choosing a partisan strategy, the Democratic leadership has placed us in a position where, aside from the substantive issues involved, there is necessarily a partisan division. I point this out only because it is a needless barrier to my goal of a bipartisan stimulative package in the tradition of how Senator Baucus and I got the tax bill of last spring to the President for signature on June 7.  On the Senate floor, the majority leader does not have an unfettered right to push this bill through on a partisan basis. He has a right to try but he cannot succeed because this bill violates the restrictions of the budget resolution. It is subject to a 60-vote point of order under the rules of the Senate. So, too, if Republicans wanted to push ours, we could not get it passed. It would be subject to a 60-vote point of order. We are in a position where neither side can win.  I am frustrated and disappointed right now because there is so much common ground between us and where the Democrat bill is. I am frustrated because, regardless of this common ground, there is little will on the part of the Democratic caucus to meet our side halfway or even part of the way. That unwillingness doesn't make a lot of sense in a Senate that is divided: 50 Democrats, 49 Republicans, and one Independent.  Where is the common ground? Starting with the economic stimulus itself, basically the President of the United States and Chairman Greenspan gave us a green light to the stimulus exercise. Chairman Greenspan requested we take a hard look at proposals that were temporary, immediate, and efficient. Since his meetings with the President and with us on the Senate Finance Committee, there has also been indication that what he has done on interest rates, although he can still do more and will probably do more, is reaching the end of the road of what can be done through monetary policy, and that there needs to be a stimulative package that parallels, through Congress, what Chairman Greenspan is trying to do through the Federal Reserve System.  We have been working with Chairman Greenspan because we want these programs to complement each other. We also think Chairman Greenspan has a pretty good feel for what it takes to turn this economy around. We sought his advice in a bipartisan way. The President sought his advice. Chairman Greenspan said we needed to pay particular attention to the decline in manufacturing investment.  I have a chart that demonstrates the relationship of consumption expenditures and manufacturing expenditures. As the red line shows, we have had a steady growth in personal consumption expenditures. We have had more ups and downs with domestic investment, mostly manufacturing investment. In the last three quarters, we have seen a very dramatic turndown in manufacturing investment. It reached a high and dropped. I am glad to hear the chairman of the committee say in his opening remarks that the 10-percent accelerated depreciation they allow in their legislation is negotiable. We think, and Chairman Greenspan thinks, about 30 percent is what it will take to stimulate the economy.  The other side speaks about consumer demand and doing something about consumer demand. The chart shows there has not been an erosion of personal consumption expenditures as there has been a dramatic erosion of manufacturing investment.  Of course, why manufacturing investment and encouragement of that? It is time tested from both Republican and Democrat Presidents, changing tax law from time to time in the last 50 years to stimulate the economy because it enhances productivity; but more importantly, the equipment bought by major corporations is made at another manufacturing place that creates jobs. It is a good way to help the economy in two ways: It creates jobs where the enhanced machinery is manufactured, and it also makes each person working where this is installed more productive, as well.  We need a balance between demand and manufacturing. If we trust Chairman Greenspan, and a lot of people in the United States have confidence in him according to the polls, we need to pay particular attention to the downturn in manufacturing investment and follow Chairman Greenspan's advice.  Now, Democrats and Republicans have agreed to pursue accelerated depreciation as a stimulus. Both caucus plans have this proposal included, but there is an ineffective 10-percent accelerated appreciation in the Democrat plan, compared to the positive 30 percent in the Republican plan. Both caucuses pursued proposals that, while not as stimulative as accelerated depreciation, would still provide much needed relief to struggling businesses.  It is another area of common ground that Democrats propose liberalizing the net operating loss carryback rules, but Republicans propose repealing the corporate alternative minimum tax. Here again, there is room for negotiation and compromise that will lead to a bipartisan agreement.  Republicans put on the table an acceleration of the income tax rate cuts put in place by the bipartisan tax relief bill I spoke of twice this afternoon that was signed by the President on June 7. That included the tax rebates, as well. The Democratic leadership objects strenuously to the proposal because, although this proposal is stimulative--I have not heard otherwise--it reopened a statute that a majority of the Democrats did not support last spring.  I recognize acceleration is not viewed as common ground, but I think it begs a question, if we are going to be intellectually honest with each other. How could the Democrats reopen the statute that the President signed June 7 by putting rebates for payroll and nontaxpayers on the table. It appears a bit inconsistent. In one place you can open the bill, but in another place you cannot open that tax bill of last spring.  To those of us on this side, then, it appears the Democratic leadership has taken the positive gesture by the President on rebates because President Bush wants to get money to lower income people to stimulate the economy. So they have taken a positive gesture by the President but have not been flexible in return.  Needless to say, by default, both sides have common ground on the next round of rebate checks. This proposal stimulates consumer demand. Former Secretary Rubin was very keen on some modest level of consumer demand stimulus. So on the investment side and the consumers demand side, both Republicans and Democrats have proposals with similar features, with the Republicans placing more emphasis on investment. But the Democratic leadership has made marginal rate cut acceleration some sort of a deal breaker.  We Republicans want to provide dislocated workers with assistance for coverage for health insurance. First off, I want to clear up some misstatements. Some have incorrectly said that Republican proposals do nothing to help cover the cost of health insurance for dislocated workers. This is baloney.  The President supported health care assistance by proposing funding for health care benefits to laid-off workers. Both the House bill and the Senate Republican caucus position embrace this idea. In negotiations, in particular, I want to say to the Presiding Officer, I was willing to go beyond the President's proposal. I offered to more than triple the amount of money. I also proposed expanding coverage of health benefits to dislocated workers who do not qualify for COBRA, such as small business workers. I then offered Democrats complete flexibility to write the criteria under which the money would be granted so they could be confident in the program doing what they want it to do. So how much more flexible can you be? But the Democratic leadership said no and rejected the offer.  So we do have a common ground on the goal of helping dislocated workers with health care benefits. Are there any differences in how we want to provide this assistance? The answer is yes. The whole point of this bill, though, is to get people health care benefits right now, not down the road. Yet the Democratic leadership proposes to create a new bureaucracy that will take many months to get up and running. The Democrats' proposal would not be able to get benefits to workers until it is too late. This is a stimulative package to help us out of the recession, not to give people help way beyond the turn-around in the economy.  The reason the Democrats' proposal would do this is because Federal law requires that when a new Federal program is established, regulations must be promulgated and the public be given notice and opportunity to comment. Clearly, these laws affecting new programs are in place for a good reason.  We can avoid this hurdle by using existing programs, especially ones that are tailor made for national emergencies. That is why the President took the approach he did through National Emergency Grant Programs. If there is not enough money there to satisfy people on the other side of the aisle, we can take care of that. But we ought to take care of it in a manner that gets the money to the people in a month, not in a year. Our goal was to use the existing National Emergency Grant Program, one that the Federal Government and States have used for years and have experience with, to ensure benefits can get to dislocated workers in the fastest way possible. No new infrastructure would be required by the Federal Government and States could quickly access much needed funds.  The bottom line is hard-working Americans who have lost their jobs as a result of the September 11 tragedy cannot wait 6, 9, or 12 months for health care insurance. They need help and need it right now. We propose to do just that. But, again, the Democrat leadership was not interested in bipartisan compromises, even when they represented common sense.  I have another problem, though, with the Democratic health package; that is, it places undue burdens on States which are already struggling to respond to adverse impacts of September 11. Requiring a new Federal infrastructure and corresponding new State infrastructures in order to access emergency funds seems to be downright unreasonable.  We should be working our hardest to get money to States immediately for them to get it to their workers who do not have health insurance. We should not penalize them by demanding that they, too, establish extensive new bureaucracies to get money to people in need.  For example, the Democrats' proposal would require many States to enact legislation in order to set up and fund new State infrastructures to certify and deliver COBRA benefits. This is obviously a nonfunded mandate. But in addition, the Democrats' proposal requires States to use their own money. This means only those States which happen to have extra money in their Medicaid budget could help workers who are not COBRA eligible. I am not aware any State is claiming to have extra Medicaid money burning a hole in its pockets for those people. I think this is just plain wrong.  I propose to provide 100 percent Federal funding through National Emergency Grant Programs to allow States, then, to cover non-COBRA eligibles.  Once again, I asked the Democrat leadership: Why are you insisting on doing this the hard way, especially when there are much more efficient alternatives?  Now I have a few points about extended unemployment benefits to dislocated workers. We want to do more than just provide unemployment checks. First of all, let me make it very clear. Why do you have a stimulus package? It is not to give unemployment checks, even though that is what we are doing. But the idea of stimulating the economy is getting people a job. People want a job; they don't want unemployment checks. We want incentives to get workers back their paychecks.  But both sides agree that providing 13 weeks of additional benefit to workers in need is reasonable. We have done that five times in the last 30 years, I believe.  The Democratic leadership, however, wants to take finite resources and spread them thinly across every State so the needy will not get enough help. I offered to provide unemployment benefits in two ways--kind of take your choice. The first was to allow 13 weeks of benefits to be extended to those States which experienced a significant increase in unemployment. So what isa significant increase in unemployment? In that regard, I was completely flexible.  In fact, I was more than willing to bring the threshold well below what the President proposed.  In addition, I believe that extended unemployment benefits should be made available to particular industries or communities adversely impacted by September 11. This should be the case even if a State as a whole doesn't experience a major increase in unemployment.  So I hope I have made it apparent that on our side we care about dislocated workers and getting them unemployment and health benefits. The differences are grounded in how to do it, and not whether to do it. I still believe that we are not that far apart and our differences can be bridged. If we are willing to take the partisan blinders off and focus on getting help to workers immediately instead of winning ideological points, we can come to agreement on a proposal.  I have been so flexible that I know how Gumby feels.  So, here we are, and I am left asking why we are stuck in this partisan ditch. We have common ground on the investment side, consumer spending side, unemployment benefits, and health coverage for dislocated workers. Why couldn't we work out an agreement? It seems that there are three reasons.  The first reason is that the Democratic leadership doesn't want two negotiations with Republicans. They don't want to negotiate with Senate Republicans first and then have to negotiate with the White House and House Republicans later in conference. I have to chuckle when I hear this type of objection coming from the Senate Democratic leadership. When I was negotiating the bipartisan tax cut in the Finance Committee, I ran into the same objection from many in the Senate Republican caucus. You know who would bring this up. They said, Grassley, don't negotiate with Baucus. If you do, you will have to negotiate further to the left on the Senate floor. One negotiation is better than two.  If I had followed that ``one negotiation'' directive, we would have had chaos on the Senate floor last spring.  As it turned out--and for reference for people who are fearful that maybe the bipartisan Senate Finance Committee agreement couldn't hold in conference right now--the track record of last spring is that the bipartisan Finance Committee agreement held on the Senate floor and largely stayed intact in conference. But if the House and Senate parties agree to a so-called preconference strategy, which has been talked about within just the last 4 or 5 hours due to our constrained time now that we are getting up against adjournment this fall, I will certainly support that effort and hope it happens.  So you can't proceed because you don't want to negotiate twice. I hope I have proved that is not a problem here in the Senate, if you do it right.  There is a second reason given for not negotiating.  It seems that many in the Senate Democratic caucus want some kind of ``payback'' against the bipartisan tax relief legislation. In their view, the bipartisan deal was wrong, and with their caucus now running the Senate, they do not want to see it repeated in any way. In their view, a bipartisan Finance Committee deal would have been a bad deal unless it contained all four corners of the Senate Democratic caucus position. As I said, I showed movement on several issues but could not get movement from the other side. Everyone knows that unless both sides move, you can't get a deal.  So here we are with basically the Senate Democratic caucus position as the Finance Committee bill. The bill before us is a partisan product. There is no gesture to the Republican side. The Finance Committee bill says, ``Our way or the highway.'' I only ask, is this what the American people want? I didn't think so at the time of the tax cut last spring, and I don't think so now.  There is a third reason we can't get a deal. Senate Democrats say the House Republican partisan process necessitate a partisan response. We are kind of engaged in a game of legislative ping pong. That frustration, while understandable, doesn't justify shutting out Senate Republicans. Senate Republicans are not irrelevant. The House passed a partisan tax bill in the Spring, but that did not stop the Senate from passing a bipartisan package which the President signed on June 7. The Senate should not be rendered irrelevant because of partisan politics in the House.  The American people expect us to work together. That is what I have been trying to do over the past few months. Senate Republicans are flexible and willing to move toward Senate Democrats, but it is a two-way street and Democrats must also show movement.  To sum up, we want to get a bipartisan stimulus package. Bipartisanship does not mean adopting the Senate Democratic caucus position.  At this time, we are struck with this partisan, special interest Democratic bill that came out of committee on an 11-to-10 vote. We see that, even the media, like the Washington Post, call this bill a poor excuse for economic stimulus. They blame lobbyists for shaping a stimulus bill. ``Special Interests Scramble for Tax Break's, Other Windfalls''. The headline of one Post article reads ``Lobbyists Shaping Economic Stimulus bill.'' And it goes on to talk about companies getting tax credits for millionaires and payments going to billionaire bison ranchers.  Let me note, however, that extensions of provisions that expire under current law are matters we should address.  In the Finance Committee, the Democratic leadership lined the votes up, and we on this side were left out. That was an unfortunate outcome for the Finance Committee, which has a great bipartisan tradition.  With some optimism, I noted at the Finance Committee markup that the centrists, a group of some Republicans and some Democrats who consider themselves right in the center of the political spectrum, indicated that things on the Senate floor would be different. I am hopeful of this sentiment expressed by the centrist group and that, combined, we can get enough votes to put together a bill that will get 60 votes to get a bipartisan bill through. I hope this will cause the Democratic leadership then to engage in a bipartisan debate. It is about time the process on this bill changes and reasonable heads prevail.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  I ask unanimous consent that the Senator from Massachusetts be recognized after the quorum call.  