 President, the Senate recently passed legislation reauthorizing an important child welfare program known as Promoting Safe and Stable Families. Under the auspices of this Social Security Act grant program, States are able to provide services to at-risk families to prevent the need for children to enter the foster care system.  Four types of services are included in the program: family preservation; community-based family support; time-limited family reunification; and adoption promotion and support. In addition, the program provides funding for state court improvement projects. I cannot proceed without praising Iowa's court improvement project which, under the leadership of Judge Terry Huitink and Judge Stephen Clarke, has produced valuable research to streamline the court process for children waiting to be adopted. The Iowan project also provides training for judges in order to increase understanding of the needs of children in the foster care system.  The reauthorization passed by the Senate ensures that money will be available for the next five years at an annual minimum of $305 million per year. An additional $200 million is authorized to be spent from discretionary funds determined annually by Senate appropriators. I am also pleased the 2002 Senate Labor, Health and Human Services, and education appropriations legislation included $70 million in discretionary spending for the Safe and Stable program, for a total funding level of $375 million in fiscal year 2002. In fact, I and some of my Senate colleagues are sending a letter to President Bush tomorrow requesting that full funding of $505 million for the program be included in the Administration's fiscal year 2003 budget.  The Promoting Safe and Stable Families program is a valuable weapon in the fight against child abuse and neglect. The Federal Government spends billions of dollars each year to provide services to children who have already been placed in the foster care system. Much less money is spent on providing services before removal from the home is necessary. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that between 1999 and 2003, money spent on removing children from their homes and placing them in foster and adoptive homes will exceed by nine times the amount of money spent on services and prevention. Furthermore, annual spending during this period for removal and placement is expected to increase by thirty-five percent, from $4.8 billion to $6.5 billion, while annual spending for prevention and services is expected to increase by only nine percent, from $0.57 billion to $0.62 billion.  More than one hundred thirty thousand children are waiting to be adopted out of foster care in the United States, and at least 4,500 of those children live in Iowa. Each child deserves a loving family and a safe environment. Promoting Safe and Stable Families grants provide critical services to vulnerable families and children, and I am pleased the Senate fulfilled its duty and acted to reauthorize the program.  