 President, we will have $28 trillion coming into the Federal Treasury over the next 10 years. We are taking $3.1 trillion of that off the table for Social Security. Social Security money will only be spent on Social Security, and Medicare money will only be spent on Medicare.  We have the $1.6 trillion tax cut because Americans are overtaxed. We are going to give tax relief to every taxpayer.  We have $900 billion left over. That is a rainy day fund. When they raise questions, as they have just now, on the other side of the aisle--Will we be able to afford it? Will we have the money for prescription drugs for seniors in America?--we will have a plan that will give universal coverage to seniors in America. It will be affordable, and we will improve Medicare so that Medicare fits the practice of medicine today. When it was passed in 1965, the practice of medicine was to put everybody in the hospital. Today, the practice of medicine is to keep people out of the hospital.  Obviously, prescription drugs are a big part of why not so many people are going the expensive route of hospitalization.  I hope it is clear that this is well thought out, and we will be able to do the things we have said we would do. If we do nothing and that money is in the pockets of Congressmen and Senators in Washington, it is surely burning a hole, and if it is burning a hole, it has to be spent.  If we keep up the level of spending that recent remarks indicate we ought to, at 6 percent growth each of the last 3 years, and continue that for 10 years instead of a $1.6 trillion tax relief, we will not only eat up the $1.6 trillion, we will eat up a half trillion dollars more. Then we get that level of expenditure up to where we are now at 20.6 percent of gross national product, and we see a downturn in the economy about which these nervous nellies are concerned.  The income is going to go down but the expenditures never go down. We do not operate as a business in the sense of when there is a change of income, we change our spending behavior.  That is what needs to be considered by everybody. By having a surplus of only 5.6 percent of the $28 trillion coming in over the next 10 years, a little bit less than one-third is going to go to the taxpayers, some of it is for a rainy day, and the rest of it is to keep our commitment to Social Security and Medicare.  I yield the floor.  