 President, I will take a couple minutes, and then I believe we are done.  To respond in a short fashion to what the Senator from Florida said, we have 14 States that have a separate inheritance tax. In addition, the tax due to the State will continue to be paid through the year 2007.  The repeal basically happens because we increase the unified credit so rapidly, and this is a direct result of the American taxpayers having spoken by the thousands that they want immediate relief.  The President of the United States in his proposal did his death tax repeal with $260 billion. The bill before us does it with $145 billion.  The President does not increase the unified credit. So, yes, his plan is a proportionate reduction, but the Senate and the taxpayers wanted immediate relief, and that is why we end up where we are.  Obviously, there are problems for some Senators. I respect their objection, but we did it in the best way we could in a compromising fashion, trying to do as much as we could with a lesser amount of money than what the President was trying to do in his tax program, and do it in a bipartisan fashion.  As we end this evening's debate, and we will continue it Monday with votes well into Monday evening to finish this bill, I hope I can speak for people who have wanted to see a tax bill passed, and that includes Senator Baucus and me, that we have defeated amendments that have come before this body to change this legislation.  If we had taken the second alternative of bringing this bill before this body, that second alternative would have been perhaps--if we had been fortunate--a Republican-only measure that would have been voted on in committee 10-10. I believe a lot of the amendments we defeated today would have been adopted.  We brought a bipartisan bill out of committee 14-6. We have had quite a few bipartisan votes today. I hope people who are reflecting upon what they want in a tax bill, if they have what they want without the bipartisan cooperation--when I say ``what they want,'' again I remind everybody this is a work of compromise--more importantly, bipartisan compromise--so nobody has really gotten what they want. But I know there is more of an urgency on my side for the reduction of marginal rates than there is maybe on the other side.  It could be that people on my side do not like the 36 percent that I agreed to with Senator Baucus, but looking at some of these votes, and particularly how hard Senator Baucus was working to make sure this bipartisan position won, without that, some of these amendments, and maybe a lot of others, would have been adopted.  I say that because there is Friday, Saturday, and Sunday to think about this before we adopt a final bill, and then there is Tuesday and Wednesday--and maybe not even that much time--to work on a conference report with which Senator Baucus is going to be involved. We have to think in terms of what is possible to get through here when it comes out of conference.  I don't really know how to end this except to say that we worked hard for 4 months to get where we are. I hope people realize what we have put together has been sustained. We ought to think about that as people who may not be totally satisfied with what we are going to pass in the Senate try to use the rest of the process to gain something that is not doable in the final analysis.  I would like to have everybody think between now and when that conference committee has to end sometime not too far down in the future, to be a little bit realistic. I think I have been realistic. I think Senator Baucus has been realistic or we wouldn't be here in the first place. For sure, we wouldn't be here sustaining this mark the way we have.  I ask my colleagues, particularly on my side of the aisle, to think of this for the next few days.  