 President, I yield myself 4 minutes of the time remaining.  Senator Conrad's amendment is very bad medicine for our seniors, in terms of this fuzzying up the issue. If we allow this to happen, we are going to perpetuate the hoax that Medicare is running a surplus so that we can postpone urgently needed improvements in Medicare.  The Senator's amendment also leads Americans into believing we can't provide tax relief for hard-working families and at the same time protect Medicare and Social Security. The Senator is just plain wrong because over the next 10 years we will be spending $3.8 trillion just on Medicare. That is more than two times the size of any proposed tax cut. To say that we on this side of the aisle are shortchanging seniors is ludicrous. In fact, the Senator's amendment would shortchange Medicare patients by splitting Medicare in half and leaving Part B of the program, including prescription drugs, unprotected.  In 1993, Congress voted to tax up to 85 percent of Social Security benefits and transfer those taxes into the Part A trust fund. In 1997, Congress voted to transfer the cost of home health out of Part A trust fund into Part B. Had these two actions not occurred, there would be no surplus in Part A. Medicare Part B will run a deficit of more than $1 trillion over the next 10 years, completely offsetting the $400 billion surplus in Part A. Splitting Medicare in half would only further these accounting gimmicks and mislead seniors into believing Medicare is secure. Of course, we know that is not the case.  We think it is time to be very open with our seniors about Medicare's financial condition. We have the opportunity this year to modernize Medicare, provide prescription drug coverage, and put the program on a sound footing for our seniors, particularly for baby boomers. We want to protect the Medicare surplus so it can be used for this purpose, and this purpose only.  Senator Conrad's amendment will deprive seniors of what they need most, a stronger, updated Medicare program, by locking away the Medicare dollars and making them unavailable for much-needed improvements. Is this what our seniors want? I don't think so. They want something for future generations.  This lockbox approach has one additional problem: When you add it to the additional one-third of the on-budget surplus the amendment would then reserve for debt reduction, it would equal $3.8 trillion. That exceeds the total amount of publicly held debt by $700 billion, and it exceeds the amount of debt available to be repaid by $1.5 trillion. As a result, the Government will be forced to invest the excess surplus in the private sector.  Federal Reserve Chairman Greenspan has warned that such investments could disrupt financial markets and reduce the efficiency of our economy. My colleague from New Mexico has said that very well and demonstrated it with the chart.  Moreover, it is important to remember that the Senate has already voted 99-0 in the year 1999 against allowing the Government to invest the Social Security surplus in the private sector.  I oppose the amendment by the Senator from North Dakota and support Senator Domenici's amendment.  