 There are always demands upon our time. There are four or five places we could be at one time. I did not get a chance to hear all of the Senator's speech because I was chairing the Senate Finance Committee on the issue of giving tax relief to working American men and women, a bill that will probably pass here in the month of May.  Anyway, I plead with the Senator from Minnesota that he has had a tremendous impact upon this legislation, and it is a better bill in the sense that a lot of things that were brought to our attention are now changes in this bill. But you cannot have perfection.  I think the Senator from Minnesota would say he really does not want this bill to pass. So I think it is fair to say he, and other Members who do not want it to pass, will be offering amendments, maybe because they believe in them, but partly it is a process of slowing the legislation down so, again, it may never pass.  But I think, unlike 4 and 2 years ago--or maybe more accurately, 3 and 1 year ago--we are starting out with this bill on the floor of the Senate in the first year of a 2-year Congress, where one or two Members of this body are not going to frustrate the will of almost all 535 Members of Congress. And they do not have a President now that is going to veto the bill. So this legislation is going to become law. President Bush will sign this legislation.  So now, if I could--we do have an amendment before us from the Senator from Minnesota--I want to address that amendment very directly. It brings me to the means test.  By the way, I have a chart here speaking about how flexible this means test is, what it takes into consideration, so that it is not just a quantifiable formula with no humanity to it. There is plenty of humanity involved in this means test, whereby the means test determines whether somebody has the ability to repay some of their debt. And if they do, they then go into chapter 13, and they never get off scot-free.  So I see the amendment from the Senator from Minnesota as gutting the means test, ignoring the means test. That would be very bad. And we have had 70 Senators vote for this bill. By the way, 70 Senators represents a bipartisan vote.  If you believe this bill should be passed, and we should have strong improvements in bankruptcy law, then you will want to keep the means test; you will not want to gut the means test, as Senator Wellstone's amendment does.  It sounds very humanitarian to talk about taking medical expenses into consideration as to whether or not you ought to be granted access to having your debts discharged. I have stated before on this floor, that in calculating a debtor's income, under this means test, 100 percent of medical expenses are deducted.  I have also said to my colleagues, including the Senator from Minnesota, that if we offer you a bill where, in determining whether or not you should be in bankruptcy court--and 100 percent of your medical expenses can be taken into consideration in that determination--how much better than 100 percent can we do? If I gave you 101 percent or 102 percent would that be better? But with 100 percent deduction for some expense, I do not know how you can do much better than that.  That is what this means testing formula does. And Senator Grassley does not say that, the General Accounting Office confirmed that. I have a page from the General Accounting Office report in relation to that part of this legislation. This is the title page, if people are interested in the entire book. But it lists what is deductible under the IRS standards, in determining the ability to repay if you go into bankruptcy.  Here, under ``other necessary expenses,'' the description of the IRS guidelines, as stated by the General Accounting Office, includes such expenses as charitable contributions, child care, dependent care, health care, payroll deductions, including taxes, union dues, life insurance. There it is, under ``other necessary expenses,'' health care, 100-percent deductible in making that determination. If you can pay off some portion of your debt under the means test, then you should have to do so. The means test takes into account these reasonable expenses and others than what I listed, including 100 percent of medical expenses.  If one is concerned about whether or not 100 percent of medical expenses is clear enough as to what you can deduct, because the Senator from Minnesota used the term ``catastrophic'' medical expenses, the test also allows, under our legislation, for special circumstances to be taken into account when determining if a debtor can repay his or her debt.  That means that after you have taken the IRS guidelines, as I have stated, the General Accounting Office saying 100 percent of medical expenses--and that is not enough to satisfy the Senator from Minnesota so he talks about catastrophic medical expenses; whether they are catastrophic or minor, 100 percent of medical expenses is 100 percent of medical expenses--but just in case, then under the special circumstances provisions of our legislation, that debtor can go before the judge and plead a case beyond what the IRS regulations allow.  This bill preserves a fresh start for people who have been overwhelmed by medical debt or unforeseen emergencies. The bill thus allows full 100-percent deductibility of medical expenses before examining the ability to repay.  The amendment of the Senator from Minnesota says that if one files for bankruptcy because of medical expenses, then he or she does not have to go through this very flexible means test we are presenting in our legislation. His amendment doesn't take into account whether or not a person can repay or not. Making it possible to go into bankruptcy without some determination of the ability to repay or not is just not right. It means you have a gigantic loophole for somebody to game the system and to do what we are trying to prevent with this legislation--not hurting the principle of a fresh start, but if you have the ability to repay, you are not going to use the bankruptcy code for financial planning. You are not going to get off scot free.  What the Wellstone amendment does is create a loophole for those who can repay their debts. Our bill does it right. We allow all medical expenses, if they are catastrophic or not, to be taken into account. So the amendment offered by the Senator from Minnesota creates this huge loophole in the bill. That is why I have to urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  