 President, I believe we can accommodate the Senator from Delaware and the Senator from Minnesota. We have 20 minutes remaining. I will yield myself 5 minutes. Then it is my understanding that Senator Hatch needs some time to respond to the Senator from Minnesota. I will take my time to address an amendment that we are going to be voting on when we vote on two amendments in just a few minutes. That amendment is the amendment by the Senator from Vermont, Mr. Leahy.  The amendment would allow small businesses to be given special treatment as compared to other businesses. When the words ``small business'' are used around the U.S. Congress, everybody looks up because we know thatsmall business is the engine of advancement in America, creating the new jobs.  I have to say that albeit his amendment may be well intended because we want small businesses to succeed--and I would be the first one to say that--Senator Leahy's amendment would be detrimental to this bill and also to many small businesses as well as those he says he is trying to help.  I will explain to the Senate now why I believe his amendment is intended to help small businesses of some very small size and help other businesses that are just a little larger but still very much a small business.  He would do this by creating three categories of unsecured creditors in chapter 7, chapter 12, and chapter 13 proceedings under our bankruptcy code. Priority creditors would be paid first, then small business creditors, and then general business creditors that are not small business creditors are the last in line. I will repeat that. It would give priority creditors the option of being paid first, then small business creditors, and then general business creditors that are not small business creditors are the last in line.  This idea is different from the way bankruptcy has been treated historically where we have only given special treatment to creditors with extraordinary circumstances. What I mean to say is that we have created a priority status for those who have compelling reasons to go first, such as child support, which has dominated this debate on bankruptcy reform for 3 years now. After child support, people who might be killed by drunk drivers is an example, or the importance of high priority for back pay and wages. If you don't have a compelling reason such as these categories I have just listed, then creditors otherwise are given equal treatment.  I have to conclude that this is an antibusiness amendment. It would, for instance, require a law firm or a payday loan shark of five members to be paid before an auto repair shop with 30 employees. Also, the amendment could have an unintended result, such as larger businesses being deterred from offering credit to people who may really need it. Further, this issue has not been examined at all. We don't know for sure what the implications are.  I hope my colleagues will oppose this amendment. Do not be sucked into voting for it because it has a title of small business, because it has small business of a certain category but it hurts small businesses generally.  I yield the floor and yield whatever time Senator Hatch might consume.  