 No. 1, he talks about the difference between 401(k)s and IRAs. He can mention $2,000, he can mention $10,000, but there is a cap of $1 million. That means up to $1 million is not subject to bankruptcy.  Then he mentioned IRAs and 401(k)s. I remind the Senator from Massachusetts that 401(k)s are not covered because he objected to their being covered, and we took them out. They are not part of it, not because that is the way I want it. I think 401(k)s ought to be capped at $1 million as well, if there is a cap at all. Madam President, 401(k)s are different than the individual retirement accounts capped at $1 million, because that is what Senator Kennedy requested we do.  The other thing mentioned was about my being chairman of the Senate Finance Committee and tax expenditures. First of all, I do not buy the philosophy of tax expenditures because that implies every penny working men and women in America earn belongs to the Federal Government and we are going to let them keep some of their own money. I start from the premise that the hard-working men and women of America, every penny they earn is their money, and we tax them for part of it.  Just in case there is some injustice under present pension laws--I admit there are injustices in present pension laws. The Senator from Florida, Mr. Graham, and I have introduced legislation to correct some of those inequities and particularly to correct some of those inequities to benefit the very low-income wage earners to whom Senator Kennedy is saying we do not give enough credit.  Before this Congress is done, hopefully even before the first bill gets to the President of the United States, we will have passed some tax legislation to take care of some of those inequities in the pension laws of the United States, plus the fact that we had legislation out of our committee last year that increased the $2,000 IRA limit to a $5,000 IRA limit.  I want to get back to the reason for having this $1 million cap on individual retirement accounts, that anything over that is not protected from the creditors.  Let's get it clear: Below $1 million is protected from the creditors in bankruptcy court. I quote from President Clinton's administration in their support of the concept of the cap. This is last year's legislation as we were discussing this issue then. The Department of Justice said:       A debtor should not be able to shield abundant resources      from creditors, including Federal, State, and local      governments, in the form of retirement savings.  I quote from the Securities and Exchange Commission:       We have seen insider traders do their trading through IRAs      and fraud participants stash their profits in their IRAs. The      State law exemptions have not defeated our Federal statutory      claims to date, but a new Federal exemption could do so. I am      concerned about the grave potential abuse that the exemption      for all retirement assets from bankruptcy estates poses.  That is a letter from Judith R. Starr, assistant chief litigation counsel, Securities and Exchange Commission, to members of my staff.  The Department of Labor:       A fresh start is not meaningful if it requires a debtor to      accept an impoverished retirement. However, a debtor should      not be able to inappropriately shield resources from      creditors, including Federal, State, and local governments in      the forms of retirement savings.  That is a letter from the Secretary of Labor to Senator Hatch, April 14, 1999.  On the other hand, there are those among my colleagues across the aisle who oppose the $1 million IRA cap that would prevent, to some degree, the rich from shielding wealth from creditors in an IRA. In my view, a wealthy debtor should not be able to shield large amounts of wealth from creditors in an IRA or in a home.  The compromise provisions in the bill that we worked out with members of the other party last year make important improvements over current law and should be retained.  Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to oppose the effort to strip out the individual retirement account cap. I yield the floor.  