 I will not consume all the time that has been allocated to our side. I will not be here to allocate other time, so anybody who wants to speak in opposition to the Hollings amendment is free to yield themselves what time I might have remaining.  Even though Senator Hollings has not discussed his amendment--he is going to do that very shortly--I have strong opposition to his amendment because his amendment would repeal the retroactive marginal rate cuts enacted on June 7, this year, barely 1 month ago. My opposition to the amendment of the distinguished Senator from South Carolina is based both on procedural and substantive grounds. First, procedural problems with the amendment: It is a tax amendment. As a tax amendment, it obviously falls within the jurisdiction of the Finance Committee. The bill before the Senate is an appropriations bill, not a finance bill. As the senior Finance Committee Republican, I must oppose this tax amendment on an appropriations bill.  Furthermore, if Senator Hollings were to prevail, this appropriations bill would become a Senate-originated revenue bill and, as such, it would be blue-slipped when sent to the other body. In other words, this amendment, if added to the underlying supplemental appropriations bill, would kill the appropriations bill we are now considering, a bill that is so badly needed.  As bad as this amendment is procedurally, it is even worse substantively. This amendment would repeal all the retroactive marginal rate reductions in a recently passed tax bill. Those tax rate cuts are based principally on the new 10-percent bracket for the first $6,000 of income for single taxpayers and $12,000 of income for married taxpayers. The retroactive, new tax percent bracket is the basis, then, for the advanced refund checks of $300 for single people and $600 for married couples that will soon by mailed out by the Treasury Department starting July 23. So the Hollings amendment, then, would stop these checks dead in their tracks. A vote for the Hollings amendment is a way to say no to American taxpayers who now expect to receive the refund checks.  These checks and the other retroactive rate cuts are, of course, a stimulus in the tax legislation that we just enacted. Just when the economy is slowing down and when the economy, then, is in need of a stimulus, the Hollings amendment would pull the rug out from under our attempt to stimulate it. Frankly, I cannot think of a proposal more damaging to the potential return to economic growth than the amendment on which we will soon vote.  Soon, in a separate speech, I am going to discuss in some depth the tax legislation just enacted. Let me point out one important fact for one to chew on in the meantime. According to the Congressional Budget Office, Federal taxes are at an all-time high of 20.6 percent of the economy. That is higher than taxes were even in World War II. Individual income taxes are at record levels as a percentage of the GDP. The tax legislation returns this overpayment--which is dragging down American workers, investors, businesses, and collectively the American economy--to the people.  What the Hollings amendment really says is, return taxes to their record levels. The Hollings amendment says high taxes are no problem and should be ignored in a slowing economy. Think about this, my fellow Senators. This amendment, in effect, raises taxes at a time we have a slowing economy.  Madam President, I yield the floor and thank Senator Hollings for yielding to me to make these remarks at this point ahead of him.  