 I thank them for their foresight and pointing out to this entire body that Washington doesn't always know best. In this particular case, they are not only saying Washington does not always know best but Washington is incapable of doing the job that this bill gives them to do, even if Washington knew best.  This is a very important amendment. The people who are proposing this bill ought to look at the overburdened responsibilities that the Health Care Financing Administration already has and it is not able to do.  It is from that point that I want to speak about my support for the Collins-Nelson amendment.  I want to make very clear that, as most of my colleagues, I believe that any patient protection we pass must be meaningful and enforceable. But the provisions that the Collins-Nelson amendment deals with, and that they strike and change, are the provisions of the bill that delegates most of its new enforcement responsibilities to an agency that is one of the most overburdened bureaucracies in Washington, DC.  The Washington bureaucrats who work there are not going to be able to take the action necessary to give patients the protections that are determined by the authors of this amendment they ought to have, and that we all would agree ought to be there. But it can be done under State supervision, and it can be done much better and much more expeditiously than it can be done through the Health Care Financing Administration.  It is the difference between going to Des Moines, IA, to get the protections or coming to the Baltimore headquarters of the Health Care Financing Administration--because, historically, this agency has been already slow in publishing regulations, and it lacks in its enforcement of existing Federal laws that we passed putting responsibilities on its back.  Of course, I have high hopes that our new Secretary of Health and Human Services, Governor Thompson, and the new Administrator of the Health Care Financing Administration, Tom Scully, will turn things around. While I hope that and I believe that, I don't expect a radical change is going to be necessary for the Health Care Financing Administration to carry out the responsibilities that the authors of this legislation want them to do, nor that it will be radical enough to change overnight to get the job done of administering this portion of their bill the way it should be.  At this time, shouldering the Health Care Financing Administration with a task of enforcing broad new Federal patient protections is clearly inappropriate.  Our new Secretary and Administrator have walked into myriad backlog regulations, hundreds of unanswered letters, and burdensome internal policies that hinder already efficient and effective work that the taxpayers expect to be done by this agency.  Just last week at a hearing we were having on agency reforms before the Senate Finance Committee that deals with this issue, we had Secretary Thompson and Administrator Scully pleading with us to keep new tasks away from the agency so that the catchup work on these existing responsibilities can be done.  I quote Secretary Thompson on that very point. He used the new name, the Center for Medicare Services. He said:       The Center for Medicare Services right now is overloaded      with HIPAA and with the privacy rules and regulations,      with Medicare and Medicaid, and SCHIP, and so on.  Rather than listing all of the other responsibilities, he said:       I do not think we can really take on any more      responsibilities.  That is the Secretary who has the responsibility of carrying out the laws that we already passed, along with the regulations that have to be written to enforce those laws. He would like to get those out of the way before he gets any additional new responsibilities.  I want to take just a few minutes to share some important examples of how this agency in the past has been unable to meet its existing obligations.  In 1996, Congress passed the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. That is the act that Secretary Thompson referred to as HIPAA. We passed it. To date, the agency is over 3 years behind on implementing major provisions of that 1996 act.  The agency is almost 2 years behind in implementing a fee schedule for ambulance services that was mandated in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. There were several more mandates in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 that have had no regulations published at all, such as how regional carriers will process clinical laboratory claims, and how durable medical equipment suppliers must comply with the surety bond requirements.  And get this: In 1986, Congress passed very sweeping legislation to make sure that the delivery of quality care in the nursing homes of America, and the agency took 8 years, from the date of enactment, to publish the enforcement regulations on the nursing home laws.  Even more egregious, there are no final regulations published for the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, a program enacted into law over 10 years ago.  So the list goes on and on. I hope you can see this is an agency that is already overloaded and is seriously behind on many Federal mandates Congress has put in place over the last decade; and in the case of nursing home laws, a decade and a half ago.  We cannot expect, nor should we expect, that this agency is capable of enforcing patients' protections under this legislation.  The Secretary of Health and Human Services has already told us they are working 24/7 to improve operations and responsiveness for their existing programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid.  In the end, it is the patient who is going to suffer when patient protection regulations get delayed or are improperly enforced or, in some instances, such as the nursing home laws, for 8 years, not enforced at all.  That is exactly what will happen under the Kennedy-McCain bill where the sole responsibility of enforcing and implementing patient protection certification falls on the agency that formerly was called the Health Care Financing Administration.  I cannot support the Kennedy-McCain bill with these meaningless enforcement provisions. In fact, it would be irresponsible to do so when the agency itself has made very clear to the public that they will not be able to handle any new patient protection mandates.  I do not presume that Senator Kennedy and Senator McCain meant for this provision of their legislation to be meaningless in its enforcement. But, as a practical matter, if HCFA is already overloaded, and if they are already not writing the regulations for legislation that has been passed over the past 10 years, the ultimate result of passing this bill this way--putting this responsibility on the Health Care Financing Administration--is that it will not be enforced any more than the nursing home laws, which as I said were left unenforced for 8 years.  So I have come to the conclusion that the Collins-Nelson amendment is the right thing to do. Why fool the American people? Washington bureaucrats do not always know best. And we, as Congressmen, if we have not lost touch with the grassroots of America, and if we exercise a little common sense, we ought to be able to show to a majority of this body--and for a majority of this body to understand--that if HCFA cannot carry out the law, if they have not carried out a lot of mandates of the Congress of the United States in the past decade, why would you put more responsibilities on their back? If you want patient protection, then let it be done where it can be done, and that is in those States that have meaningful enforcement laws already for patient protection, because this amendment allows States to maintain the hard-fought patient protections they have put in place for their own citizens. And the amendment encourages States to develop even stronger protections.  So I urge my colleagues to support this approach, one that recognizes thevital role that States play in tailoring patient protections to best meet the needs of their respective citizens.  I thank the Chair.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Dayton). The Senator from Wyoming.  