 President, the main point I make is those who say this bill does not give any relief to those in the 15-percent bracket have not read the bill: That is, the argument that the 15-percent statutory rate should be reduced to 14 percent; otherwise nobody in the 15-percent bracket benefits. They say the taxpayers in the 15-percent rate bracket are shorted because the statutory rate itself is not reduced as in this amendment from 15 to 14 percent. This argument fails to take into consideration the benefits in this bill that are given to the 15-percent taxpayers.  Simple math will show how wrong they are. This 1-percent decrease in the 15-percent rate is less than a 7-percent reduction of the rate itself. It is simple. Just divide 1 percent by 15 percent and come up with the 7-percent reduction I stated.  In contrast, and to show there is a reduction in taxes for people in the 15-percent rate, the Joint Tax Committee of the Congress--remember, these are the professionals who are nonpartisan; they are advising Republicans and Democrats alike--say the bill before the Senate provides between 9 percent for some in the 15-percent bracket and 33 percent of relief for the 15-percent bracket taxpayer.  It happens that taxpayers in the lower end of the 15-percent bracket received the greatest reduction. That would be 33 percent; those at the upper end received the 9-percent reduction.  Of course, this relief is created by the various benefits in the bill targeted toward taxpayers falling within the 15-percent rate bracket. Look at the choice. The amendment on the other side provides a 7-percent decrease. Our bill provides 9 percent to 33 percent of relief.  This ought to seem like a very simple decision unless you take the position that we can still do more. Their amendment provides a mere thimbleful of tax relief for 15-percent taxpayers. Their amendment creates a smokescreen to try to fool these Americans into believing they are getting substantial tax relief.  Under our across-the-board tax relief package, everyone gets substantial tax relief. No one is left behind. The average benefit is a 9-percent reduction in tax burdens. Those at the lower end income levels get far more than 9 percent. Senator Baucus has said 75 percent of the benefits go to taxpayers making less than $75,000. These are reasons why I hope Members will vote against this amendment.  I suggest the absence of a quorum and ask the time be applied equally to both sides.  