 One, if tax cuts and new spending are treated similarly, then under Chairman Conrad's methodology, the Democratic caucus package is $350 billion bigger than the Republican caucus package. That is a 2-to-1 ratio in favor of new spending. Alternatively, maybe Senator Conrad is arguing that in scoring there should be a bias against tax cuts and in favor of new spending by assuming that new spending is temporary.  Since a key element of the budgeteers' principles was long-term budget effect, you would think Senator Conrad would have more carefully considered the 10-year cost of new appropriations and new entitlements. It seems to me he graded these plans long before he analyzed them. How else can Senator Conrad explain the laxity of the long-term spending effect?  Adding new appropriations and new entitlement spending to the budget, even if labeled temporary, brings a long-term budget cost. Otherwise, we are trying to kid people. When was the last time we cut the appropriations baseline or a new entitlement? It doesn't happen around here.  Now keep in mind that I have also asked the Joint Committee on Taxation to score the permanent effect of temporary tax cuts in each plan, but I do not have that analysis yet. I have had my staff work on it. They tell me it might narrow the gap some but would simply add to the total 10-year cost of each plan. Keep in mind that in making this comparison, I did not include the revenue loss of the Democratic caucus plan.  When former Senator Bradley left this body, he cited many reasons for leaving. One of the colorful references was to the deterioration of the level of floor debate. He referred to Senate debate as deteriorating to competing partisan cartoon-type characters endlessly talking past one another. Unfortunately, yesterday's attack charts seem to me to illustrate the deterioration of the respect to which Senator Bradley was referring.  A few months ago, the Washington Post reported approvingly of the Democratic leadership's message strategy. The article referred to a blackboard with a basic daily or weekly message. Apparently, yesterday's message was to attack a good-faith Republican caucus position and to attack me. I guess I say good job, or congratulations are in order, because the people who did it pulled off a well-coordinated attack.  What did such a harsh attack accomplish? When I go back to my farm this weekend, I imagine some of the folks back home might ask what the point of all that was. That is where I am, Mr. President. What is the point of this excessive partisan gamesmanship? What is the point of dumbing down the level of civility around here?  I say all these things in a constructive manner--from a person who just yesterday met with Senator Baucus to talk about a process of getting a stimulus package--hopefully, a bipartisan stimulus package--to the floor of the Senate. Although the transgressors in this case were Democrats, at times even my own Republicans have done the same thing. In this case, though, there really seems to be a Democratic rule book that includes a double standard.  So as one who practices bipartisanship, I say to those who talk about it: Practice what you preach.  As I said, I will have more to say in a comprehensive way about some of Senator Conrad's attacks on the specific pieces of the Senate Republican stimulus package.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  