 President, I thank the majority for permission to modify my motion.  Mr. President, I rise to speak in favor of my motion to commit the Kennedy-McCain bill to the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, Judiciary, and Finance Committees with instructions that these committees report the bill out in 14 days.  On a preliminary note, I thank the good counsel of Senators Thompson and Hatch. Yesterday, they reminded me that the Kennedy-McCain bill also includes a series of provisions on liability that fall under Judiciary's jurisdiction and have never been reviewed by that committee either. Thus, I have modified my motion to include the Judiciary Committee along with the HELP and Finance Committees.  I am deeply troubled that the Kennedy-McCain bill has bypassed the relevant committees and has been brought directly to the floor--without one hearing, without one markup, and without public input into this particular bill.  As I made very clear on the floor yesterday, I strongly believe that patient protections are critical to every hard-working American who relies on the managed care system. We need a strong and reliable patients' rights bill and I'm supportive of this effort 100 percent. What we do not need is a bill, like Kennedy-McCain, that exposes employers to unlimited liability, drives up the cost of health insurance, and ultimately increases the number of Americans without health coverage.  Instead, I believe we should protect patients by ensuring access to needed treatments and specialists, by making sure each patient gets a review of any claim that may be denied, and above all by ensuring that Americans' who rely on their employers for health care can still get this coverage. I'm confident these goals can be reached.  However, the very fact that our new leadership brought the Kennedy-McCain legislation directly to the floor without proper committee action, violates the core of the Senate process.  I know my colleagues on the other side will waste no time accusing me of delaying this bill, but the truth is, had the relevant committees been given the opportunity to consider the Kennedy-McCain legislation in the first place, I would not be raising these objections.  By bringing this bill directly to the floor, the message seems to me to be loud and clear: that the new chairmen under the new Democratic leadership are merely speedbumps on the road to the floor.  I guess, as a former chairman who hopes to be chairman again in the near future, I do not particularly enjoy being a speedbump. But there's something much more important at stake--process. A flawed process, more often than not, will lead to a flawed legislative product. We are seeing that point in spades on this legislation.  Does anyone really think that if we had followed regular order and gone through the committee process that the bill before us would be in worse shape? Would we still be sitting around wondering where this bill is going? Or would it be necessary to define the employer liability exception with Senator Gramm's amendment?  I guess I have more confidence in the committees of jurisdiction than the new leadership and sponsors of this bill do. 