 President, this is a bipartisan piece of legislation. Members might wonder, if the Governor of Illinois and mayor of Chicago have reached an agreement on expanding O'Hare Airport, why have the legislation? The legislation is very important because this issue has been hanging around for a long time. We want to make sure that somebody coming down the road doesn't change it.  O'Hare is a very key national and international hub airport. I am notfrom Illinois, but for the people in my State of Iowa, particularly the major airports of Des Moines and Cedar Rapids, from the standpoint of the cost of service and the fact that service is not always certain, plus the fact that several smaller airports in Iowa do not have access to O'Hare and are very interested in what happens at O'Hare; Iowans are very concerned about O'Hare. It has to do with the traveling public, both tourists as well as business, and it also has something to do, in turn, with the economic development of a State such as mine because air transportation is so important to economic development.  O'Hare is a key national and international hub airport, especially for Iowa. When O'Hare sneezes, the rest of the country gets the flu. Modernization of O'Hare is very important to Iowa's economy. It will help prevent future congestion problems and delays that plague air travelers.  It will make air travel more efficient and less frustrating. And it will be easier and more pleasant for air travelers to come to Iowa. Without a doubt, more on-time flights will be a big help for business travel, where time is money.  The plan to modernize O'Hare will also make it a safer airport. We're all more focused on air safety after September 11. Air travel security means more than screening passengers and baggage. It means safe take-offs and landings. Today, the runway configuration at O'Hare is not as safe as it could be. The new plan will eliminate dangerous cross-runways. There will be more parallel runways. It will also include more modern electronic instrumentation.  I appreciate the way the governor and the mayor got together and worked out a plan. When I first started pressing for a solution to the O'Hare problem last spring, I knew it wouldn't be an easy process for anyone. But it's been a very successful process. It won the support of the airline pilots and air traffic controllers. It produced a compromise that everyone can be proud of.  Now Congress needs to do its part to ensure the success of this hard work. That means immediate passage of the Durbin-Grassley legislation. I look forward to working with my colleagues to make this happen--even in the short time left--prior to adjournment.  