 President, I thank the distinguished Senator for yielding me time. I will address one specific issue of the bill, which is the farmer savings account, and then I would like to speak to the trade-distorting aspects of the farm bill legislation that is before us, which the Cochran-Roberts amendment takes into consideration and alleviates a lot of problems that other farm proposals before us have.  I will start with the farmer savings account. I want to make clear the farmer savings account is not an idea that comes only from America. Other countries, not exactly as in this bill, have come up with the idea of farmer savings accounts to help sustain family farmers from two standpoints: One, in a way that is not trade distorting and violative of the trading agreements; and, two, to continue support for the family farmer in a way that is not trade distorting.  Few occupations face more uncertainties than agriculture. Each spring, farmers across the nation put their seed in the ground and pray for sufficient rain and heat. A single storm during the growing season can wipe out an entire year's work and place farmers in dire financial distress. Each fall, farmers go to the fields to harvest their crops, the value of which is completely subject to volatile and unpredictable commodity markets.  As a result of these factors, farmers experience frequent cyclical downturns in income which can make it difficult to continue their operations from one year to the next. Farmers need the ability to offset these cyclical downturns by deferring income from more prosperous years to use during the lean years.  The farmer savings accounts provision in the Roberts-Cochran title would allow a producer to establish a farm counter-cyclical savings account in the name of the producer in a bank or financial institution that has been approved by the Ag Secretary. The Secretary would provide a matching contribution that is equal to the amount deposited by the producer into the account, up to a maximum of 2 percent of the average adjusted gross revenue of the producer.  A producer could withdraw the account funds from the account if the estimated net income for a year from the agricultural enterprises of the producer is less than the adjusted gross revenue of the producer.  It is important to keep in mind that unlike other counter-cyclical programs before the Senate, this counter-cyclical approach is not dependent on commodity prices, farm production, or farm income. Therefore, this approach is ``green-box,'' or fully compliant with our international trade obligations. It would not subject our farmers to the possibility of retaliation by our trading partners.  Moreover, this amendment benefits producers of non-program commodities that would otherwise be ineligible for assistance under our federal farm support programs. Producers of livestock, fruits, and vegetables are often overlooked by our federal farm programs. This amendment would give these producers the same counter-cyclical self-help program that it gives producers of program commodities.  In recent years, I have strongly advocated the creation of FARRM accounts to allow farmers to deposit funds in an account and defer income taxes for 5 years. Of course, this legislation would have to be considered within the context of the Finance Committee.  The provision we are considering would ensure that matching contributions equal to the amount deposited by the family farmer, up to a maximum of 2 percent of the average adjusted gross revenue of the producer, would be placed in special savings accounts.  I have been an advocate of this idea for a very long time. In fact, this is similar to the provision I introduced in my own commodity title working draft earlier this fall. This type of proposal will provide farmers an incentive to save money when they have the money to save. With this type of program, farmers can begin to fashion their own countercyclical protection.  Now, this program sometimes is belittled with the fact that farmers are not making enough money to put away anything in savings. Let's not try to set a pattern and assume something for 2.5 million farmers, because 2.5 million farmers are not one to the other the same; they each have different circumstances. We can provide an environment where the farmer can make a determination for himself. This bill does that.  In addition, if we are successful in advancing this concept through the Senate, I will push hard to protect these funds from up-front taxable consequences by modifying the bipartsan farm accounts legislation I have already introduced in the Senate.  In conclusion, I urge my Senate colleagues to support the Roberts-Cochran amendment. This amendment will give all farmers the much-needed opportunity to help themselves through less prosperous years. And it meets this need without risking a violation of our international trade agreements.  Now, when it comes to the trade issues, I don't think there has been enough discussion either in the other body or this body on the impact of various proposals on our trade agreements with the concern about whether or not they violate trade agreements so we can be retaliated against. The Cochran-Roberts proposal takes that into consideration.  Our family farmers are highly dependent on exports. For instance, in a given year, the United States exports about one-quarter to one-third of the farm products it produces, either as agricultural commodities or in a value-added form. For the past 25 years, the U.S. has exported far more agricultural goods than it has imported.  One of the principal benefits of the Uruguay Round negotiations, perhaps the most important benefit for U.S. agriculture, was the improved condition of market access. For the first time, all agricultural tariffs were ``bound,'' and agricultural tariffs were reduced by 36 percent on average over a 6-year period.  In addition, the U.S. made a binding commitment not to exceed its amber box spending limitation. Because we take our legally binding commitments seriously, and because we want our trading partners to do the same, we have never violated those commitments. Were we to do so, the United States and its trading partners would likely be subjected to harmful trade retaliation.  What would retaliation mean for our family farmers?  If a WTO complaint were brought against the United States for exceeding its domestic support commitments, it is possible that many countries could become complainants in the case and allege injury to their farmers and their economy.  If the U.S. were found in violation of our trade obligations, we would be expected to change our current farm program, midstream. If we were not able to, the complaining countries would receive authorization to retaliate by raising duties on U.S. goods.  The likely first target of any retaliation would be U.S. agricultural exports, because countries fashion their retaliation lists to pressure the non-complaint country to change its practices. The products chosen for retaliation are those that are the most successful exports.  For example, U.S. exports of animal feed products and components could be targeted. This could affect corn, soybeans, wheat, beef, pork, or any of our agricultural exports. However, a country would not be limited to agricultural goods only; if it did not import significant amounts of U.S. agricultural goods, a successful complaining party could also target industrial products.  Tariff retaliation against U.S. agricultural products would back products into the U.S. market placing ever greater downward pressure on domestic price. U.S. farm domestic prices would weaken even further, and this could cause the price of U.S. farm programs to rise dramatically.  This would particularly be true in basic farm commodities such as wheat, corn, and soybeans where a large portion of the U.S. crop is exported. But if the programs that supported the commodity price were the same programs that were violating our trade commitments, we would not be allowed to provide our family farmers any support, at least above that limit.  If our farmers experience a bad year and our farm programs pay out large amounts in no-trade compliant payments, we would be forced to freeze or alter our farm assistance payments. Simply put, the type of program the Senate Agriculture Committee approved would fail family farmers when their need is the greatest.  Also, tariff retaliation against U.S. industrial goods due to excessive ``amber-box'' ag spending could create a substantial political backlash against U.S. farm programs. U.S. exporters of non-agricultural products who might suddenly be caught in the crossfire of retaliation would demand that their government officials correct the problem so that they can regain their hard-earned access to foreign exports.  U.S. credibility would be undercut if it were determined that the United States was not living up to its current commitments. It's very realistic that the Democratic farm bill we are considering would cause U.S. farmers to become increasingly dependent upon government payments that could vanish at a time when the economic situation is worsening and the federal budget surplus is disappearing.  A decision by the United States to exceed its WTO domestic subsidy commitments would undermine the current Uruguay Round arrangement and make it much harder for the United States to achieve a workable multilateral agreement in the new WTO trade negotiations. This could be extremely important to farmers if the budget surplus evaporates and Congress is unable, or unwilling, in more difficult economic times to continue to fund farm programs at recent levels.  It is very important the farm bill we pass be one that advances our trade agenda and does not hinder it. The farm bill needs to help family farmers, not limit their potential marketplace. Family farmers in Iowa and across the United States need profitability, and there is no profitability check from the Federal Government. The profitability comes from the marketplace. The Government cannot provide profitability, only that marketplace can. I think the Cochran-Roberts legislation has taken us to a point where we can be WTO compliant, help our farmers, and move ahead.  