 President, I know the Senator from New York wants to help people who need it. We all understand the importance of education. I go back to my opening statement and refer to the process by which this bill was brought about and the balance that is in it.  I know the Senator from New York doesn't mean to be selfish. And I don'tmean ``selfish'' for the college students he is trying to help, but the Senator is somewhat selfish in what we can do in one bill. For instance, he wants me to consider his point of view in spending more for college tuition. This may even be bipartisan; I don't know whether it will end up partisan or bipartisan. But either way, the Senator is asking us to consider his point of view being presented before the Senate while trying to undo a very carefully crafted, bipartisan compromise that was worked out between people such as Senator Kyl on the one hand and Senator Lincoln on the other dealing with the estate tax.  Maybe if you think the super rich in New York don't need anything done about the estate tax, that is perfectly legitimate. Maybe that is not being selfish, if you think about the small businesspeople of America who live moderately throughout their entire working career because they have to pour everything back into the business and they want to leave it to their kids, and we are raising the threshold, raising the unified credit so that doesn't have to happen, and this isn't even talking about doing away with the estate tax 10 years from now. We are only talking about raising unified credit and preserving the small businesses and the small farms, or you might say large businesses and large farms that are affected by it, but you are taking away from that to do what you want.  It is carefully crafted politically. It is crafted to look at as many interests as we can.  What is ludicrous about the approach is that for the last 2 months during the budget debate the Senator was one who was voting we should not have a $1.6 trillion tax cut, should not have a $1.35 trillion tax cut. I don't know about the $950 billion bill that the Democrats put in, but 12 months ago people of the Senator's party didn't want any tax cuts at all. I hope Members are thanking President Bush that he ran on a program to cut taxes and got elected and he is performing in office the way he ran the campaign, keeping his campaign promise. We wouldn't even have a tax bill before us so that you could do what you want to do for your college students.  I wonder if the Senator has thought this through? We have Senator Lincoln on your side, working with Senator Kyl, for a very carefully crafted provision that is in this bill that, quite frankly, was a major problem for your ranking member, Senator Baucus. He didn't want to do as much as I wanted to do in this area or Senator Kyl or Senator Lincoln. But, as a matter of compromise, he went along with this so we could have a bill, a bipartisan bill, and make the process of bipartisanship work.  I am a little frustrated about the process. I am not even talking about the merits of your bill. I want to deal with the merits. I wonder if the Senator has thought about the condition in which you put Senator Lincoln and Senator Kyl, how you can intellectually approach this sort of a deal on a $1.3 trillion tax cut, and the Senator didn't even want any tax cuts.  