 President, the Treasury Department has provided us with data showing the number of farms and small businesses, on a state-by-state basis, that would benefit from the President's tax relief plan. This data is reflected in the two charts that I have placed here on the floor.  So now, let's go to our charts and examine the number of small businesses and farms operating in each of our states.  And let's ask ourselves whether the life's work reflected on these charts deserves to be honored by relieving these people of an excessive tax burden.  We continue to hear our Democrat colleagues claim that other provisions in the budget should be increased at the expense of the tax cut.  Well, let's get one thing very clear. Any reduction in the amount of the tax cut means that the benefits of the tax cut proposal are reduced.  We do know what the other side of the aisle intends to take in order to pay for politically motivated expenditures--they intend to take away America's tax cut! So let's take a look at what this would mean to the American taxpayer.  This means that for families with children, the $1,000 child care credit would be reduced for each child in America. And that will occur for every year of the $1,000 credit.  It means that for four-person families earning $45,000 a year will not have their taxes cut in half, as called for in the President's plan.  It means that a four-person family earning $35,000 a year could be subjected to income taxes. The President would take those families off the tax rolls.  It means that expansion of the education savings accounts could be scaled back.  It means that the marriage penalty will continue because there won't be enough funds left to fix it.  It means that small business owners and farmers will see an increase in their tax rates above the levels proposed by the President. They are already paying the highest levels of tax since World War II.  So remember. Every time there is a politically motivated amendment to reduce the size of the tax cut, someone is going to pay a price for that.  So who pays the price of this political posturing?  Families, small business owners and farmers, of course, because their well-deserved tax relief will have to be scaled back.  The bipartisan amendment would add $5 billion in fiscal year 2001 and $58.5 billion between fiscal year 2002 and fiscal year 2011 to agriculture's mandatory commodity credit corporation price supports, related programs and conservation. Adding $63.5 billion to the existing $94.2 billion already assumed in the baseline would total $157 billion of support.  The amendment would stabilize net cash farm income, provide enough funding to greatly strengthen a countercyclical program, provide additional money for regulatory relief, enhance conservation efforts, and be fiscally responsible.  From fiscal year 2002 through fiscal year 2011 the Johnson/Conrad amendment is funded out of the tax cut. Our amendment is funded out of the contingency surplus. In plain language, they take $88 billion out of tax cuts, we don't.  The major criticism raised last night was that it doesn't spend enough money. This is seemingly always the Democratic philosophy: If a little is good, a boat load is better. Well, let me tell you, that's bunk.  The USDA's Economic Research Service has forecast that on-farm income will drop $5.7 billion between 2000 and 2001. But starting in 2002, both the Food and Agricultural Policy Research Institute widely held to be the best source of non-partisan ag-economic information available, and the Congressional Budget Office have forecast that almost all major commodities will realize improved prices. There will not be dramatic growth, but there will be improvement.  We have funded our proposal at $7.35 billion in fiscal years 2003, 2004, and 2005. This far exceeds estimated shortcomings of on farm net income and provides enough flexibility to help with the cost imposed by new environmental regulations through EPA.  But if your goal is to hurt the family farmer, we should pass a boat load of money here today, then we can stand back and watch cash rent shoot through the roof. Ask any farmer who rents ground how much their rent has increased in the last three years. It's sure not due to inherent value in the land because our commodities have experienced record low prices, yet rent has increased dramatically.  I am not saying we shouldn't help farmers. I have been one of the strongest supporters of increased agriculture spending for additional payments in the Senate. I have also always tried to find bipartisan ground, and I know Senator Conrad knows this because I have often reached out to Senator Conrad and Senator Kerrey from Nebraska, when he was in the Senate, to reach that bi-partisan position.  The Grassley-Miller amendment allows us to accomplish the same things we have done for agriculture in the past three years, and also gives us the flexibility to write an outstanding farm bill that fits the need of our family farmers.  Now I want to mention one last point. Remember the crop insurance legislation that we passed last year?Two years ago we provided budget authority for crop insurance and the Agriculture Committee couldn't pass a bill out. The next year Senator Roberts and Senator Bob Kerrey found middle-ground and developed a bipartisan, broadly supported crop insurance bill. The problem was it didn't fit the number that we had provided in the Budget. When the Agriculture Committee came back to the Budget Committee and explained the dilemma, Chairman Domenici, Senator Conrad, and myself provided flexibility in the budget to accommodate the legislation.  Let me offer this thought: If the Agriculture Committee finds a bipartisan position that widely accepted as the right thing to do, in a similar fashion to the crop insurance legislation, we will work on providing more flexibility, but for now let's start here.  