 President, the Senator from Minnesota has been building a Potemkin village against this bill over a period of 3 years. We have dealt with many of the houses and buildings that have been put up. First, it was child support. That has quieted down. Then it was the unemployed. That has quieted down. Then it was those who were in a divorce with special problems. That has quieted down.  We have destroyed almost every one of these homes in your village except this one of medical expenses, and it keeps coming up. It started last spring when the Time magazine story came out about how this bill was so unfair to certain families in America.  I assure the Senator that every one of those families mentioned in that story would have been able to take bankruptcy even if our bill were law. Most of those are people who had medical expenses.  This paper house of medical expenses comes up again. I have said so many times in this debate, not just this year but last year, that we allow under this bill 100 percent of the medical expenses to be deducted in determining whether somebody can file under chapter 7 and have the ability to pay. If 100 percent of expenses are not enough, will 101 percent or 102 percent or 110 percent satisfy the Senator? I would almost be willing to give it to the Senator.  I know the Senator says he has to have his amendment or we go through a certain procedure. What does the Senator from Minnesota think the whole process of bankruptcy is about? If we did not have that process, everybody would be gaming the system. We have people gaming the system now.  I just read a story put out by the credit union people about somebody from the Senator's State who had made it very clear why he was going into bankruptcy, and he spent the next 3 months traveling through the South after he retired.  What we are trying to do is bit by bit destroy these faults, these structures built against this bill, and I think we have destroyed them all. I hope this vote on the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota will put this issue of medical expenses to rest once and for all.  The very same people the Senator wants to make sure get a fresh start, I want to make sure get a fresh start, and they are going to be able to do it under our bill. They do not need the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota to do it.  I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  