 I have said many times on the floor of the Senate, we are here with a bipartisan bill only because of his willingness to work with us and our desire to have a bipartisan bill as opposed to a partisan debate. I think that is the way the Senate Finance Committee normally works. I am glad to have it work in this particular instance.  As we come to the end of our 20 hours of deliberation and begin voting on amendments, I want to make some final comments.  This is a bipartisan effort. This bill was drafted in concert with Senator Baucus and with the benefit of the comments of all the members of the Finance Committee with whom I consulted personally.  We took as a starting point President Bush's efforts to provide income tax relief to all Americans. This legislation includes the four main elements of President Bush's goals of providing tax relief to working men and women.  First, this legislation reduces marginal rates at all levels and creates the new 10 percent level proposed by the President. While we don't go as far as the President in reducing the top rates--and I would add we didn't go as far as I would like--we also began to address the hidden marginal rate increases such as PEPS and PEASE that complicate the code.  As I said earlier today, America is a society of opportunity. Over 60 percent of all families will at one time or another be in the top fifth of income in this country. A man will make more at 55, after 30 years of hard work, then he did at 25. A family should not face a crushing marginal rate tax burden when they finally get a good paycheck for a few years as a reward for many, many years of hard work.  Second, we provide income tax relief for married families--for families where both spouses work and where only one spouse works. In addition, thanks to the strong advocacy of Senator Jeffords, we expand the earned income credit for married families with children. Further, there was wide bipartisan agreement to simplify the earned income credit which will mean that hundreds of thousands of more children will receive the EIC benefits.  Third, the President's desire to expand the child credit to $1,000 is met in this bill. And in response to the concerns of Senators Snowe, Lincoln, Breaux, Jeffords, and Kerry the child credit was expanded to help millions of children whose working parents do not pay income tax.  Fourth, the burden of the death tax is reduced and finally eliminated--as called for by President Bush. The committee was successful in this effort due to the work of many Senators but I would particularly note the efforts of Senators Kyl and Lincoln.  Thus, this bill contains the four main elements of President Bush's efforts to provide tax relief for working families--marginal rate reduction, relief for married families, the expansion of the child credit and the reduction and ultimate elimination of the death tax.  I remind my colleagues again that the hallmark of this bill is that relief for low income families comes first. The marginal rate drop to 10 percent is immediate, the child credit expansion to low income families is immediate, the expansion of EIC is immediate.  In addition, the numbers show that the Finance Committee took President Bush's proposal--which was already quite progressive as compared to current law--that is, at the end of the day upper income families would be paying a greater share of taxes than lower income--and the Finance Committee made the President's proposal even more progressive.  The greater progressivity and ensuring that low income families are first in receiving the benefits of the tax cut is certainly due in no small part to the work of Senator Baucus.  So I am somewhat chagrined, reading in the press the constant carping of Senator Baucus' efforts to draft a bipartisan bill. It seems that while many are happy to talk about bipartisanship that can't stand to see bipartisanship practiced.  I can assure my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that if Senator Baucus had not been present at the creation of this bill--it would have been a very different piece of legislation. It is because of his efforts that there are many elements in the RELIEF Act that members on the other side of the aisle can enthusiastically support.  In addition to President Bush's proposals to provide tax relief to working families, the Finance Committee also included legislation that had already been considered by the Finance Committee earlier this year or last year.  I believe that not all good ideas come from just one end of Pennsylvania Avenue. Thus, we included the Grassley/Baucus pension reform legislation which probably would not have made it in the bill without the longtime support of Senators Hatch, Jeffords, and Graham.  In addition, the bill contains over $30 billion targeted for education. elements of this include language to expand the prepaid tuition programs to help families pay for college--long advocated by Senators Collins, McConnell, and Sessions. In addition, we provide college tuition deduction thanks to Senators Torricelli, Snowe, and Jeffords, private activity bonds for school construction in response to Senator Graham's concerns, as well as an expansion of the education savings accounts--in honor of Senator Coverdell--thanks to the work of Senator Torricelli and the majority leaders.  As I have said all along, no once got everything they wanted in this bill, including the chairman. But I do believe that everyone got something that they believe is important included in the RELIEF Act.  I have provided this outline of the legislation to remind Senators of the balanced approach that took place in crafting this legislation; to highlight the fact that it reflects the views and priorities of a wide range of members of the committee on both sides of the aisle; and, to explain why the RELIEF Act took the form it did.  But setting aside the priorities and concerns of Senators, none of us should forget the great winners of the RELIEF Act--the American taxpayer. We are providing the American taxpayer the greatest amount of tax relief in a generation. And they deserve it. It is wrong that in a time of surplus we are still imposing a record tax burden on workers.  With passage of the RELIEF Act struggling families will have more money to make ends meet; parents and students will be able to more easily afford the costs of a college education; a successful business woman will be able to expand and hire more people; a father finally getting a good paycheck after years of work will be able to better provide for his aging mother; and, a farmer can pass on the family farm without his children having to sell half the land to pay estate taxes.  The examples are endless of the great benefits that we realize when we give tax relief to working families.  I urge my colleagues to support the RELIEF Act for working families.  I yield the floor.  