 President, I oppose the amendment of Senator Wellstone dealing with payday loans. For people who aren't familiar with this kind of loan, payday loans occur when a borrower gives a personal check to someone else, and that person gives the borrower cash in an amount less than the amount of the personal check. The check isn't cashed if the borrower redeems the check for its full value within 2 weeks.  At the onset, I would like to point out the fact that payday loans are completely legal transactions in many states. If a financial transaction is perfectly legal under state law, I don't think that it is wise policy to use the bankruptcy code to try and undo that legal state transaction.  Using the Bankruptcy Code for this purpose leads to perverse results because the only people who will receive any benefit or relief will be those who file for bankruptcy. The amendment would deny payday lenders the right to sit at the bankruptcy bargaining table. So other people who use payday loans who never file for bankruptcy will not benefit from this amendment. These people who have taken out loans but don't take the easy way out in bankruptcy court will still have to pay back their loan. Therefore, you have the perverse result of people who do not have the money to file for bankruptcy who will have to pay the loan as agreed. Even if you share Senator Wellstone's distaste for payday loans, this amendment won't benefit the poorest of the poor because most of them do not seek bankruptcy relief.  I also think that the Wellstone amendment would have the effect of making it harder for the poor and those with bad credit histories to gain access to cash--the very people that Senator Wellstone is concerned about. People who use payday loans simply cannot get loans through traditional sources because they are too risky, so a payday loan may be the only way they can get quick cash to pay for family emergencies or essential home and auto repairs.  I know that the intentions of my friend from Minnesota are honorable, but the effect of this amendment would be to make it harder for poor people to get the help they need when they need it. So I urge my colleagues to reject the Wellstone payday amendment.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Brownback). The question is on agreeing to the motion to table amendment No. 36, as modified. The yeas and nays have been ordered. The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk called the roll.  