 President, I want to address the issue of tax cuts. It is an issue on which Republicans and Democrats all agree. We may not agree on how much taxes should be cut, but we do agree that the Federal Government is collecting too much tax. The current and projected U.S. tax receipts are far in excess of the amounts needed to operate the Federal Government. The most troubling news is that the bulk of these excess collections come from individual taxpayers. By coming from individual taxpayers, I mean through the individual income tax.  The Congressional Budget Office projects that the Federal Government will accumulate over $3.1 trillion in excess tax collections over the next 10 years. These excess collections are projected at the time when overall Federal tax receipts are at one of the highest levels in the history of the country. You will see from the charts that, even worse, individual income tax collections are near an all-time high, even higher than some levels imposed during World War II.  I have a series of charts to illustrate our present situation. The first chart Ihave shows total Federal tax receipts as a percentage of gross domestic product for the last 40 years. As you can see from this chart, tax receipts have fluctuated frequently since 1960. But they have escalated very significantly since 1993. The increase in receipts from 1965 to 1969 was attributable to the Vietnam conflict. The runup in receipts from 1976 to 1981 was caused by bracket creep, which occurs when inflation causes wages to increase, forcing people into ever higher rate brackets. We corrected the problem of bracket creep from inflation years ago.  However, the most shocking spike in tax receipts began, as you can see, in 1993. The Congressional Budget Office's January 2001 report to Congress shows that, in 1992, total tax receipts were around 17.2 percent of GDP. However, since that time, Federal receipts have spiked upward very rapidly. By the year 2000, Federal tax receipts had exploded to an astronomical 20.6 percent of GDP. The significance of this percentage can only be appreciated in a historical context.  In 1944, which was at the height of the buildup during World War II, taxes as a percentage of gross domestic product were 20.9 percent, only one-half percent higher than they are this very day. By 1945, those taxes had dropped to 20.4 percent of GDP, which is lower than the collection level this very day.  It is simply unbelievable to me that in times of unprecedented peace and prosperity, the Federal Government should rake in taxes at a level that exceeds the level needed to defend America and the rest of the world during World War II. It simply does not make sense that the Federal Government should be collecting this record amount of taxes.  As bad as what I said sounds, it is not the whole story. That is because Federal agencies are required to exclude a significant piece of Federal collections. I am talking about user fees that taxpayers pay in order to obtain Federal services. These are fees but are still money collected from the people of the United States by the Federal Government.  For example, when someone visits Yosemite or Yellowstone National Park, they pay an entrance fee. Businesses are often required to pay user fees to obtain services of the Federal agencies. The dirty little secret on user fees is that, under our budget laws, they are not included as Federal receipts. Instead, they are treated as an offset to the expenses of the Federal agency collecting those receipts. So you heard me right, they never really show up on the Federal books as money that the Federal Government collects. Under this treatment, user fees, then, are a stealth receipt, one that understates Federal revenues and understates Federal outlays by offsetting the agency's operating expenses. These fees I just mentioned are not insignificant. During the year 2000, they accounted for nearly $212 billion in hidden revenue and expenses. You see on this chart that with user fees, we soon get to an unprecedented tax level of 22.76 percent of gross domestic product.  The most sorry part of this whole story is that this huge increase in taxes has been borne almost exclusively by the individual American taxpayer. As this next chart shows, over the past decade, tax collection levels for payroll taxes, corporate taxes, and all other taxes have been relatively stable.  Just look, every color on that chart--other taxes, corporate taxes, payroll taxes--have been constant over the last decade. But look at the very significant increase in income taxes during that period of time. Corporate taxes during the past 10 years have increased from 1.6 percent of GDP to 2.1 percent. Estate taxes have remained essentially unchanged. Collections of individual income taxes have soared.  As this chart shows, in 1992, tax collections from individual income taxes were 7.7 percent of our gross domestic product. That percentage has risen steadily each year and, as of the year 2000, was an astounding 10.2 percent of gross domestic product. Any wonder, then, why the President and most Members of Congress believe there ought to be a tax cut? That is why the President and most members of his party believe there ought to be a significant tax cut and it ought to be concentrated on reducing income taxes.  Individual income taxes now take up the largest share of gross domestic product in history. Even during World War II, collections from individuals were 9.4 percent of the gross domestic product, nearly a full percentage point below the current level.  So, as you can see, the main source of the current and projected surpluses is from the huge runup in individual tax collections that have occurred since the passage of the biggest tax increase in the history of our country--the 1993 tax Clinton tax increase.  Admittedly, some of this increase is due to our booming economy. A portion of this increase is attributable to real gains in wages, which has forced people into higher tax rate brackets. This real wage growth increase is not compensated for by the usual indexing of income tax brackets.  Since 1992, total personal income has grown an average of 5.6 percent a year. In contrast, however, the Federal income tax collections have grown an average of 9.1 percent a year, outstripping the rate of personal income growth by 64 percent.  That fact alone is outrageous. And it is a simple enough reason why we need to do something about individual income taxes and let American working men and women keep more of their resources.  Again, this started with the biggest tax increase in the history of the country under President Clinton in 1993. The results of these increases are obvious from the charts that we have reviewed. Each chart shows a large increase in taxes from 1993 to the year 2000. The Joint Committee on Taxation, at the request of the Joint Economic Committee, estimated that just repealing the revenue-raising provisions of President Clinton's 1993 tax hike would yield tax relief of more than $1 trillion over 10 years.  So I think the Democrats and Republicans alike can agree, and should agree, that individual taxpayers deserve relief from the Federal Government's overtaxation.  We have a tax surplus. That tax surplus should go to the people who earned it in the first place. It should be retained by the taxpayers. It will do more economic good in their pockets than in the pockets of Federal bureaucrats and Members of Congress, and letting them make a determination of how that money is spent. Sometimes it burns such a hole in our pocket that we do not know how to get rid of it fast enough.  President Bush has offered a plan to reduce individual income tax rates across all rate brackets, and to reduce the number of brackets. This benefits all income tax payers across America. We hear, however, a hue and cry from some on the other side of the aisle that not all taxpayers should receive a rate reduction. We hear that the President's plan is disproportionately benefitting upper income taxpayers, and does not provide enough relief at the lower end of the income scale.  That is a bunch of baloney. We have some news for our colleagues: None of those allegations are true. To begin with, we need to first understand the current distribution of tax burdens in America. We have a highly progressive income tax system. According to the Congressional Budget Office, the top 20 percent of income earners pay over 75 percent of all individual income taxes. Now, by contrast, households in the bottom three-fifths of the income distribution pay 7 percent of all individual taxes.  The President's plan not only preserves this progressive system, but it actually makes it more progressive. Now that is going to sound strange to people who have been concentrating on the rhetoric coming from the other side of the aisle that somehow only the rich are benefitting from the tax cut. But I say--and I can justify through the reports of the Joint Tax Committee--that once the President's program is passed, we are going to end up with an even more progressive system.  So to all those who are trying to engage in class warfare over the President's proposal, I want you to pay special attention to the following two charts.  As this first chart demonstrates, the President's marginal rate reductions, when combined with his increase in the child credit, the additional deduction for lower earning spouses, and his refundable tax credit for individual health insurance, provide the greatestreduction in tax burden for lower income taxpayers. Just see the charts. The $0-to-$30,000 categories actually come out with a 136-percent decrease in taxes.  The upper income taxpayers receive an 8.7-percent reduction in their burdens. Compare a 136-percent reduction at the low income end to the high income end where the reduction is 8.7 percent.  Now, there has to be some reason for a 136-percent reduction in taxes. This is because we take 4 million taxpayers off the income tax rolls. A four-person family earning $35,000 a year will no longer have any income tax burden.  As this chart also shows, a large portion of tax burden reduction is targeted towards taxpayers making between $30,000 and $75,000 a year. These taxpayers will experience relief ranging from 20.8 percent to 38.3 percent of their current tax burdens. This is an important range of benefit because most small business owners and farmers operate their businesses as sole proprietorships, partnerships, limited liability corporations, or S corporations. The income of these types of entities are reported directly on the individual income tax returns of the owners, and a rate reduction for individuals reduces rates for farms and small businesses.  The Department of Treasury has estimated that at least 20 million farmers and small business owners will benefit under the President's tax relief plan when it is fully phased in.  Remember, I also said that the President's plan actually makes our tax system more progressive.  The next chart provides the proof. This is a very important chart for those who are constantly demagoging the President's proposal on the basis of income differences. This is the class warfare that we hear about.  As this chart clearly demonstrates, under the President's proposal, the overall tax burden goes down for all taxpayers earning below $100,000. For taxpayers making $100,000 and above, their share of the Federal tax burden will actually increase under the President's program. That demonstrates the statement I made earlier that based upon a Joint Tax Committee study, when the President's program is in place, the tax system will be more progressive than it is today.  Now, I will give some ``for examples.''  The share of the tax burden for taxpayers earning between $30,000 and $40,000 will drop from 2.5 percent to 1.8 percent. For those earning between $50,000 and $75,000, their burden share drops from 12.2 percent to 11.3 percent.  This is not the case for taxpayers earning $200,000 or more. Their share of the overall burden will increase by a full 3 percentage points. So as you can see, as I have said now for the third time, the President's plan not only retains the progressivity of our tax system, it actually enhances it. The President's plan gives tax relief to all income-tax payers, and it does so in a fair manner, one that requires more from those who are most able to pay and provides the greatest relief to those with the most need.  Moreover, this tax cut is needed to redress any longstanding slowdown in the economy. No one can witness the events of the past few weeks and not be concerned about where the economy is headed. I was startled by what I read in the Congressional Budget Office's 2001 Budget Options report. The Congressional Budget Office stated that a typical estimate of the economic cost of a dollar of tax revenue ranges from 20 cents to 60 cents over and above each dollar of taxes collected. Based on these numbers, the negative economic effects flowing from the current historically high levels of overtaxation obviously cannot be ignored.  We know from the Finance Committee hearing a few weeks ago that marginal rate reductions are the most efficient means of disbursing the benefits of any tax cut. Just think of the stimulative effect that could be achieved with a broad-based tax reduction that benefits all who pay taxes and targets the benefits to those who need them the most. That is what President Bush's tax plan does. I hope before this budget resolution debate is completed, we will have passed a budget resolution that gives my Finance Committee the ability and the flexibility to get the best possible tax reduction we can in a bipartisan way.  I want to run through a hypothetical calculation of a tax cut agenda and look at each number to see if it accommodates the agenda of its proponents. That is the work of the Senate Finance Committee. I will look at Senator Conrad's number of $900 billion. The proposal Senators Daschle, Conrad, and the Democratic leadership have been talking about is their stimulus and rate reduction package. Under Joint Tax Committee scoring, the proposal loses $506 billion over 10 years. That leaves about $394 billion for tax cuts that Senator Conrad and others have said they support. We are talking about other bills beyond what is in their stimulus and rate reduction package.  The Finance Committee's Democratic alternative on marriage tax relief without a sunset contains a revenue loss of $197 billion over 10 years. The Democratic alternative on death tax relief creates a revenue loss of $64 billion over 10 years. So using the Democratic proposals and last year's revenue estimates, which would only go up this year because of the higher revenue baseline, we have less than $133 billion left. Keep in mind, these are only the Democratic proposals we are talking about.  Now let's go to the bipartisan tax cuts that have passed either or both Houses recently. There is a retirement security bill; Senator Baucus and I will soon be introducing that. That is a bipartisan bill. A similar bill passed the House almost unanimously. That bill will run about $52 billion. A bill to repeal the 104-year-old Spanish-American War phone tax passed the House last year by an overwhelming vote. That will run about $50 billion. Then there is the small business and agriculture tax cuts that everybody supports in a bipartisan manner. That package adds up to about $70 billion. Then we have the Educational Tax Relief Act that passed out of our Finance Committee unanimously in the last couple weeks. That runs about $20 billion.  You have Democratic proposals that eat up more than the tax cuts they say they want. Then we have bipartisan proposals that are out there, that are very popular, and which have to fit into a package. These bipartisan tax cuts are left over from last year, and also exceed what is left in the Democratic budget.  Now we have heard a lot of pointed criticism of President Bush's tax cut plan from Senator Conrad and other leaders on the other side who are handling the Democratic management of the budget resolution. We have heard them talk about the issue of the alternative minimum tax, sometimes referred to as the AMT. Senator Conrad has said it will take $200 billion to $300 billion to fix this AMT problem under the Bush plan. Remember, under current law, 10 percent of the taxpayers will have to deal with the alternative minimum tax. Senator Conrad is correct that the President's plan could make the problem worse. As I have said, our Finance Committee should be addressing that problem. Please note, however, that the Senate Democratic economic stimulus package does nothing with the AMT and will in fact make the problem worse.  According to the Joint Tax Committee, by the year 2011 about 21 million taxpayers will be subject to AMT under current law. The Democratic bill will add about another 7 million taxpayers to the AMT hit. So if the Democratic leaders who make such a point of the AMT issue, then let them practice what they preach. These leaders will have to raise their budget tax cut numbers to deal with this alternative minimum tax situation.  Under the tests I have laid out, the Democratic budget number does not accommodate their own tax priorities. We have all of these Democrat proposals before us. We have all the bipartisan proposals, some of them actually having been voted on by both Houses of Congress. These are all ideas that everybody wants passed. But the number put forth for tax reduction by the other political party will not accommodate all the ideas they propose. I know there are a lot of people on the other side of the aisle, such as Senator Breaux, who know this.  I think those who have proposed numbers in the range between $2 trillion and $4 trillion are also pushing a wrong number. Most of those people are on my side of the aisle or, if not in the Senate, in the House of Representatives. That tax cut number does notbalance our priorities of paying down the debt and targeted spending increases.  I believe this brings us back to a low Democratic number that doesn't even accomplish all the tax policy they want adopted. The other extreme is people saying $1.6 trillion is not enough, it ought to be up near $2.5 trillion. This brings us to the point of President Bush's number that he proposed as being very appropriate. It is not appropriate just because President Bush proposed it. It is appropriate because it will allow us--particularly the Senate Finance Committee--to accommodate the bipartisan tax cut priorities that are before us.  Senator Breaux's number is better than the Democratic number because it allows more tax cuts to be addressed. It is, however, not enough--it does not provide enough flexibility for the Senate Finance Committee to do its work. Unlike the Democratic number, though, Senator Breaux's number might be enough to cover Democratic priorities, plus a little bit more. But it would ignore the President's priorities. In considering the number, I want to give you my angle, as Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee. Senator Baucus and I need the full $1.6 trillion to make the tax cuts that all of the Members of Congress are interested in doing and may have voted on.  I think that many in this body are looking at the 1.6 trillion number in terms of a win or a loss for President Bush, rather than whether it is the right policy. Many Republicans are tending to look at the number, or anything higher, as a win for the President. Democrats are looking at anything less than the number as a loss for President Bush. Senator Conrad and Senator Daschle have been explicit in their objective. They have worked very hard to try to defeat the President's tax cut.  Let me give you an example. I just talked to my staff on a piece of legislation that I am trying to get budget authority for. I had 20 Democrats lined up for the Family Opportunity Act--a bill that last year had 78 cosponsors--and we are getting close to that number this year. But we weren't taking the money for the bill out of the tax cut. So the message went out: Don't help Grassley.  Now, thank God, the main leader on the other side in that effort who is working with me, Senator Kennedy, has assured me he is going to be with me on what we ought to do. We are going to do the right thing. But that is how desperate the other side is to make sure that there is some victory of subtraction from the $1.6 trillion, just so the President can be defeated. We have to look at the numbers, whatever those numbers are, in terms of the tax cut agenda that is out there, including the President's and our own.  So, Mr. President, when Senator Breaux's amendment comes up tomorrow, while it is well-intentioned, it just doesn't provide the Finance Committee with the tools necessary to do the job of delivering bipartisan tax relief.  I want to take about 2 minutes--and then I will finish--on another item related to the recent debate.  I was stimulated to give these remarks based upon the overuse of the word ``raiding''--the word ``raid'' or the word ``raiding''--like we are raiding the Medicare trust fund. I speak mostly about the leadership on the other side of the aisle. The manager for the Democrats speaks very well and very clearly. But I want to focus his attention on Webster's Dictionary. So I want to speak to Senator Conrad and others who have suggested that the Domenici budget and the amendments that we have adopted will raid the Medicare trust fund.  I understand how tempting it is to use such colorful language, but I want to point out to my colleagues what the definition of the word ``raid'' is. As I read from Webster's dictionary, it says, ``a sudden hostile attack by an armed, usually mounted, bandit intent on looting.''  Well, I suppose we have to use some words from Sol Olinsky's school of political activism--which says that the more extreme you can be, the more attention you are going to get. There are some people in this body who have great aptitude in that respect. But, obviously, any people who study our budget process and who know what a Medicare trust fund is, or what any trust fund is, will know that no one is raiding the Medicare trust fund. I will explain what is really going on.  Under the Domenici budget, Medicare will collect payroll taxes. Those taxes will be credited to the balance in the trust fund. That balance will be reserved for Medicare and is reserved only for Medicare. The Medicare trust fund is just like your bank account. When you make a deposit, your bank account increases the balance in your account, and only you can make a withdrawal from your own personal bank account.  Now, when Senator Conrad talks about raiding the Medicare trust fund, he is trying to mislead us. He wants people to believe that we are reducing the balance in the Medicare trust fund for some other purpose. That is just not true. The balance in the Medicare trust fund can only be reduced to pay Medicare benefits. That is the law.  Our budget does nothing to change the law. Once you get past the rhetoric, you will see this debate is not about Medicare, it is about debt reduction. In Senator Conrad's view, we have to use the Medicare surplus to pay down the debt, or else we are raiding Medicare. Now, going back to the example of your own personal bank account, that is like saying your bank has to use your deposit to pay off the bank's mortgage, or else it is raiding your bank account. As everybody who has a bank account knows, that is clearly absurd because when you deposit money in your bank account, you rely on the bank's ability to collect on its loans to repay your money. When the Government borrows from Medicare, we rely on the Government's ability to do one of three things--raise taxes, reduce spending, or borrow from the public to repay Medicare.  It might be easier to repay Medicare if we pay down the debt. But the fact is, we are already doing that, as you have heard so many times during these three days of debate. Under our Domenici budget resolution, we are going to pay down every dollar of national debt that can be paid down between now and the year 2001.  Now, I believe that Senator Conrad knows that is true. So that is why he has stopped talking about public debt and he is now started talking about long-term debt.  ``Reducing long-term debt'' is a secret code word for Social Security and Medicare reform. Of course, we have not been presented a plan to reform Social Security or Medicare from the other side of the aisle. As a result, we can only conclude that once the Government runs out of public debt to pay down, it will be forced to invest Social Security and Medicare funds in private assets.  Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has warned that such investments will disrupt the financial market and reduce the efficiency of our economy. Chairman Greenspan is not the only one concerned about such investment. In fact, in 1999, the Senate voted 99-0 against investing Social Security money in private assets.  I suggest that instead of talking about our budget raiding Medicare, I believe the Senators on the other side of the aisle who use that word need to explain their secret plan to reduce the long-term debt.  I yield the floor.  