 President, I had the privilege of hearing Gov. Tommy Thompson, the designee for Secretary of Health and Human Services, when he came before our committee which the distinguished Senator from Montana chaired last week. We had a very good hearing.  I want to compliment Senator Baucus for putting together a good hearing and, more importantly, for his cooperation in helping President Bush move many of his nominees through the Senate as quickly as possible, and Senator Baucus was responsible for doing that in the case of Secretary of the Treasury O'Neill, and now Secretary of Health and Human Services Governor Thompson.  Last week, we invited then-Governor Thompson to testify. I have to say it was a very refreshing hearing. It became so apparent that the qualities that have made Governor Thompson so successful in Wisconsin are what will also make him very successful as a Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. This is a very ideal choice that President Bush has made.  First and foremost, Governor Thompson is a problem solver, focused on improving the lives of real people. As Senators of both parties noted during our hearing last week, Governor Thompson has made remarkable progress in addressing the health care needs of families in Wisconsin. Successful programs such as Badger Care and family care reflect his ability to reach consensus and implement concrete solutions. In addition, Governor Thompson is a true innovator. On issues such as Welfare reform he has shown that he is willing to cast away old, tired approaches. He reaches out for new ideas and develops creative solutions to tough problems.  Governor Thompson has also been an effective administrator and manager of his State, expertise that will be critical as he oversees important programs such as Medicare, Medicaid and the State children's health insurance program. Coming from being a Governor of a State, I think he has appreciation that one size doesn't fit all in our great country. A mold poured in Washington, DC, doesn't necessarily solve the problems of New York City or Madison, WI, with the same effectiveness as if we would give some leeway to the Governor of the State of New York and the Governor of the State of Wisconsin leeway in solving those problems that are unique to their respective States and, hence, deserve a unique solution.  I can say from the standpoint of his work on welfare reform that he did not wait for the Federal Government to pass welfare reform before he started working within Federal law with what he could do to improve the system. When we were working on this in 1996, he was able to come to Washington and discuss the expenses and what needed to be done with Federal law to allow each State to have some leeway to help people move from welfare to work, to give people a chance, to move people from the fringe of our society to the mainstream of our society in order to be in that mainstream and to have the opportunities for advancement and progress as those in the mainstream.  I think he is flexible. That flexibility that he has will serve well not only our Federal policies, but it will also help Governors and State and local administrators do a better job as they have some leeway. Also, as there are some changes in programs that will be suggested by President Bush we in the Congress will work on, as well. It gives citizens an opportunity to have right here in this town, full time, a person who has had the experience of being a Governor--where the rubber meets the road--on Federal programs to make sure that we are able to make the best policy to fit a country that is as geographically vast as ours, with heterogenous population.  Lastly--and I hope this responds to some of the cynicism of people about Washington being too partisan sometimes I am pleased to report, as Governor Thompson has been successful in his State, he has done it because he has been able to reach across party lines because he himself has followed the same principle of bipartisanship to find successful solutions in his home State by reaching across party lines. That bipartisanship and how it has been successful is shown in the fact he was warmly introduced to our committee by Senator Dole, a Republican, Senator Kohl and Senator Feingold, who are Democrats, and by Secretary Shalala from the present administration, who worked closely with Governor Thompson when she was chancellor of the University of Wisconsin.  This support from party leaders on both sides of the aisle speaks for itself. I hope we in Washington will apply the Governor's bipartisan approach in Congress. I think we will.  As I noted at the hearing, we are in a unique situation in the Senate. Bipartisanship can no longer be a hobby for a few; instead, it needs to be a way of life for all. The American people demand it. We must respond. I think hopefully when we look back at this year and even more so after 2 years of this 107th Congress, we will be able to say that the fact that the Senate was split 50/50 was good because it brought people closer together.  For my part, I respond to the initiatives and the ideas that Governor Thompson brings and to an evenly divided Finance Committee, hoping we will seize the opportunity to solve the real problems we face--modernizing Medicare and improving access to prescription drugs for seniors, reducing the number of 43.5 million uninsured, improving health care in rural communities. That is something that Senator Baucus and I have worked closely on over a long period of time, improving long-term care. These are priorities for me, but I am sure they are not just my priorities. They are priorities for many in this Congress, and particularly those that serve on the Senate Finance Committee.  I look forward to working closely on these priorities, not only with my colleagues, but with Governor Thompson in his new position as secretary HHS. Governor Thompson deserves not only our votes but our thanks for his willingness to serve our country even though it means leaving both a job and a State he loves. I am also grateful to President Bush for choosing such a qualified Senate. He sends a clear signal for his desire for problem solving, effective management, and bipartisanship.  I yield the floor.  