 I am a member of the Judiciary Committee, and we would look at these things and give them the due consideration they ought to have. I know the Senator from Tennessee has served on the Judiciary Committee and he knows that is a very important part of our work.  I thank the Senator from Tennessee for bringing those points to us because he reminds me that not only has it not been considered by the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, which I have been talking about, and the Finance Committee, because I am a member and the senior Republican on that committee, but also a third committee should have considered perhaps the most controversial part of this legislation before us, and that has not had the due consideration that important changes in law and liability ought to have in this Chamber.  I am just about done. I have spoken now for a long time on my motion to commit to the respective committees. I guess I am being reminded my motion to commit is to the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee on the one hand and to the Finance Committee on the other. Maybe my motionshould be broadened--although I am not going to do that at this point--to the point of the Judiciary Committee taking a look-see at the liability provisions as well.  A vote for the motion to commit would put this bill on the right track. It lets members of these committees do the job that we were sent here to do. The Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee and the Finance Committee have a great track record in this Congress. They will continue to do so. Taking this bill through the relevant committees will only improve it and ultimately make it a better law, and one that is not in any way subject to a potential--I predict, not subject to a potential veto threat, as the legislation now is.  After all, isn't getting the job done, getting a good Patients' Bill of Rights, what the people really want--a good law that is produced in a proper way, a bill that will guarantee treatment for patients, not a tribute for lawyers?  I yield the floor.  