 President, I thank the Senator from Tennessee for what he just said. It was very good for me to let him respond to the other people who have spoken. I particularly suggest to the Senator from Tennessee that there is probably not as much concern on the part of the proponents of this legislation as to whether or not some of the self-employed plans will be abandoned if this bill passes because the Washington bureaucrat has an answer to that problem.  That problem is, we will do what President Clinton suggested in 1993 in his health care plan. We will mandate that every employer has to have insurance for their employee. Just mandate, don't worry about whether or not they can afford to do it. Just pass a Washington mandate that you have to offer this type of insurance.  However, 42 million people in America today do not have health insurance. That number will increase if this bill passes as it currently reads. There will be things done in this bill that will not cause that to happen, if people on the other side of the aisle are willing to compromise. However, if they don't compromise, for these 56 million people who are in self-insured plans, if some of those are abandoned by employers because they don't want the threat of a lawsuit hanging over their head, that number will be increased.  That was suggested in 1993. That was not well received.  It has been suggested after Senator Bond spoke that he never mentioned the word ``patient,'' as if he has no concern about patients being treated fairly and right. That is what Senator Bond's speech was all about. He was concerned that if this legislation passes as it is written, that employers that have self-insured plans--that don't have to offer those plans if they don't want to, but they do offer them because they want to have a good fringe benefit package for their employees--if they drop those for their employees, there are employees who will become patients some day who will not have coverage.  This bill is all about concern for patients. It is not about concern for employers. It is concern for employers that want to offer plans in a self-insured fashion, that they will be encouraged to do it as they have already done for 50-some million employees, and continue, and keep the plans viable.  Why would a family-owned ma-and-pa's plastic corporation, or a ma-and-pa's family-owned machine shop providing self-employed plans for employees, why would they jeopardize the continued existence of the family-owned business if they could be sued under this legislation? What they are going to do is protect what they worked hard for: building up a business, employing people, being the backbone of their local community. That is what the ma-and-pa plastic shop and the ma-and-pa machine shop is all about. They have created this business. Maybe it was created by a grandma and grandpa or mom and dad. It could be in its third generation. This is a family-held business that provides jobs, perhaps for dozens or hundreds of people. They want to provide fringe benefits for their employees, of which health insurance is the most important fringe benefit. They offer it in a self-insured fashion because that is the best way for them to do it. Why would we want to jeopardize it?  Senator Bond was followed by the remarks of the Senator from Tennessee, that this is what this legislation is all about, making sure employees have the fringe benefits of health insurance, with all Members imploring we want to do something for the 42 million people in America who don't have it. If we want to do something for the 42 million people who do not have insurance, and pass legislation as we did with tax credits to incentivize them to buy health insurance, why would we want to put in jeopardy the 50-some million people who already have it through self-insured plans?  It is talking out of both sides of Congress's mouth. On the one hand, we are concerned about 52 million people. We have legislation introduced to do something else about it; on the other hand, we are dealing with a piece of legislation that could put in jeopardy the health care plans of 50-some million people who already have what we think the other 42 million people ought to be encouraged to have.  It is concern over employees having health insurance, and giving those people, if they become patients, the treatment they deserve.  I don't hear concern about patients getting treatment. I hear concern about lawyers getting tribute. We should be concerned about the patient and protecting the self-employed health insurance plans that 50-some million people have as part of that process.  I hope we will consider the speeches by the Senator from Missouri, the Senator from Tennessee, to be speeches concerned about the employees and concerned about those people who become patients getting treatment. That is exactly to what they are speaking. I don't know how anybody could miss that point.  I didn't come to the floor to speak about that aspect of this bill. I came to the floor to speak about a motion filed by my friend, Senator Frist, on Friday, to commit the bill before the Senate, the Kennedy-McCain bill, to the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee on one hand and the Finance Committee on the other hand, and to do it with specific instructions from the entire Senate that this bill be reported back to the Senate within 14 days. I come to this conclusion because I am troubled that the Kennedy-McCain bill has bypassed these relevant committees and has been brought directly to the floor without one hearing, without one markup, and most importantly, without the public input into this particular bill that every bill ought to have.  First, I strongly believe patients' protections are critical to every hard-working American who relies on the managed care system. We need a strong and reliable patients' rights bill, and I am supportive of this effort 100 percent. What we don't need is a bill such as the Kennedy-McCain bill that exposes employers to unlimited liability and either eliminates that insurance or dramatically drives up the cost of that health insurance or perhaps being cut back or eliminated. Instead, I believe we should protect patients by ensuring access to needed treatment and specialists, by making sure each patient gets a review of insurance claims that may be denied, and above all, by ensuring that Americans who rely on their employers for health care can still get this covered. I am confident we can reach these goals. However, the very fact that our leadership brought the Kennedy-McCain legislation directly to the floor, without proper committee action, violates the core of the Senate process.  I know my colleagues on the other side will waste no time in accusing me of delaying this bill. But the truth is, had the relevant committees been given the opportunity to consider Kennedy-McCain legislation in the first place, I would not be raising these objections. By bringing this bill directlyto the floor, the message seems to be very loud and clear that the new chairmen--meaning the people who just have become chairmen because of the Democrat majority in the Senate, and under new leadership--are somehow merely speed bumps on the road to the floor.  During my tenure as Finance chairman, Senator after Senator urged the committee process be upheld regarding tax legislation. I listened and I acted. I resisted strong pressures to bypass the Finance Committee as we considered the greatest tax relief bill in a generation. I forged a bipartisan coalition and a consensus, which I believe made it a much better bill. Ultimately, we were able to craft a bill that benefitted from the support of a dozen Members from the Democrat side.  The Finance Committee has proven it can operate in a bipartisan fashion and craft good legislation in a timely manner. We are committed under this motion to report legislation out of the Finance Committee in 14 days. The fact that the chairmanship of the committee has changed I do not believe will in any way affect our ability to work in a good, bipartisan manner. So I stand before the Senate as someone who has seen the importance of the committee process.  The Kennedy-McCain legislation treads on the Finance Committee jurisdiction in ways that are by no means trivial, so I will explain. The Kennedy-McCain bill reduces Federal revenues by $22.6 billion, something that should only be done if that motion comes from the Senate Finance Committee. Nearly one-third of this revenue loss is offset by changes in programs within the jurisdiction of the Finance Committee. Section 502 of the bill before us extends customs user fees generating $7 billion in revenue over 8 years.  You may recall when Congress first authorized these customs user fees, the avowed purpose was to help finance the cost of customs commercial operations and improvements. If these fees are to be extended--and I emphasize ``if''--it should be done in the context of a customs reauthorization bill. This is clearly an issue under the jurisdiction of the Finance Committee.  Most of my colleagues know firsthand the financial pressures put on the Customs Service. From Montana to Delaware to Massachusetts, Texas and California, there is a dire need for funds to modernize the Customs Service. Yet the Kennedy-McCain legislation diverts money intended for customs and uses it to pay for this bill. This is not what Congress intended when these customs fees were increased.  Before authorizing the collection of $7 billion in customs user fees, it seems to me the full Finance Committee should have an opportunity to carefully review, carefully analyze, and of course debate the implications of this move on the future of the Customs Service and customs modernization.  Anybody who has been through customs knows how much time is wasted there, how much gets by the customs officials because they do not have the electronic and technical equipment that is necessary to do their job right, in a fashion that does not inhibit the free and easy transiting of American citizens into and out of our country.  In addition, section 503 of the Kennedy-McCain bill delays payments to Medicare providers, which generate $235 million to help offset the losses of this bill.  No. 1, customs fees; No. 2, delaying payments to Medicare providers to the tune of $235 million.  Let me remind my colleagues, when they hold their town meetings, invariably they have to have people from doctors' offices, from hospital organizations, and from nursing homes already complaining, why doesn't the Federal Government pay its bills on time? Why are they a cash cow, an operating fund for the Federal Government while they are borrowing money at the local bank to keep their operation going because the Federal Government does not pay its bills on time?  It is ironic that while many of us are spending significant amounts of our time working to improve Medicare's effectiveness and efficiency, this bill actually takes steps to exacerbate the frustrations so many providers already experience with delayed payments in Medicare today. So, as you can see, the provisions of this bill go a long way to undermine the Finance Committee's jurisdiction, not only on customs but also in the area of Medicare.  In this first action by new leadership, the committee system and the committee jurisdiction are being tossed aside. I have heard once or twice from the other side that the justification of this behavior is based on the patients' rights debates in 1999, 2 years ago. There is continued talk about how the 1999 patients' rights bills were rammed through this Senate by Republicans.  I want to say that is simply not the case. In 1999, the patients' rights legislation underwent a series of hearings in the Health, Education, and Labor Committee, and ultimately there were 3 days of markup. Let me repeat: 3 days of markup in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. Only after the bill was reported out of committee was it then brought up.  Let me hear no discussion on this point. There is no justification for the conduct we are having on this bill. It is a fact that the Kennedy-McCain bill before us today has never undergone the committee process that the 1999 Patients' Bill of Rights did.  Finally, let me repeat that for those who argue that this is just a delaying tactic, they are simply wrong. The motion to commit instructs the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee on the one hand and the Finance Committee on the other to report this legislation within 14 days. I repeat, if this bill had been handled properly through the committee in the first place, this motion would not have been necessary.  This motion is not about delaying, it is about ensuring that we have a good patients' rights bill with bipartisan support that is subject to the benefits of the committee process and that the jurisdictions of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and the Finance Committees are respected. In other words, it pursues a point of view I tried to raise so much when we had the tax bill on the floor in late May. As I managed that bill, I said I hoped the work of Senator Baucus, on the part of Democrats, and myself on the part of Republicans, would bring a bipartisan bill before this committee that would serve as somewhat of an example of not only what can be done in an evenly divided Senate to promote good public policy but to promote good public policy in a divided body. Obviously, it must be done in a bipartisan way.  We showed that it could be done in the largest tax bill to pass this body in 20 years. If we did it on taxes, surely we can do it on a Patients' Bill of Rights. I say that not just for the Finance Committee. It is my belief the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee can do that as well on their part, serving 100 Senators rather than having just a handful of people in this body decide the committee system ought to be thrust aside in the case of a Patients' Bill of Rights, and bringing a bill directly to the floor of the Senate.  I have talked a lot about jurisdiction, but I want to talk about why I am raising these jurisdiction issues because that is a very important point.  For me, the question isn't about inside baseball kind of topic like jurisdiction, which is necessarily important. But it is about two deeper issues that are even bigger than this bill.  I know the public watching this debate, as we are told, is pretty disturbed when they only hear about Members of the Senate talking about the intra-institutional issues. That is what I have been talking about today to some extent. But on the other hand, I know the people of this country are interested in making sure that we protect patients' rights when they are up against the insurance company and feel hopeless about the insurance company not giving them the proper treatment which they are entitled to. The proper treatment the doctor-patient relationship demands. People want to know that what we are doing is improving their life.  So I spend a little bit of time on intra-institutional procedure to say that having this bill go through the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee on the one hand, and the Finance Committee on the other hand, has something to do with drawing up a piece of legislation that will get these patients the protections to which they are entitled.  What I am talking about can be summed up in two related questions.  The first is: Why are we here? The second is: What is my specific role with respect to the people I serve in my State of Iowa and each Senator in their respective States in the larger national interest of seeing that patients are protected when they are up against an insurance company?  The first question gets at our role as Senators with respect not only to this bill but any legislation. The second refers to our role as committee Members.  So the first question: Why are we here?  Just like the other 99 Members of this body, I wake up every morning and thank the people of my State for the privilege of representing them here in the Senate. Every action I take is an effort to improve the lives of folks back home. Many times I improve it by reducing the role of the Federal Government in their lives. As a conservative, that is generally my preference. On the other hand, there are times that Federal legislation is needed to expand the Federal role to help on a particular problem. This is an example--the Patients' Bill of Rights.  With respect to any legislation but not just this one, if I believe it helps folks back home, I am going to push as hard as I can to see that the legislation becomes law. There is no more satisfying event than seeing the fruits of our labor revealed in ways that changes the lives of real folks back home.  When I approach an idea and I think it is a good idea, my goal is to get it across the goal line. That is true with respect to this bill, the Patients' Bill of Rights.  I think at this particular point in history the American people want results, and particularly on this issue. They want less partisanship, more action, and more thoughtful debate. People in Iowa expect Republicans and Democrats to work together, and to work together in conjunction with the President of the United States to get things done. They expect us as their Senators to do the same thing.  Iowans expect us to refrain from playing partisan politics and to be serious legislators.  I offer that as friendly political advice to many colleagues, particularly those on the other side of the aisle who seem to be visiting Iowa frequently these days. In fact, a surprising large number of Democrat Senators are coming to Iowa.  I approach the tax cut bill as a serious legislative effort. My goal was to work with Republicans and Democrats to get a bill out of the Finance Committee. With Senator Baucus' support I did so. That bill improved President Bush's basic proposal.  With respect to the particular policy areas that is the focus of the Patients' Bill of Rights, I start off with a view of how I can make good public policy become law. That particular policy is the arena of Senator Kennedy on the one hand, and Senator Gregg on the other in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee.  If my motion is agreed to, it is up to Senators Kennedy and Gregg to use the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee to process the bulk of this legislation through their committee. That is their call.  This legislation faces a potential Presidential veto. That potential Presidential veto doesn't need to be there. It doesn't need to be hanging over our head as a cloud as we work on legislation.  That is where the committee process is very important because maybe the product of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee markup would not face a potential Presidential veto. Maybe some of the ambiguities that we have heard debated on the floor of the Senate this afternoon would be cleared up.  Does anyone really think that by following regular order and going through the committee process the bill before us would be in worse shape? Would we have better known the administration's position if it had been in committee? Would we be sitting here wondering where this bill might be going, as we have heard countless numbers of Senators talk about how we can work out a compromise?  Would we be hearing something more compelling from the bill's advocates other than that anyone who opposes the bill is delaying this bill?  I guess one could argue that there is not much use in delaying a bill that the President is going to veto; that we ought to just quickly pass it.  With the proper preparation and the proper compromise--and the committee system is the place to do that--we could avoid a veto, and we should work to avoid a veto.  You can understand that the Finance Committee knows how to do this. Senator Baucus and I put a bill out, and we defeated all of the amendments to destroy that bill--close to 50--over the course of 3 days on the floor of this Senate. So it can be done right in committee.  I would like to go back to the question of why we are here in this particular shape.  I tell the folks in Iowa who sent me here that I am trying to get a Patients' Bill of Rights that we will have signed; in other words, that doesn't have a potential veto hanging over its head as the bill we are debating today does. We would get a bill that would become law and provide them with real protections; most importantly, a bill to guarantee treatment for patients, not tribute for attorneys.  In my view, bad process has impaired what could otherwise be a good product, a bipartisan, broadly supported Patients' Bill of Rights.  But, once again, my motion defers the exact language of the bill to the Members of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee to resolve these issues. That is the place it should be done.  My second question: What is my specific role as a committee member?  My role is to best use my position as a senior Republican on the Finance Committee to protect and to promote policies that help Iowans and the Nation at large. I have a responsibility to advance and to protect policy interests within the jurisdiction of the Finance Committee.  There are policy implications in this legislation that are within the jurisdiction of my committee, the Finance Committee. These policies deal with three major subjects of the Finance Committee: trade, Medicare, and tax.  It is my responsibility to Iowans and also to my Finance Committee members and to Members of the Senate as a body to be vigilant on these Finance Committee matters. I cannot let these things slip by, nor should I let them slip by. That would be very easy to do. But it would also be very irresponsible.  My motion provides the Finance Committee with the opportunity to do its job on trade, Medicare, and health-care-related tax issues. This bill affects each of these to some extent.  So I note that I am in some pretty good company when it comes to the value of the committee process.  I would like to refer to a couple quotes that illustrate the importance of my point that we should not bypass the relevant committees of jurisdiction. These quotes come from Members who are very critical of the way the Senate acted by bypassing the Budget Committee on the budget resolution process a couple months ago.  I remind those Senators of some of their comments about the importance of going through the committee process in the Senate. These comments, as I said, were related to the budget. Now let me quote the new chairman of the Budget Committee, Senator Conrad. This is a quote from a couple months ago:       I think it would be a profound mistake for us to miss the      chance to have the Budget Committee do what it was designed      to do, which is to make the work of the larger body easier      because of the concentration of efforts of the members of the      committee on the responsibility they have.  I quote the distinguished Senator from West Virginia, the now-chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee. He always shows great eloquence and devotion to this institution in his comments:       Why have we seen fit in our constitutional system to have      committees? Why? If we are going to have committees, why      don't we have markups on bills and let Republicans and      Democrats hammer it out, hammer out the measure on the anvil      of free debate? Why does any chairman want to say to the      committee, I am not going to have a markup, period?  These comments are relevant no matter whether Democrats or Republicans are in the majority in this body. Now, in a sense, since the changes of 3 weeks ago on the chairmanships and the majority of this body, the shoe is on the other foot. I will be curious tosee whether these Members, and others who were so critical of the budget resolution process, will stick to the same rationale now that the committee process is being short-circuited for a measure they might be supporting.  I bring up these comments because they reflect a well-founded sentiment of two very serious legislators whom I respect, Senator Byrd and Senator Conrad. The committees are kind of like laboratories or, as Senator Byrd said, like anvils. They are a place to test ideas. They are a necessary part of serious--and I underline the word ``serious''--legislating.  Senator Conrad indicated that there is a concentration of member knowledge and expertise in each of these committees. Is it exhaustive? Absolutely not. Am I saying that a bill cannot be improved with amendments on the floor? Of course, no legislation is perfect from that standpoint. But my point is, the legislative product, especially on something as important as health care, should start in the relevant committee.  So my motion would allow the Finance Committee to assert its proper role.  Let's turn to the specific Finance Committee matters that are implicated with this legislation and, hence, the reason for my motion to commit. The first is trade. As I said previously, the customs user fees have been extended to offset the cost of the Patients' Bill of Rights. We are talking about money that was raised by the Senate Finance Committee. Customs fees--getting in and out of the country, getting your baggage inspected, getting your boxes inspected--that money was raised to help the Customs Service and particularly for their modernization. Now they are talking about taking some of that money and putting it over here to finance a Patients' Bill of Rights. So should customs people be concerned? Should the Senate Finance Committee be concerned because we have jurisdiction over that legislation? Should passengers and travelers in and out of the United States be concerned when they are in long lines to go through customs? Of course they should be concerned.  The Finance Committee authorizes and oversees the Customs Service. Customs may not be as politically compelling right now as a Patients' Bill of Rights, but it is very important to all of our constituents. Millions of us, and our goods, come through customs. Customs also protects our people from the entry of illegal products. For instance, customs checks for illegal drugs. Also, customs protects our farmers and consumers from diseased plants and animals.  Just think of the ground zero attitude that is taken by customs today to make sure that the BSE disease, the mad cow disease, prevalent in England and Europe does not come into the United States.  We need to have a customs operation that protects America. It is to be done at the point of entry. The amount of money we spend on that, and the technology our customs employees have, has something to do with whether or not they can do their job right and protect us. The quality of the Customs Service affects us all. So those of us on the Finance Committee do not approach customs matters haphazardly.  As those of you who have traveled recently know, customs systems modernization is a problem we have to tackle. If we are to extend the fee, we should modernize the Customs Service. Customs fees should not be used to finance a Patients' Bill of Rights.  The Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee has had no hearings on Customs fees. There is a reason for that. The committee does not have jurisdiction over the Customs Service. Yet here we are with a bill that has not even been through the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, and that bill is offset by a revenue source from another committee, our Finance Committee. Any Finance Committee member should be disturbed with this usurpation of our jurisdiction. Any Finance Committee member who supports this action has ceded away his or her role with respect to an important Finance Committee matter.  The bottom line is, the Finance Committee, including all 20 of its members, has a duty to our constituents, and all of America, to make sure that the Customs Service isn't dealt with in a faulty manner. To the degree that we ignore this duty, we are being negligent. Again, that is the main reason for my motion: To let the committee members do our job.  There is a second Finance Committee policy item covered by my motion. This legislation moves the payment date for certain Medicare providers by just one day. No big deal? Put it in its context. Medicare reform is something we are talking about right now in the Finance Committee. It is an important topic, particularly because we want to give a prescription drug program to seniors under Medicare. Payment structure and dates are important questions that should be considered in the context of Medicare policy, not as some sort of an offset--which is the word we use--for unrelated legislation, because, in fact, this is an offset for an unrelated subject, the Patients' Bill of Rights.  We ought not to mess with Medicare this way. This bill, pulled from the calendar by the majority leader, gets around Senate rule XV. That rule provides a point of order if one committee treads on the territory of another committee. The reason for the rule is to allow committees, such as the Finance Committee, with the expertise on a subject, such as Medicare, to develop the policy first.  Why would Senate leaders, who expect the Finance Committee, in a bipartisan way, to report out a prescription drug bill for senior citizens connected with the Medicare Program, and, hopefully, with some dramatic improvements in Medicare, expect us to do that but not ask our advice on changing the payment date for Medicare?  We ought to develop it within a policy context by the people on the committee who know how to do it and do it right. Then again, as with trade, my motion preserves the right of the Finance Committee to deal with Medicare. It would allow Finance Committee members to review the change in Medicare provider payment dates and make judgments of whether such a date change is sensible or not.  As I said before, all of us have heard complaints from doctors, hospitals, and nursing homes that the Federal Government never makes Medicare payments timely. Our health providers already feel as though they are financing the Federal Government because of these late payments. This bill exacerbates that problem by creating further delays. The Finance Committee understands this problem. We will do it right if it needs to be done. My motion simply lets the Finance Committee members do the job they were appointed to do by the 100 Members of the Senate.  Now I turn to the third Finance Committee policy area implicated by this legislation, and that is the tax policy area. There are no Tax Code changes in this bill. The history of this legislation is an important element. The history of this legislation is that an important element is greater health care affordability and access. That objective has, in past legislation, been met through tax incentives.  This bill's principal sponsor, for instance, the Senator from Arizona, Mr. McCain, recognized the importance of these tax incentives in the debate, as you heard him speak eloquently over the last several days. I also happen to believe that tax incentives for health care access and affordability are a very important part of health care reform. They are the basis for helping 42 million Americans who do not have health insurance today to get some health insurance. To this end, I have, for instance, proposed changes in the tax treatment of long-term care insurance and expenses.  Some might ask: Why, if I support health care-related tax cuts, did I oppose Senator Hutchinson's amendment on self-employed insurance? Well, it is a very good question, one I should be responsive to and answer.  The answer is, most obviously, that Senators Hutchinson and Bond have an excellent proposal, one I strongly support as a policy of their amendment. But I opposed the amendment last week because the underlying bill is not a Finance Committee bill. In this case, the underlying bill is not a tax bill. So the third reason for my motion is to provide the Finance Committee with its rightful opportunity, through its tax-writing powers, to add a health care-related tax cut title to this legislation.  If this bill had gone through our committee, that would have been done. Or if it hadn't gone through our committee but we had had time, our committee would have voted out such an amendment, I am sure. There is no doubt that Senator Hutchinson's amendment, along with a number of other good health care-related tax cuts, would be on the floor right now being debated as part of this package.  Once again, my motion let's us do this legislation the right way, by letting the Finance Committee members do their job. From that standpoint, again, I stress the bipartisanship of the Senate Finance Committee.  At my urging, Chairman Baucus agreed to consider a package of health care-related tax cuts in an upcoming Finance Committee markup. So even if my motion fails, we will be back on the Senate floor in the near future with a Finance Committee package of health care-related tax incentives.  In explaining the reason behind my motion, I talked about what the Finance Committee might or might not do if this motion is adopted. Just as importantly, I believe there are some serious negative implications if my motion is defeated in terms of how the Senate does the people's business. Let me turn to a couple hypotheticals to illustrate the problem my motion gets at. These hypotheticals, hopefully, will disturb all Members.  Turn the clock back a couple months and hypothesize that Senator Lott, with my cooperation, were to move a version of the Finance Committee's education tax relief proposal. Also, let me say that the revenue loss from those tax cuts were offset by a change to a HELP Committee program, something like student loans. In other words, I am saying let's just suppose hypothetically that Senator Lott wanted some proposals from our committee to bring to the Senate floor and we were going to offset them with programs under the jurisdiction of the HELP Committee.  Under this scenario, obviously, people on that committee could be very angry. They would have every right to be angry because that kind of maneuver on my part, as a member of the Finance Committee, would be wrong. They would have a right, then, in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, to be outraged. The Finance Committee would have no business in a bill pulled off the calendar such as this one of undoing a student loan policy under the jurisdiction of another committee. It would be wrong from two points, both substantive and procedural.  What has happened here is just as bad. The Finance Committee members who support the process that has brought this bill before us should take a ``beware'' position. Supporting the process means they support disenfranchising their own committee. By contrast, anyone who supports my motion recognizes the legitimacy of the committee system.  I have one last hypothetical. This time let's talk about another sponsor of this bill. Let's go back to Mr. McCain, the good Senator from Arizona, and his Commerce Committee. Under this hypothetical scenario, Senator Daschle, with Senator Baucus's cooperation, would bring a bill to create a special form of tax credit bond for Amtrak. That issue has been before us before. A part of that legislation pulled from the calendar, such as this bill, would suspend the Amtrak reforms. That is within the jurisdiction of Senator McCain's Commerce Committee or, as I could say, the Presiding Officer now, the Senator from South Carolina.  I hope these Senators would be angry and rightfully so. I would expect them to protect a policy important to the Commerce Committee. Amtrak reform is that policy and that subject. These Senators would not want an alteration of the Amtrak reforms railroaded through the Senate on an unrelated bill drafted by a committee other than their own committee, the Commerce Committee, I would suspect.  In both of these hypotheticals, the rights of committee members would be violated. These cases are no different than the case before us, the case of jurisdiction and sources of revenue from the Finance Committee being robbed without the consideration of the Finance Committee to fund a piece of legislation, the Patients' Bill of Rights, coming out of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee.  The two hypotheticals are disturbing because both involve dubious procedural and substantive policy decisions. Both hypotheticals short circuit important policy decisions and discussions.  A faulty process usually leads to faulty substance. So I have taken a long time to tell you what my motion is all about. It corrects the faulty process that has ensnared this Patients' Bill of Rights, which should otherwise move to the floor only after debate in the committee. And if it had gone through the committees, I believe it would move through the floor proceedings very expeditiously.  