 President, these concerns about the impact on services at the IRS are very real. The newsletter, Tax Notes, reported on June 9, 2001, that when Minnesota issued rebate checks, the U.S. West Company had to cut off phone service to the tax agency in Minnesota because the volume of calls brought down the system for the entire Minnesota State capital exchange.  In addition, notices are important to prevent taxpayers being subject to con games. The USA Today newspaper reported on July 5, 2001, that taxpayers are receiving solicitations from con artists offering to calculate their refund for $14.95. These letters being found fault with will go far in preventing frauds and cons such as reported in USA Today.  Some want no notices at all sent, and some want the words of the notice changed. Why are they upset? Because the letters start out by mentioning that we, the Congress, passed a bill that cuts taxes--the bill that provides long-term tax relief for all Americans who pay income taxes and was passed by the Congress, in fact, and was signed by the President of the United States.  That is the only way you increase or decrease taxes. It is not done by some magic wand being waved by somebody in Washington, DC. But this comes as a shock, supposedly, to my colleagues. Some people are a little too busy with their lives to be thumbing through the Congressional Record after work, like maybe we do, but our constituents don't do this.  So this letter provides a little overview and guidance, so people have some contact as to what the letter discusses.  It should be clear this is not the first time the President by name has been mentioned in some IRS notice. For example, a little less than 2 years ago the IRS sent out a notice mentioning President Clinton. Can you believe that? They sent out a notice mentioning President Clinton.  I have searched the Congressional Record in vain to find any complaints from any Senator about that specific notice.  Also, if this notice were only about politics, why would the administration also send out a notice to 32 million taxpayers, informing them they will not receive a refund check? That hardly seems a political thing to do. It is said we often find our own faults in others.  