 President, the month of May, since 1963, has helped the Nation focus on the contributions and achievements of America's older citizens because the month of May is a month where we recognize these achievements. Congress does this by cooperating with various organizations in bringing senior interns to Washington, DC, for 1 week out of the month of May. There are other things that are done as well.  The image of those over the age of 65 is dramatically different than it was as recently as a generation ago. Older Americans increasingly redefine modern maturity. They reshape cultural boundaries, and they dispel age-old stereotypes associated with getting older. They are leaders in our families, in our workplaces, and in our communities.  Each week this month I am going to recognize a different Iowan and highlight what these older Iowans are doing as a contribution to the workplace and communities. The one I recognize this week is a 68-year-old woman from Sioux City, IA. JoAnn Owens understands the value of family and understands community involvement. Through her initiative, her concern, and her commitment, she has touched the lives of many in her family and in the entire Sioux City community.  Born and raised in Sioux City, Ms. Owens moved to New York in her twenties and spent much of her adult life on the east coast. In 1993, at the age of 60, she moved back to Sioux City to care for her ailing mother. Seeking a way to keep herself active, and at the same time stimulate her mind, Ms. Owens began to volunteer in the community. For the last 7 years, she has served as a senior companion by providing care to people in the community who need extra assistance in order to live independently.  She currently volunteers 4 days a week helping young people suffering from brain injuries to develop their academic skills. Ms. Owens also serves as a volunteer judge for the Woodbury County Drug Court Program. She is a member of the city's Human Rights Commission and active in the Quota Club, an international service organization.  Ms. Owens describes herself as a woman motivated by challenges. As a volunteer with the Sioux City Police Department, Ms. Owens took the initiative to develop a program to provide domestically abused women with cellular phones so they could better protect themselves. She also spent a series of weeks attending the Sioux City Police Citizens Academy where she was trained on the responsibilities and challenges facing police officers.  Ms. Owens' concern for her family is also a driving force for her involvement. Her desire to play an active role in her mother's care prompted Ms. Owens to join the care review board at the care center where her mother lived. Although Ms. Ownens' mother passed away 5 years ago, she is still involved as a resident advocate, currently serving as the chairperson for the care review committee. She visits with the residents at least once a month and works with staff to take care of any problems at the center.  Ms. Owens has six grandchildren and one great-grandchild. Her concern for their education motivated her to become a member of the Board of Education equity committee. She is currently the chairperson of the committee. Her mission is to ensure that education in Sioux City is equally and equitably dispensed to all students.  Beyond her community involvement, Ms. Owens enjoys raising tomatoes, reading, and feeding the birds, squirrels and rabbits. She lives with her cat Mr. Roberts and her dog Jordan.  I thank Ms. Owens for helping to make Sioux City a better place to live. Her initiative and compassionate care for others is an example to us all that we should contribute to our communities, no matter what our age.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  