 I know I am not the first to speak on it today. There have been proponents and opponents of it.  Also, let me make very clear that thus far today there have been both Republicans and Democrats speaking in favor of the bill that is before us.  I am very happy to be here to discuss this legislation. I thought last December, when we got it to the President, might have been the end of it and we would have a bankruptcy bill as the law of the land--the first major bankruptcy legislation to pass this body since 1978 or 1979.  Prior to Senator Kennedy's remarks about the rules that we will be working on, Senator Kennedy gave all of us an opportunity to see a list of organizations that oppose this bill. I think it is perfectly correct for Senator Kennedy to express the views of anybody who opposes the bill and in support of his opposition to the bill. But there is a flip side of all of the membership of all the organizations that Senator Kennedy said were opposed to this legislation. That flip side is that they all have members that, because some people in this country don't pay their bills, those who do pay their bills and buy products from companies that have creditors that have gone into bankruptcy, those very same members could, on average for a family of four, pay $400 more for goods and services that they would purchase because other people go into bankruptcy and don't pay their bills. There is no free lunch.  I hope we have as much concern about the well-being of the members of those organizations that do not go into bankruptcy and have to pay more because they are supporting legislation to maintain the status quo where it is easy to go into bankruptcy and let somebody pick up the cost of your going into bankruptcy.  That doesn't preclude that I believe firmly in the principle of a fresh start when people go into bankruptcy because of causes that are no fault of their own. Obviously, in those instances, there are costs to all of us who pick up the bill. But what this legislation is trying to change is the fact that there is an attitude out there of using the bankruptcy code for financial planning when you have some ability to repay. We are saying to those people who file for bankruptcy who have the ability to repay--and, albeit, they probably are a minority of all the people who file for bankruptcy--that it is immoral for them to use the bankruptcy code for financial planning. To put this $400 cost every year that other people pay for their goods and services who do not go into bankruptcy, we are saying to those people who can repay that they are not going to use the bankruptcy code for financial planning, and they are not going to get off scot free.  I hope those who look at the long list of organizations that oppose this legislation--by the way, I could put up a chart that would have a long list of organizations supporting this legislation; I am not going to do that. But for those who view those that are against it, remember that they have members that are also hurt because there is abuse of the bankruptcy code.  I am glad we are now proceeding to consideration of this bankruptcy bill, S. 420. This bill has been long in the making. As we all know, we have been working on it for two Congresses now. Prior to those two Congresses, I worked on legislation establishing a study commission made up of experts in bankruptcy to suggest to us changes in the bankruptcy code because we saw a skyrocketing of the number of people going into bankruptcy, having reached a peak of 1.4 million people; and that happening during a time of good economy as well.  Besides passing this legislation in the two Congresses, we have given this bill very adequate study by holding numerous hearings in the Judiciary Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts which I chaired prior to this Congress. We have the published transcripts of these hearings. They are available to the public and any Senator who is interested in looking at how thoroughly the committee has been considering this legislation.  The need for bankruptcy reform has been debated on this floor at length. Infact, this bill should have been enacted last year but was pocket vetoed at the last minute by President Clinton.  The bill we consider today with a new number, S. 420, and a new title, the ``Bankruptcy Reform Act of 2001,'' is practically identical to last year's bankruptcy reform conference report that passed out of the Senate by an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 70-28. The only exception is we have made a few changes in this new draft to accommodate members of the Democrat Party.  There was strong bipartisan support in the last Congress. That strong bipartisan support continues to this very day. So it is high time that we get the job done and get this bill to the President; this President will sign it.  I want to give some background on the development of this bankruptcy legislation. In the 106th Congress, Senator Torricelli and I worked very closely together on bankruptcy reform. Senator Torricelli, a Democrat, and I addressed many concerns and negotiated many compromises. We were able to pass out of the Senate the Grassley-Torricelli bill by a vote of 83-14. The Senate then approved the bankruptcy conference report by the vote I mentioned earlier, but I want to emphasize how bipartisan it was--70-28; 53 Republican Senators, 17 Democratic Senators voted for the conference report.  But then, as I indicated, President Clinton pocket vetoed this bill. Congress had adjourned, so it did not have an opportunity to override that veto last December. So here we are again trying to pass bankruptcy reform.  My Democratic colleagues--Senators Torricelli, Biden, Johnson, and Carper--have joined Senators Hatch, Sessions, and me on this bill, S. 420, the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 2001. We hope to get additional cosponsors from both sides of the aisle. As you can see, there is strong bipartisan support for this bankruptcy bill, just as there has been a long history of bipartisan support for bankruptcy reform ever since I have been in the Senate.  I note for the record that I believe we have really bent over backwards to try to accommodate Senators' concerns with the bill's process in this Congress. I do not think it is any surprise to anyone that my position is that the bankruptcy bill is unfinished business from the last Congress. I think the large majority of us in the Senate believe that is the case, that it is unfinished business.  The bill, being pocket vetoed, had to start over again this year. And here we are. Of course, it was really too bad we could not get the job done last year, considering the pocket veto.  So at the beginning of this Congress, I reintroduced the bipartisan conference report with no changes--no changes--exactly the same bill. The reason I did this was not necessarily because the conference report was exactly the way I would have written the legislation, but because I felt compromise is necessary. And that conference report, with the bipartisan support that it had, was negotiated as best it could be. We had reached many carefully crafted compromises. And that bipartisan product ought to be our starting point this time.  So I introduced that as S. 220, the same bipartisan bankruptcy conference report language of last year that 70 Members of this body supported. I had that bill held at the desk so we could proceed expeditiously on this matter. I did not think, with all the work that had been done on it over the last 4 years--with only a Presidential veto, a pocket veto at that, standing in the way of it being the law of the land--that there was much point in going through the process of hearings and committee action before we worked on it here. This was one way we could expedite the process; save all the busy Senators some time, and move on with something that had such broad bipartisan support.  But always in a body of 100, where consensus is what it takes most of the time to get anything done, we had Senators with concerns about this process. So the Judiciary Committee, of which I am a member, accommodated those concerns by not only, once again, holding a hearing on bankruptcy reform and the bill, but also by holding a markup of the language in S. 220.  So the Judiciary Committee accepted several amendments that were not in the conference report of last time. And that marked-up version of the bankruptcy bill was reported out of committee and reintroduced with a new number. So we went from S. 220--the exact bill that President Clinton pocket vetoed--to now S. 420. That is what we have before us.  So I hope this clarification on history and on the procedural process of this bill will show that, one, the bill is a bipartisan effort; two, that we have been working on bankruptcy reform for a very long time and have gone over all the fine points of this bill in great detail; and, three, that we have bent over backwards to allow a fair process to move this bill forward at this time.  Let me now discuss the merits of bankruptcy reform and why this bill is necessary to solve the problems we have before us of a historically high number of bankruptcies--1.4 million bankruptcies in 1 year--maybe last year just a little bit less than that but now maybe coming back up. It is a problem with which we should deal.  There have been a large number of bankruptcies in good times. And remember, the last 20 years--covering the Reagan administration, the Bush administration, the Clinton administration, and now the Bush administration--have been the best economic years ever in the history of America. Yet during this period of time we had 1.4 million bankruptcies in 1 year, compared to 300,000 bankruptcies back in the early 1980s. Something is wrong, and this gives us an opportunity to correct what is wrong.  To emphasize, when the Senate last considered this bill just 3 or 4 months ago, we heard a lot about the declining numbers of bankruptcies from that top of 1.4 million that I talked about because the opponents of this compromise bill were pointing to this temporary downward spike in the number of bankruptcies to say that there was no need for any bankruptcy legislation.  I refer my colleagues to a Wall Street Journal article dated December 1, 2000, which predicted that consumer bankruptcies will rise by 15 percent this year. According to the article, one expert referred to the predicted upswing in bankruptcies as ``the verge of another flood.''  Opponents to the bill act as if there is nothing to worry about. But the fact is, we have a bankruptcy crisis on our hands. Things are more than likely going to get worse. We need to pass this bill, and we need to pass it right now.  The Bankruptcy Reform Act before us will help the American people and the economy. With the economy slowing down and a declining stock market, Americans are anxious about their economic future. If we hit a recession without fixing the bankruptcy system, we could face a situation where bankruptcies spiral out of control even beyond what they were in the good times of 1998, 1997, and 1996.  The time to act is now, before any recession is in full swing--not to send a signal to those people who legitimately, for the past 100 years, had a reason to have a fresh start. We do not want to stop those people in debt from going to bankruptcy court because of situations beyond their control. No, it is not to stop that. But before we get into this recession and too many people want to further use the bankruptcy code as part of their financial planning, we want to stop those who can repay some of their debt or all of their debt, that they know they are not going to get off scot-free.  I will address how this bill will change the way bankruptcy is being treated in the United States. Simply put, bankruptcy is a court proceeding where people get their debts wiped away. Every debt is wiped away through bankruptcy. When this happens, for every debt that is wiped away, someone loses money. That is not Washington nonsense. That is good old American common sense.  Of course, when someone who extends credit has their obligation wiped away in bankruptcy, they are forced to make a decision. Should this loss simply be swallowed as the cost of doing business and absorbed by the owner or do you raise prices for other customers to make up for your losses? Either way there is no free lunch; somebody pays.  Presently, when an individual files for bankruptcy under chapter 7, a court proceeding takes place and their debts are simply erased. Every time a debt iswiped away through bankruptcy, someone loses money. When someone loses money in this way, he or she has to decide to either assume the loss as a cost of business or raise prices for other customers to make up for that loss. When bankruptcy losses are infrequent, then maybe lenders just swallow the loss, but when they are frequent, lenders need to raise prices to other consumers to offset their losses.  If there are a million businesses out there that have to so deal, I would have to say there are a million answers as to how each one of those businesses might see a debtor getting their losses wiped away.  These higher prices obviously eventually translate into higher interest rates for future borrowers. We had an outstanding economist by the name of Larry Summers--also the last Secretary of the Treasury--testify before our Senate Finance Committee that bankruptcies tend to drive up interest rates. With the possibility of the economy slowing right now, we need to at this time fix a bankruptcy system that inflates interest rates and threatens to make the slowdown even worse. Bankruptcy reform will help our economy through lower interest rates.  The result of the bankruptcy crisis is that hard-working, law-abiding Americans have to pay higher prices for goods and services. S. 420 makes it harder for individuals who can repay their debts to file for bankruptcy under chapter 7 where those debts are wiped away. This would lessen the upward pressure on interest rates and higher prices. It is only fair to require people who can repay their debts to pull their own weight. Under current bankruptcy laws, one can get full debt cancellation in chapter 7 with no questions asked. The Bankruptcy Reform Act before us asks the fundamental question of whether repayment is possible by an individual. If it is, then he or she will be channeled into chapter 13 of the bankruptcy code which requires people to repay a portion of their debt as a precondition for limited debt cancellation.  The bill does this by providing a means test to steer filers who can repay a portion of their debts away from chapter 7 bankruptcy. The test employs a legal presumption that chapter 7 proceedings should be dismissed or converted into chapter 13 whenever the filer earns more than the State medium income and can repay at least $6,000 of his or her unsecured debt over 5 years.  In calculating a debtor's income, living expenses are deducted as permitted under IRS standards for the State and locality where that debtor lives. Legitimate expenses--such as food, shelter, clothing, medical, transportation, attorney's fees, and charitable contributions--are taken into account in this analysis as provided for under these IRS guidelines. Moreover, a debtor may rebut the presumption by demonstrating some sort of special circumstances.  Responding to the point that is always brought up against this bill--we have already heard it this afternoon--that somehow, regarding high medical expenses, you never get adequate consideration of that by the judge if you go into bankruptcy, I don't know what it takes to satisfy people on the other side whom I believe are using this medical expense issue just as an excuse because they don't want any bankruptcy reform. If writing off 100 percent of all medical expenses is not enough, would you be satisfied if we wrote a law that allowed you to write off 101 percent or 102 percent? When I say medical expenses under the IRS guidelines can be written off in making a determination of the ability to repay or go into chapter 13 and then repay part of your debt, I mean that they can be written off.  The means test takes into account a debtor's income and expenses and then, even beyond that, allows the debtor to show special circumstances which would justify adjustments to this IRS benchmark means test. In this way, then, the bankruptcy reform bill preserves the fresh start I have talked about for people who have been overwhelmed by medical debt or sudden unforeseen emergencies.  As stated by the General Accounting Office--not by Senator Grassley but by the General Accounting Office--the bill allows for full 100 percent deductibility of medical expenses before examining repayment ability. This bill preserves fair access to bankruptcy for people who truly are in need.  So that I am crystal clear, people who do not have the ability to repay their debt can still use the bankruptcy system as they would have before. This bill specifically provides that people of limited income can still file under chapter 7. There is a specific safe harbor built in for these individuals so their debt can be wiped away as is done right now--the fresh start.  I repeat: There is a safe harbor for these poor people, but the free ride is over for those who have high incomes and who game the system and who don't want to repay their debt but can repay their debt; they are no longer going to get off scot free.  That brings me to the moral issue involved with bankruptcy reform. Somehow, I know that in 21st century America you aren't supposed to be judgmental about people. Let me say to you I think it is a sad commentary that I can get into trouble for being judgmental about people, but if I were to do the same thing, commit the same act, I would probably get away with it. That is a sad commentary.  There is this issue of personal responsibility. It has been one of the main themes of this bankruptcy reform bill. Since 1993, the numbers of Americans who have declared bankruptcy have increased over 100 percent. That is how you eventually get to that high number 2 years ago of one and four-tenths. While nobody knows all the reasons underlying bankruptcy crises, the data shows that bankruptcies increased dramatically during the same timeframe when unemployment was low and real wages were at an all-time high.  I believe the bankruptcy crisis is a moral crisis. People have to stop looking at bankruptcy as a convenient financial planning tool while other honest Americans have to foot the bill. It is clear to me that our last bankruptcy system must bear some of the blame for this crisis. A system where people aren't even asked to pay off their debts, obviously, contributes to the fraying of the moral fiber of our Nation and to the lack of personal responsibility. Why should people pay their bills when we have a system allowing them to walk away with no questions asked? Why should people honor their obligations when they can take the easy way out through bankruptcy?  I think the system needs to be reformed because it is fundamentally unfair. The Bankruptcy Reform Act before us will then promote personal responsibility among borrowers and create a deterrence for those hoping to cheat the system, to game the system, to use it for financial planning, to get off scot free.  The bill does more than just provide for a flexible means test. It gives judges discretion to consider the individual circumstances of each debtor to determine whether they truly belong in chapter 7 and then get the fresh start that we all agree they are entitled to if they are in this situation because of something beyond their control. But it also contains tough consumer protections that people on the other side of the aisle, correctly so, have brought to our attention that we ought to be doing something about.  We are going to have procedures in this bill to prevent companies from using threats to coerce debtors into paying debts which could be wiped away once they are in bankruptcy. That is not fair play, when we have activity such as that occurring.  The bill requires the Justice Department to concentrate law enforcement resources on enforcing consumer protection laws against abusive debt collection practices. It contains significant new disclosures for consumers, mandating that credit card companies provide key information about how much they owe and how long it will take to pay off their credit card debt by only making a minimum payment--just getting on a treadmill and never getting off.  Consumers will be able to get this information through a toll-free number, where they can get information about how long it will take to pay off their own credit card balances if they make only the minimum payments because we want to help people get off of that treadmill as well. We want to do it by educating consumers and improving the consumers' understanding of their financial situation.  Also, credit card companies that offer credit cards over the Internet willbe required, for the first time, to fully comply with the Truth in Lending Act. So claims that this bill is unbalanced for the creditor and against the debtor are wrong. There are enhanced consumer protection and information and education provisions to give the debtor more information--hopefully, to avoid bankruptcy in the first place.  Our bill makes changes that will help particularly vulnerable segments of our society. We have heard people against this bill--and, again, I think just because they don't want any change in the bankruptcy laws whatsoever, and maybe some of them even think we ought to make it easier to go into bankruptcy--bring up this issue about child support. It is one of their great contributions to the evolution of this legislation, that child support now is the No. 1 priority.  Again, as I said, in the case of these groups of people who are against the bill in the case of medical expenses, if 100-percent deductibility and consideration of 100 percent of the medical expenses isn't enough, should it be 101 percent or 102 percent? Again, if child support is the No. 1 priority, what more can I do for you? There isn't a number smaller than 1 for a priority when it comes to using the assets that are in bankruptcy to see that children are No. 1 in consideration. They ought to be No. 1 in consideration. So they have the highest priority.  I wish to make clear that the bankruptcy bill makes a significant improvement for child support claimants as well. This bankruptcy bill does not hurt them, as opponents try to claim. In fact, the organizations that specialize in tracking down deadbeat dads all believe this bill will be a tremendous help in collecting child support. The people on the front lines say that the bankruptcy bill is good for collecting child support. For example, the bill provides that parents and State child support enforcement collection agencies are given notice when a debtor who owes child support for alimony files for bankruptcy in the first instance--I should say, not in the first instance of bankruptcy but when they file for bankruptcy, this information is going to be made known to them right away because bankruptcy trustees are required to notify child support creditors of their right to use child support enforcement agencies to collect outstanding amounts due.  In addition, the bill requires creditors to provide the last known address of debtors owing support obligations upon the request of the custodial parent. Concerns being expressed by opponents to this bill then, in regard to this child support issue just do not hold water.  The Bankruptcy Reform Act before us also makes great strides in cracking down on the very wealthy individuals who abuse the bankruptcy system. If you listen to our critics, you might get the impression that the homestead exemption is one giant loophole, that we don't deal with it in this bill at all, and that somehow we are protecting the rich. Here again, we had the nonpartisan General Accounting Office look at the question of how frequently the homestead exemption is abused by wealthy people in bankruptcy. The GAO found that less than 1 percent of the bankruptcy filings in the States where there are unlimited homestead exemptions involving homesteads of over $100,000--and the number of States that fall into that category can be counted on the one hand. But in those States 99 percent of the bankruptcy filings are not abusive, according to the General Accounting Office. So there is no big loophole there. In fact, the provision in the bill with respect to homestead is a significant improvement over current law because there is presently no Federal cap on homestead exemptions in the current law.  Our bill changes that by requiring a person be a resident of a State for 2 years before claiming the homestead exemption.  Furthermore, there is a 7-year look-back provision which will allow our bankruptcy judges to review the debtor's activities for the past 7 years to determine whether the debtor was trying to shield assets through this homestead exemption.  This, quite frankly, is one of these very tough issues with which we have to deal. On this, I did not have to deal with Democratic Senators who think it ought to be tougher, but I had to deal with those within my own Republican caucus.  There was a lot of work that had to be done on this. It is a delicate compromise between those who believe the homestead exemption should be capped through Federal law and others who are uncomfortable with the uniform Federal cap because 150 years ago, their State constitution writers wrote a different provision.  I hope my colleagues will not believe it when others say the provisions of this bill that tighten up this exemption, regardless of the State constitutions, is a gaping loophole because it is not. The homestead provision in the bankruptcy bill substantially cuts down on abuses.  I wish to talk about another thing this bankruptcy bill does that is so important in the rural areas of America, particularly as it deals with the family farmer. Some may not know that the farmers across the country currently have no protection at all against foreclosures and forced auctions, and that is because chapter 12 of the bankruptcy code, which I wrote about 15 years ago, sunsetted last June. We thought President Clinton signing this in December would take care of that problem. Chapter 12 has expired leaving farmers without this last-ditch safety net.  The answer is that chapter 12 ceased to exist because opponents of bankruptcy reform stalled movement on this legislation last year so that it would be timely for President Clinton to pocket veto it after we adjourned in December instead of while we were still here, when we obviously had the votes to override it.  Last year's bill would have permanently restored chapter 12 for family farmers, but President Clinton did not think that was an important enough matter. This matter is too important to family farmers for us to be fooling around and not making chapter 12 permanent. It is the only chapter of the bankruptcy code that is not permanent law, but our bankruptcy bill goes further than just making it permanent.  The bill enhances these protections and makes more farmers eligible for chapter 12. The bill lets farmers in bankruptcy avoid capital gains taxes. This is important because it will free up resources to be invested in a farming operation that is trying to turn around rather than going down the big black hole of the Federal Treasury.  Farmers need this chapter 12 safety net, and we in Congress should be standing up for our family farmers. We can do our duty and make sure the family farms are not gobbled up by giant corporate farms, which happens when bankruptcies occur. We can give farmers across America a fighting chance. I hope the Senate does not give in to people who are opposed to this bill and want to fight bankruptcy reform just because they do not want any bill whatsoever and let them hurt the family farmer by stalling this legislation. It is time we do this for the family farmer.  In addition, patients in hospitals and nursing homes get protection under this bill. They deserve it and need it. In the last Congress, the Senate adopted these protections unanimously as an amendment I offered. Let me provide an example of what could happen--and it has happened. This came out in a hearing I held on nursing home bankruptcies.  I learned of a situation in California a couple, 3 years ago where bankruptcy trustees just showed up at a nursing home on a Friday evening and evicted the residents. The bankruptcy trustees did not provide any notice whatsoever that this was going to happen. There was absolutely no chance for the nursing home residents to be relocated. The bankruptcy trustees literally put these elderly people out into the streets and changed the locks on the doors so they could not get back into the nursing home.  This bankruptcy bill will prevent this from ever happening again. For the first time, we will be giving these deserving folks these protections. We set up an ombudsman to look out for their interests.  Getting back to some basics, the truth is, bankruptcies hurt people. It is not fair to permit people who can repay to skip out on their debts. Yes, we do preserve and must preserve fair access to the bankruptcy courts for those who truly need a fresh start. The bankruptcy reform bill that we will passdoes just that, but let those people who can over time pay their debts live up to their responsibilities. Let's restore a proper balance in the bankruptcy system. This bill does that. Enacting bankruptcy reform will help stimulate the economy by lessening pressure on prices because people who can pay their debts do not. Also, interest rates go up, as Secretary Summers has told us.  Passing meaningful bankruptcy reform also can help our economy and simultaneously contribute to rebuilding our Nation's moral foundation by emphasizing, once again, personal responsibility.  I urge my colleagues to support this bill which has a new number, S. 420, but not much changed from the bill that was at the desk, S. 220. This is a product of much negotiation and compromise. It is fair, it is balanced, and it is long overdue.  I yield the floor.  