 President, I encourage my colleagues to vote for this important bankruptcy bill. We've been working on bankruptcy reform for a long time, and it's high time that wepass this bill. This bill will be a big step forward in restoring personal responsibility and in cracking down on bankruptcy abuse. It will also be a big step forward in providing key information to credit card customers and helping people manage their debt.  Let me remind my colleagues that the fundamental question we face with this bill is whether or not people should repay their debts. S. 420 provides that when a person can repay his or her debts, then that person won't be able to take the easy way out. The bill will end the free ride for wealthy deadbeats who walk away from their debts and pass the tab on to honest consumers. No more will those freeloaders get off scott free. But the bill does this by preserving the ability for people who truly need to go into bankruptcy and wipe away their debts so they can have a fresh start.  The point I'm trying to make is that we have a good balance in the bill. Contrary to what our critics say, bankruptcy should not be easy. Yes, we need to have a way for people who are in dire straits to be able to start anew. Our bill does not close out the availability of bankruptcy for these people. Yet, it is just and fair for people who can pay their debts to do just that--pay up. I don't know what people think, but the fact is that someone has to pay if people walk away from their debts. It is not only businesses that have to pay--we all pay when people walk away from their debts. Economic losses from bankruptcy cause higher prices for goods and services, so everyone picks up the tab--consumers, small businesses, the economy.  Our bill makes many improvements with the current system. We make it harder for people to commit fraud and abuse. We prioritize certain debts, such as child support and alimony. We include a number of consumer protections, such as more expansive disclosure requirements, credit counseling, and increased penalties for abusive creditors and deceptive advertising. These are all important steps in correcting many problems in the bankruptcy system.  An important provision in the bill is the permanent extension of Chapter 12, which expired last June. Our family farmers need this crucial protection because they can face bankruptcy due to low commodity prices. The bill also provides significant new tax relief when they sell off assets. This is an extra reason to vote for this bill for my colleagues from farm country.  So, let me remind my colleagues again what this bill does. S. 420 reforms the bankruptcy system to require repayment of debts by individuals who have the ability to pay, while protecting the right of debtors to a financial fresh start. S. 420 strengthens protections for child support and alimony payments by making family support obligations a first priority in bankruptcy. S. 420 makes permanent Chapter 12 bankruptcy for family farmers and lessens the capital gains tax burden on financially strapped farmers who declare bankruptcy.  S. 420 also creates new protections for patients when hospitals and nursing homes declare bankruptcy. S. 420 requires credit card companies to disclose the dangers of making only minimum payments and prohibits deceptive advertising of low introductory rates. S. 420 strengthens enforcement and penalties against abusive creditors for predatory debt collection practices.  So the bill is fair and balanced. S. 420 deserves to be passed by an overwhelming vote.  