 President, while I am waiting to yield some time to Senator Nickles, there is a certain unfairness about the death tax that I will present to my colleagues for consideration. Based on the recent speeches, though, I am not sure it is going to make much difference.  You can have two people who, throughout a lifetime, make the same amount of money. They are all taxed when they make it at the income tax levels. You can have this family over here living very conservatively, moderately--you might even say miserly--and leave a big estate. You can also have this family over here that spends their money as quickly as they get it, buying a big boat, a big camper, partying every night, womanizing every night, not leaving one penny to their heirs.  This family has been taxed once throughout their lifetime on that money. This family over here has been taxed exactly the same way when it was made, and then, just because they were very careful how they lived, they are going to be taxed again when they die. What is the fairness about that sort of taxation?  We ought to reward thrift. We ought to discourage this sort of activity over here where people are living for today and forgetting about tomorrow and reward the people who look to the future and are concerned about their children and grandchildren. It seems to me there ought to be some reward for that.  As long as I have been in Congress, my belief is that no American family should be forced to pay up to 60 percent of their savings, their business, or their family farm in taxes when they die. No taxpayer should be visited by the undertaker and the tax collector at the same time. No tax should be greater than 50 percent.  I have heard from hundreds of American taxpayers saying that all their lives they had saved for their children and grandchildren's college education. They have worked overtime and saved all their money, and now the death tax is going to take over 50 percent of their savings that was going to pay for other college tuition for relatives.  Remember that the 50-percent tax rate starts at $2 million. You can pay a lot of college education on that kind of savings.  Let our American taxpayers keep their savings and pay their grandchildren's tuition. Do not steal the American dream from these families that have lived conservatively and worked just as hard as other people who leave nothing and pay taxes once.  Remember, a $3 million estate will pay the Government in death taxes over $1 million. That will pay a lot of tuition as well.  This amendment will control the lives of Americans by only reducing the death tax to 53 percent. Let American parents and grandparents keep their savings. No tax should be greater than 50 percent.  Once again, how much tax is too much for people who want to tax income and estates at a higher rate? It is obvious Senator Schumer thinks that 53 percent on the estate of these people who have not spent all their money and who save it is legitimate. I do not happen to think so.  I do not understand how a person who talks about fairness can say that a family who has had good income throughout their lives and has not saved one penny should only be taxed once, and another family that has the same income and paid the same income tax on it as this other family, but because they wanted to live carefully, moderately, miserly, and save their money for whatever they wanted to save it for, they should be taxed again. There ought to be some reward for not living just for today and forgetting about tomorrow. I will vote no on this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.  I need to tell my colleagues that I have received hundreds of phone calls and letters from people who are particularly in the World War II generation. Only this morning we were reminded by Senator Stevens that these World War II veterans are dying by the thousands every day, and they cannot wait 10 years for death tax reform.  They tell me they have been morally responsible citizens, and they are angry that the last 40 or 50 years of their savings, having lived carefully and having worked hard, will be stolen. They are angry that the Federal Government will not let them educate their children and grandchildren so they are not forced for yet another generation working 60 hours a week. The World War II generation wants to help their grandchildren stay in the middle class without mountains of debt.  