 By the way, I am supposed to be in the conference in 2 minutes. I am not going to be there because I want to respond to the Senator about not only bankruptcy but also about these tax provisions. That is to remind the Senate--particularly the 17 Members of the Senate, or maybe it was only 15 Members of the Senate, including the Senator from Minnesota, who voted against the bankruptcy bill. I hope a vote of 84 to 15, or something like that, tells you what a good piece of legislation we had.  But in regard to bankruptcy, to allay anybody's fears about what bankruptcy legislation does, even at a time when we are in the midst of a war on terrorism, and we have had an economic downturn because of that terrorist activity, anybody who cannot pay their debt will still be able to go into bankruptcy.  What we are trying to do through this bankruptcy reform legislation that is now in conference between the House and the Senate is for those who have the ability to repay--who under present law can go into chapter 7 and get off scot-free--will have to pay.  We are talking about people with the ability to repay their debts and who are gaming the system to get away with financial murder. They are not going to be able to do that anymore.  In regard to the comments of the Senator from Minnesota and other Senators who have talked about the nonconcern people on this side of the aisle might have about people who are unemployed because of the terrorist attacks of September 11, the whole purpose of this legislation is to address economic problems that exist because of the terrorist attacks of September 11.  Where we have separation from people in the other political party is the fact that a lot of people on the other side of the aisle are taking advantage of the September 11 terrorist attacks, and also the economic problems resulting therefrom, to put a lot of legislation on the agenda that would not otherwise be on the agenda.  What we are trying to do is what Chairman Greenspan advises us to do--to do those things that are stimulative and related to the downturn in the economy, directly related to the proposition of September 11.  First of all, I do not think the Senator from Minnesota gives the President any credit for being concerned about low-income people who are hurt as a result of this because in a way of addressing, in a bipartisan way, the stimulus needs of our Nation, the President has already provided for tax payments, rebates, whatever you want to call them, to low-income people to help the demand and consumer side of the ledger. And, obviously, that proposal by our President that is in the Republican proposal as well has somehow not come to the attention of the Senator from Minnesota. So I bring that to his attention, that the President of the United States has already addressed that.  Second, we have followed the advice of Chairman Greenspan, who said there ought to be incentives for investment in manufacturing. As the chart I showed you yesterday--that is not in this Chamber today--indicates, there has been a very steady increase in consumer spending over the last 10 years. Until recently, there was a very steady increase in manufacturing investment. But in the last three or four quarters, there has been a tremendous downturn in investment in manufacturing. Chairman Greenspan believes that by accelerating depreciation, we will be able to create jobs, stimulate the manufacturing economy, and get that segment of the economy back on the road to recovery and create a lot of jobs in the process.  So, again, I do not think Republicans can be accused of not being sympathetic when we are following the advice of Chairman Greenspan on fiscal and tax policies. His point of view ought to be respected in that area the same way a large share of the country respects his view on monetary policy, as now 10 times he has reduced the rate of inflation to help the economy.  The Senator from Minnesota must also not be aware of the fact that our proposal has in it help for those who are going to lose health insurance because of being unemployed. In fact, if you look at the Democrat proposal, again, as I said yesterday, by the time they get their program implemented, we will be out of a recession. And, we have a plan that will get help to the people who do not have health insurance within 30 days after the bill is signed by the President of the United States.  Their plan creates Federal bureaucracy, a new Federal program, Federal rules and regulations. Just think of the months it is going to take to get all that in place. Plus, there is an unfunded mandate on the States to put a parallel bureaucracy and program in place for the purpose of dispensing help to people who are unemployed but probably 9 to 12 months down the road.  We already have a program in place where we can get help to those people within 1 month after the President signs the bill.  To say that we have no concern about the unemployed, then let me ask the Senator from Minnesota, how come we have provisions in our bill to extend unemployment compensation by 13 weeks, which is not exactly, but is along the same lines of what their party suggests?  So all along there is a division that is being drawn between Republicans and Democrats that is not the tradition of this Senate, surely not the tradition of the Senate Finance Committee that writes tax legislation and unemployment and health-insurance-type legislation. There is no point in having it because this Senate will get nothing done unless it is done in a bipartisan way.  I hope we have set the stage for some votes this afternoon that will show that this Senate is only going to address the stimulative needs of this economy in a bipartisan way. The sooner we get that bipartisan process underway, the better. I think that will happen.  (