 President, the State death tax credit is one of the last vestiges of revenue sharing. The State has a luxury of not having an estate tax and just waiting for a portion of the Federal estate tax to be allocated to the State treasury.  What we have tried to do in this mark is, in a fair way, allow the States to review the concerns of their citizens, and if they want to have their own death tax, then any tax paid to the States will be fully deductible on the final return. This will be phased in over the next 5 years, and it will be phased in over the next 5 years until repealed. In fact, the tax money will be paid out over the next 7 years.  The States will have plenty of time for their legislatures to meet and decide on a State-by-State level if they want to maintain the death tax.  Unlike the House amendment by Congressman Rangel, we did not repeal the credit immediately. But if the Federal Government does not collect the money, it is not ours to share. State death tax credit current law states up to $2.5 million. The rate is 8 percent. Total tax is $146,800. Our relief act before us--the act of 2001--is identical. The top rate of 16 percent is only collected on estates over $10 million. The number of Florida estates, for example, over $10 million is 126. The number of Iowa estates over $10 million is 22.  In addition, at the expense of the American taxpayers, the Senator from Florida is taking care of State governments. He postpones the unified credit increase for years. The act before us gives a $3 million credit by the year 2005. The Senator postpones $3 million until the year 2007, and he never reaches $3.5 million or $4 million at the expense of the American taxpayers.  So I think it is very important that we take a good look at this. Again, I want to remind everybody that we have tried to--in this estate tax provision of this bill, the phasing out of the estate tax is a controversial issue, even with those of us who have agreed to this bipartisan agreement. But what is not controversial is the way in which this bipartisan portion of our overall legislation, the estate tax provision, was worked out--very carefully, in a nonemotional, nonpolitical way, between Senator Lincoln on the one hand--she is a Democrat--and Senator Kyl on the other hand, being a Republican--working these things out. And except for those who do not believe there should be any total repeal of the estate tax, even in the year 2001, this was a well-accepted compromise that is in this mark.  Obviously, this provision by the Senator from Florida detracts from that. That is why we ask that it be defeated when we vote on it Monday.  I yield the floor.  