 President, I rise to comment on the legislation before us, and particularly I want to take this opportunity to thank the chairman and ranking member of the appropriations subcommittee, as well as members of that subcommittee, because they have included some very important pieces in this legislation that deal with issues before the Senate Finance Committee of which I am a member. I would like to speak about those provisions and explain some of the subsequent action we anticipate over the next 12 months.  This is obviously a very important bill. There are some key provisions in it that relate to the work of the Finance Committee. First, I thank the Appropriations Committee for its action on the social services block grant. Earlier this year, I wrote a letter to the committee leaders requesting that funding for this key program be restored to the levels agreed to in the 1996 Welfare Reform Act.  State and local governments rely on this key block grant, that we call the social services block grant, to address a range of human service needs, particularly for vulnerable children, families, elderly, and persons with disabilities.  The bill before us would give States needed flexibility to transfer some of the funds they receive under the Temporary Assistance to Needy Families Program to the Social Services Block Grant Program. Many Governors have asked for this flexibility. I am glad that the Appropriations Committee has acted accordingly.  I also note the bill's report language favoring improved health care in rural America, including more equitable Medicare payments. While the appropriations report language is not binding on the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services within the Department of Health and Human Services, I appreciate the support for the Finance Committee's efforts to make Medicare payments more fair for providers in rural America.  For years I have worked, along with other colleagues, to sustain and support rural communities. As a result, Medicare legislation has passed in recent years to take significant steps to bring greater equity to rural America but still not enough equity, hence the report language, and hence the need for the Finance Committee to do greater work in this area.  I will give an example. My Finance Committee colleagues and I have successfully worked to make the Critical Access Hospital designation more widely available, allowing small rural hospitals to actually keep their doors open; otherwise, they would be out of business and we would not have health care in those parts of rural America.  As a second point, we worked to begin eliminating the bias of the Medicare Disproportionate Share Program against rural hospitals, and, lastly, to protect small rural facilities against adverse effects from the new outpatient payment system.  As I said, we still have a long way to go. So I am working with my Finance Committee colleagues to craft further legislation that will make Medicare more equitable as part of our broader efforts to strengthen Medicare. I plan to work to ensure Finance Committee approval of such legislation next year, in 2002. And I look forward to the support of Appropriations Committee members when it reaches the floor of the Senate.  On another point, appropriators have recognized the importance of enhancing education opportunities for Medicare providers, an issue I have been working on for the past 10 months with colleagues on my own Finance Committee. There is broad recognition that health care providers participating in Medicare should have access to timely and clear information about changes to the program.  Before the Senate leaves for the year, I expect to introduce some of this legislation on which we have reached agreement, after these months of work with Senators Murkowski, Baucus, and Kerry, to enhance Medicare provider education, improve communication between Health and Human Services and health care providers out in the field, and streamline paperwork burdens among other things this bill does.  Providing more money to the Medicare Integrity Program for provider education is one aspect of the legislation, and the Appropriations Committee affirmed their support in its committee report of the bill that is now before us.  I applaud, specifically, the efforts of Senator Bayh of Indiana--there are others who worked with him whom I will not name--to require the General Accounting Office report to the committees of jurisdiction on the status of HIPAA's administrative simplification regulations. Obviously, I look forward to receiving that report in the Finance Committee, and working with my colleagues to implement administrative simplification in a commonsense, rational way so that well-intended legislation will actually accomplish its goals without hurting innocent programs, peoples, or facilities.  For today, the good news is that we have already taken steps in the Finance Committee to address immediate problems with administrative simplification. Senator Baucus and I have worked closely with Senator Craig of Idaho and Senator Dorgan of North Dakota to introduce legislation--and we did this just yesterday--allowing States, counties, health care providers, and health plans a much needed additional 1 year to comply with the ``transactions and code sets'' regulation.  Our bill will give everyone covered by the rule additional time to plan, implement, and finance the systems changes required under that rule. This is especially important for State and local offices, the public health infrastructure, and, most importantly, the patients who we all want to serve so that they continue to receive timely access to these benefits.  I pledge my full support to consider the General Accounting Office's recommendations on administrative simplification in the Finance Committee next year.  I also continue to applaud appropriators for their decision to increase funding for survey and certification activities of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. For years, I have called attention to the need for nursing homes to be examined more carefully. And this cannot be done without the additional funding. The committee's allocation for this purpose represents an $18.5 million increase over the 2001 year level.  I am pleased to note that the bill proposes a $20 million increase in funding to the Administration on Aging for the Family Caregiver Program, which supports our Nation's everyday heroes--family caregivers--to a level of $140 million. As the author of this legislation that was passed as part of the Older Americans Act reauthorization last year, I thank the appropriators for their continued support of what I consider an important program that puts us well on the way of recognizing the economic contribution, as well as the quality of life contribution of family caregivers.  Finally, I commend the appropriators for their support of the Safe and Stable Families Act. This is a broadly supported program that provides crucial services to at-risk families. I look forward to working with Chairman Baucus to reauthorize that program this year with increased funding levels.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Clinton). The Senator from Alabama.  