 From that standpoint, this legislation is very frontloaded. But we are dealing with a congressional budget resolution that was adopted earlier this month.  The budget surplus, excluding Social Security, will be $2.3 trillion over the next 11 years. The proposed tax reductions over the next 11 years will be $1.3 trillion of that $2.3 trillion.  When one looks at the budget surplus and the tax cuts on a year-by-year basis, one will see that tax cuts are designed to stay within the available surplus each and every year. Twenty-nine percent of the budget surplus occurs over the next 5 years, and 29 percent of the tax cut is phased in over the next 5 years. Sixteen percent of the budget surplus occurs in the last year, while only 14 percent of the tax cuts occur the last year. In other words, the tax cuts are phased in to reflect the surpluses available to pay for them.  To the extent one argues that our bill is backloaded, our tax relief is frontloaded for the lower income taxpayers, particularly that 10-percent new bracket about which I have been talking. The tax cuts for the higher income taxpayers who pay the bulk of the Federal tax burden come later.  The reason for this is we want to help lower income taxpayers first, and the tax surplus itself is phased in. So additional tax relief needs to wait until the year 2006. As a result, lower and middle-income taxpayers benefit by getting their money back first and for the time value of having that money in their pocket longer than higher rate taxpayers.  It amazes me; if we had $1.6 trillion the President wanted for tax cuts, we would not have to backload some of these benefits. Wouldn't you know that the people who are complaining about backloading are the same ones who voted against the $1.6 trillion tax cut authority that is in the budget resolution. They deny us the tools then to enact full tax cuts today and then complain because we have to wait a few years to make the tax cuts. These are the same people who, during the budget reconciliation debate, cried that 10-year projections are unreliable. Now they rely on 20-year projections to claim that our tax cut will have negative effects in the second 10 years.  It is a fictitious argument because the bill ends in 2011. Under Senate rules, the bill will not be in effect in the second 10 years.  We are about national priorities, but that issue was settled last week during the budget resolution debate. The budget resolution itself decides what our national priorities are. This bipartisan tax bill before us then is one part of the priorities the entire Senate set 2 weeks ago when we voted for the budget resolution by a vote of 52-48.  The Senate Finance Committee in this bipartisan tax bill is responding to the majority of the Senate in bringing this bill before us as one part of everything that was decided in that budget resolution.  We have had people tell us that we cannot rely on projected surpluses to pay for our tax cuts. However, the biggest threat to fiscal discipline is higher spending, not lower taxes. In 1997, Congress and the President agreed to cap discretionary spending in an effort to balance the Federal budget. Unfortunately, as Federal revenues rose to record levels and our deficits turned into surpluses, these spending caps were broken.  Since 1997, discretionary spending has exceeded the budget caps by $272 billion. Over the next 10 years, discretionary spending will exceed the levels established in 1997 by $1.3 trillion and, as one can see, that is so close to what this tax bill is that it is enough to pay for our entire tax reduction.  No one seems to worry about how unreliable the surplus projections are when we add trillions of dollars in higher spending to the Federal budget. It seems as if there is plenty of money in these 10-year projections if we want to appropriate money, spend more money, but, lo and behold, we bring a tax bill before the Senate to let people keep the money they have earned rather than sending it to Washington, and somehow these 10-year budget projections we rely upon to make policy decisions are undependable.  I have come to the conclusion, or I would not be a part of this bipartisan tax bill, and I would not have voted for the budget agreement, that there is plenty of money from the tax surplus to give tax relief to working men and women and to do it in a way that is fiscally disciplined but, more importantly, imposes fiscal discipline on a lot of the big spenders around this Congress who think they know more how to handle the taxpayers' money than the taxpayers do, who believe if we spend more money, we are going to create more wealth.  Common sense dictates that the Government does not create wealth. Common sense dictates that individual Americans using the resources of their labor and their brain create wealth.  On the other hand, if that money were in the pockets of Members of Congress, it would burn a hole. So we return it to the taxpayers of America, and it allows them, through individual decisionmaking, to decide what they want to do with that money.  The process is going to turn over many more times in the economy, particularly if it is invested, than if we spend it in Washington in a political decision as to how the goods and services in our country ought to be distributed. It is better not to make a political decision but let the marketplace empower the individuals to make a choice. We are going to create more wealth, and the money is going to turn over more times in the economy that way and do more good.  We have also heard the accusation that we are raiding the trust funds. Some people continue to suggest that the tax cut will do this to the Social Security trust fund and the Medicare trust fund. Let me explain it this way.  The budget resolution for which I voted is the basis for this bipartisan tax bill and also, to some extent, what the President said in his budget to the Congress: We can fund our priorities, we can give tax relief to working men and women, we can preserve the Social Security trust fund and the Medicare trust fund, and we can pay down every dollar due on the national debt throughout the 10-year projection of our budget resolution.  There are people who disagree with that, but obviously the vast majority of this body understands that to be a fact.  Under current law, when Social Security and Medicare collect more than they spend--in other words, more income than outgo yearly in the Medicare trust fund and the Social Security trust fund--that money is invested in U.S. Government bonds. These bonds are held by the trust fund until needed to pay benefits. That will be roughly2017 for Social Security, probably roughly 2010 for Medicare. In the case of Social Security, that will keep benefits at 100 percent, at least through the year 2037.  So when people talk about raiding the trust fund--I don't know whether this is their intent--they do mislead Americans. They want people to believe we are reducing the balance in the trust fund to pay for tax reduction. They know that is not true. The balance in the trust fund can only be reduced to pay for Social Security and Medicare benefits. The tax cuts cannot reduce the balance in the trust fund.  Once again, the chart emphasizes what I first said. It shows we will continue to have tax surpluses, indicated by the blue bar, each of the next 10 years. The tax cuts are the red bar and are a small part of each of those tax surpluses each year. We can see the charge of backload. Albeit we are giving relief to every taxpayer this year, in 2001, the tax reductions of this bill kick in over the next few years to reflect the growing tax surplus we have coming into the Federal Treasury.  I hope people see that as a responsible way to make sure we are able to fund our priorities, maintain the Social Security/Medicare trust funds, pay down every dollar due on the national debt over the next 10 years, and still give tax relief to working men and women.  I yield the floor.  