                           Amendment No. 674  I want to use my time to speak at this point on the first or, I guess now, the second amendment that is going to be up for a vote at 6 o'clock, the Carnahan-Daschle amendment.  I want my colleagues to understand exactly what this amendment does because I think it is one of the toughest amendments and one that may have one of the closest votes today.  This amendment by Senator Carnahan guts the tax relief for individual taxpayers by $87 billion. In effect, it increases taxes on families and working people by $87 billion by denying them the tax cuts contained in our bipartisan tax bill.  Here is how the amendment works.  First, this amendment not only delays the reduction of the marginal tax rates; it provides for only a 1-point reduction in the marginal tax rates over a period of years compared to the 3-point reduction in the bipartisan plan Senator Baucus and I have put together.  This 1-point reduction equals the rate relief that our bipartisan tax plan provides in the first year alone. Our plan's additional tax cuts would be eliminated entirely under the Carnahan-Daschle amendment.  I have a chart here that demonstrates this better. Their amendment allows only a 1-percent rate cut, which our bill implements next year. But Senator Carnahan's amendment delays the rate cuts over 5 years. As you can see from the bottom part of this chart, 1 point each year, but with a different rate each year so that it takes 5 years.  The Carnahan-Daschle amendment would entirely eliminate the bipartisan bill's tax cuts for the years 2005 and 2007.  Our plan reduces the 28-percent rate to 25 percent over 6 years. Our amendment reduces the rate by 1 percentage point to 27 percent next year.  Two years from now, the Carnahan-Daschle amendment would reduce the 28-percent rate to 27 percent but would entirely stop there--no more tax cuts after that point for the 28-percent taxpayers.  Who is a 28-percent taxpayer? It would include any family with taxable income over $45,200. Those families get the shaft under the Carnahan-Daschle amendment.  Our plan also would reduce the 31-percent rate to a 28-percent rate over 6 years, and would do it immediately 1 point next year.  Three years from now, the Carnahan-Daschle amendment would reduce the 31 percent to 30 percent, but stop right there--no more tax cuts then for the 31-percent taxpayer.  You can see from this chart, it is the same story over and over again.  The Carnahan-Daschle amendment takes just the first year of tax cuts from our bipartisan bill and spreads them out over 5 years. And, of course, that is their idea of tax relief for American working men and women.  How do they justify this? How do they justify taking away $87 billion of tax relief from individual taxpayers? They rationalize it by reducing the 15-percent rate to 14 percent; that is all. They claim a 1-percent reduction of one bracket justifies denying a 2-point further reduction in all other brackets.  Senators Carnahan and Daschle claim this 14-percent rate puts more benefit to middle-income taxpayers. I doubt that. I will show you with a little bit of math how there is reason to doubt that.  I would like to go back to the 28-percent taxpayer family; that is, any family with taxable income over $45,200. Senator Baucus has noted that 75 percent of the benefits under the new 10-percent rate bracket in our bill go to taxpayers making less than $75,000. So I will use that as a starting point.  Let's say we have a family with taxable income of $75,000. Under the Carnahan-Daschle amendment, the reduction of the 15-percent rate would save them $452. Two years from now, the 28-percent rate would go to 27 percent, which would give another $298 back. Our bill would give them the $298 not 2 years from now but right now.  So when their plan is fully implemented, this family will have a total tax cut of $750 under the Carnahan-Daschle amendment. When our bipartisan plan is fully implemented, this family will have tax savings of $894, which is $144 more than under the Carnahan-Daschle plan. That is because we reduce the 28-percent rate to 25 percent. Our plan provides over 19 percent more in tax cuts for this family than does the Carnahan-Daschle amendment.  Senators Carnahan and Daschle justify their proposal because they claim taxpayers in this 15-percent income bracket are shorted since our plan does not reduce the 15-percent rate. They claim that families earning between $12,000 and $45,000 will get no rate cut and no tax relief. That is completely untrue.  The nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation says that our bipartisan bill provides between 9 percent and 33 percent of relief for families making between $12,000 and $45,000. Taxpayers on the lower end of this range receive the biggest percentage reduction, 33 percent; those on the upper end receive the least, 9 percent.  Senators Carnahan and Daschle do not consider that our bipartisan plan targets other benefits to taxpayers in this income range.  They only look at the rate itself. So these benefits, including the child care credit, the education incentives, the pensions, and the IRA provisions, and various other tax relief measures in this bill, are yet further reductions for people at the 15-percent bracket, between $12,000 and $45,000.  The child credit is one example. The entire 15-percent bracket qualifies for it while it is phased out in higher brackets. For many current 15-percent bracket families, the child credit will erase more than 100 percent of their tax liability. The $3,000 expansion of the earned-income credit income thresholds will make more 15-percent bracket families qualify. Higher tax brackets will not qualify.  When fully phased in, a four-person, two-earner family earning $30,000 will see their tax bill change from a $346 liability to a $1,911 net refund under this bill, and that is a 652-percent swing.  You may wonder why we targeted these benefits instead of reducing the 15-percent rate. Well, Senator Daschle made this point better than I could when he spoke on the Senate floor last Thursday. This is the reason he identified in correctly pointing out that when you reduce the tax rate, the benefits of the rate reduction go to taxpayers in that rate bracket and to all other taxpayers in the higher rate brackets. This is because taxpayers pass through the lower rate bracket on their way to the higher rate brackets. If you did a rate cut, it would cause our plan to favor upper income levels, for which I am sure Senator Daschle would severely criticize us. Our plan does not do that.  As this chart demonstrates, our bill makes the current tax system even more progressive than it is currently. In every one of these brackets, under present law, people are paying a higher share than they would under the new tax law, except for the highest income level of $200,000 and above. At that level, people at $200,000 and above are going to be paying a higher proportion of taxes than they do today. But for every other income level, as a result of our legislation, people in those income levels are going to be paying a lower share of taxes.  The Daschle-Carnahan proposal would actually make our tax system less progressive by giving greater savings to upper income taxpayers as they pass through the 14-percent bracket. When you are really serious about reducing the tax burden for people in the 15-percent income tax bracket, you target available resources to people at that income level. That is exactly what our bipartisan bill does. It targets benefits to families making between $12,000 and $45,000 and provides relief ranging, then, from 9 percent at the $45,000 income to 33 percent at the lower income.  That is better relief than Senator Carnahan's 1-percent rate reduction because taking a 15-percent rate to 14 percent is less than a 7-percent reduction of the rate itself.  I don't want you to take my word for it. I don't take Senator Daschle's or Senator Carnahan's word for it, either. These are conclusions drawn by the Joint Committee on Taxation.  Let's look at the choice before us. Our bipartisan bill provides 9 to 33 percent of relief for 15-percent taxpayers. Our bill provides 19 percent more tax relief to middle-income taxpayers. Their amendment increases individual income taxes by $87 billion based upon the false assumption that we have not cut the tax burden of the 15-percent taxpayers.  This all seems to be a simple decision. If you want to provide meaningful relief for all taxpayers, then you should vote to defeat the Carnahan-Daschle amendment. If you want to increase individual income taxes by $87 billion based upon flawed analysis, then by all means vote for the amendment of the opposition. Their amendment only reduces taxes 1 percentage point. It provides a mere thimbleful of tax relief.  This amendment creates a smokescreen to try to fool middle-income Americans into believing they are getting substantial tax relief when, in fact, it will increase their tax burden by billions.  I will also point out to my colleagues from the other side that the Carnahan-Daschle amendment is not the same amendment offered by Senator Daschle during the Finance Committee markup. That amendment would have cut all of the rates by 1 percent in 2002. The Carnahan-Daschle amendment spreads the 1-percent cuts over 5 years, a very significant difference.  I hope the Carnahan-Daschle amendment to withdraw $87 billion in tax cuts is not the crown jewel of the Democrats' tax proposal. I believe the bipartisan bill put forth by our committee should be the high watermark for both political parties.  I say to all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who supported the budget resolution, a vote for the Carnahan-Daschle amendment destroys our efforts to provide a $1.35 trillion tax cut. As you know, the RELIEF Actbefore us contains only individual income tax cuts. It is not larded in favor of a lot of special interest legislation that sometimes is in tax bills. You cannot draft bipartisan legislation if you do that.  A vote to decrease the tax cuts in the RELIEF Act is a vote to increase income taxes of individuals across America by $87 billion. Obviously, I urge Members to vote to reject the Carnahan-Daschle amendment.  I yield the floor.  