 Besides responding to his specific amendments, I would like to--on, hopefully, the last day of debating this bill; and there have been a lot of ``last days'' over the last three Congresses to finally get a bill to the President that will be signed into law--take an opportunity to express some history.  First of all, let me suggest to the Senator from Minnesota that there are a lot of trade associations that are very interested in getting this bill passed. I am not oblivious to that. But I think you ought to take into consideration how Senator Grassley got to the point of considering legislation such as this.  I have town meetings around Iowa, just as I am sure you do in Minnesota. You go to the small towns of Minnesota to hold town meetings; I go to the small towns of Iowa, in each of the 99 counties every year, to hold town meetings. Maybe it is not always a town meeting. It might be at a coffee break for the workers at a factory; it might be at a Rotary Club, and all those things. I have a dialog with my constituents. And over the period of the time I have been in the Senate--maybe not immediately, but in the late 1980s and early 1990s--where did I first hear about abuses of bankruptcy laws that we passed in 1978, which were not intended to make it easier to get into bankruptcy but it ended up that way, 20 years later, so we realized?  It was from the small business people of Main Street USA that I heard about the irritating impact of people declaring bankruptcy. Maybe in some of those cases those bankruptcies would have been legitimate. As we all agree, some people deserve a fresh start. Even under that circumstance, it is irritating to the small businessperson to have somebody declare bankruptcy and then, maybe a month later, to see that person driving a new car.  These are the impressions I have of the use of bankruptcy that brought me to this point, along with the Senator from Alabama, Mr. Heflin, who, until he left the Senate in 1996, was either chairman of this subcommittee when Democrats were in the majority, or I was the chairman and he was the ranking member. He and I worked together on bankruptcy legislation. It was nothing very major through the 1980s and early 1990s, just a technical correction here or there. We were impressed with the number of small businesspeople who would tell us about the abuse of bankruptcy laws, people not paying their bills, and then the small businessperson being stuck with it. That is one point.  The second point is, over the period since the 1978 law passed, we have had a lot of changes in the economy of our country and also the globalization of the economy. The bankruptcy law has not changed with the economics and the changing conditions of the American economy. So early in the 1990s--and I think it took us about 4 years to get a commission set up--we decided, even though we had been working on bankruptcy legislation for a period of time and making some technical corrections, things of that nature--nothing real major--we had been thinking about how to handle this proposition of some corrections, some fine-tuning of the bankruptcy code--we decided to set up the Bankruptcy Commission.  All during that period of time of hearing from our constituents at the grassroots of America about abuse of bankruptcy laws or our seeing the need for some change in bankruptcy laws because of the changing economy, we never heard from these trade associations the Senator is referring to that a commission ought to be set up to change the bankruptcy laws. We set up a commission not made up of political people but experts in bankruptcy laws to bring about some suggested changes. Three Congresses ago, Senator Durbin and I introduced the results of that commission.  Obviously, at that point, people started lobbying for and against legislation. That is the way the process has worked for a long time. We are here today not because of those trade associations that are very much involved for and against this bill. Don't forget, when you talk about the business interests, there is as much fighting within business as to who is going to be on top or who is going to be on the bottom in the priorities as there is between business as creditors and the debtors the Senator is protecting.  There is a lot of dispute among these trade associations; there is a lot of dispute among various segments of our business community as to just exactly how the laws should be changed. I suggest to the Senator that there is probably as much effort in lobbying between business as there is between all business on one hand and the debtors on the other hand.  I am not saying anything he said is incorrect, nothing whatsoever. I am just saying that, please, look at it from the perspective of the 15 years that I have been involved in bankruptcy legislation and how we came from point A to point B today.  