 I also want to thank my friend, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, for holding a hearing and a committee vote on Mr. Mueller's nomination this soon after President Bush's forwarding of Mr. Mueller's nomination to the Senate. It is my hope that when we return from summer recess, we will be able to keep the same pace with President Bush's many other critical nominees.  Mr. Mueller will have a big job in front of him as the new Director of the FBI. The Bureau is plagued with culture problems which have eroded the public's confidence in their ability to effectively investigate crime and apprehend criminals. The senior management of the FBI has fostered a culture of arrogance that has produced abuse of power and coverup. The FBI has been embarrassed time and again by the misconduct of its senior management. First there were the tragedies at Waco and Ruby Ridge. The FBI retaliated against Dr. Fred Whitehurst after he blew the whistle on the FBI crime labs. There was also the botched investigation into the Wen Ho Lee matter and the FBI's failure to turn over evidence to the defense in the Timothy McVeigh trial.  As an ardent advocate of FBI reform, what often gets lost in my comments is the respect that I have for the thousands of men and women serving their country as FBI employees. My criticisms of the FBI's management culture should in no way minimize the great sacrifices that our honest and hardworking FBI agent and support personnel make every day for our country. But these men and women, as well as the American people, deserve a law enforcement organization that has integrity and credibility. The FBI management system is broken, and this does a real disservice to the hardworking agents on the street.  Mr. Mueller and I met in my office a few weeks ago to discuss this culture of arrogance and his plans for reform. In the three short weeks since that meeting, the FBI's culture of arrogance has continued to raise its ugly head. Just a week after the meeting, the national papers were filled with headlines that the FBI couldn't find its guns. The FBI has lost or had stolen from them 440 firearms and 171 laptop computers. The Inspector General is currently conducting an investigation to determine the extent of the damages, but we do know that one of the lost guns was used in the commission of a homicide and at least one of the laptops contained classified information about two espionage cases.  A day after that revelation, four senior FBI agents testified before the Judiciary Committee that the Bureau has dual standard for the disciplining of employees. According to these men, Senior Executive Service employees are given slaps on the wrists for their infractions, while the rank and file agents are often punished to the letter of the law.  Most recently, last Thrusday, the public saw a good example of how some SES employees abuse their power: The Washington Times reported that a group of FBI managers staged a conference entitled ``Integrity in Law Enforcement'' that we merely a sham and a cover, so that senior FBI managers could obtain improper reimbursements for traveling to a retirement party for veteran agent Larry Potts. The Washington Times further reported that ``no one was disciplined other than to receive letters of censure.'' This lack of discipline directly counters the letter of the law. In 1994, Director Freeh issued a ``Bright Line'' memo dictating that voucher fraud and the making of false statements would result in dismissal. Had the rank and file done this, they would have been fired.  These most recent FBI blunders are further eroding public confidence that the FBI is up to the task their Nation has called upon them to do.  But, not all the news is bad. In the weeks since our meeting, the Attorney General has issued an order to enlarge the jurisdiction of the Department of Justice Office of Inspector General. The Inspector General will not have primary jurisdiction over allegations of misconduct against employees of the FBI and DEA. This is an important and encouraging step toward overall FBI reform. I hope it will help to solve the problems that the FBI has with their management culture. Previous to this, the Inspector General could not initiate an investigation within the FBI or DEA, without expressed permission from the Deputy Attorney General. I have been saying for many years that the FBI should not be allowed to police itself, and I am encouraged by this new step toward the establishment of a free and independent oversight entity. Along these same lines, Senator Leahy and I will soon be offering a bill to make permanent what the Attorney General's Order accomplished regarding oversight of the Bureau and the reporting of misconduct by FBI employees. This bill is critical to having lasting reform.  In order for a true change in the FBI's management culture to occur, there must be vigorous oversight by an independent IG, as well as by the Congress. With the Attorney General's order and the work of the Senate Judiciary Committee, there will be oversight. But, there must also be a strong leader known for honesty and integrity at the helm of the Bureau. Mr. Mueller has sterling credentials and a great deal of experience. He has also impressed me with his history of reform while the U.S. Attorney for San Francisco. A similar overhaul is needed at the FBI. However, I'm converned that Mr. Mueller still doesn't fully comprehend the culture problems that exist at the FBI. As the new Director, he must be committed to fundamentally changing the Bureau's management culture.  That being said, I am suporting Mr. Mueller's nomination. Based on this responses to the concerns that I have raised with him, the commitments he has made to reform the culture of the FBI, as well as the many recommendations he has received in support of this nomination, I trust that he will be able to institute the much needed reform of the FBI's management culture. I will be voting to confirm Mr. Mueller to be director of the FBI.  