  The theory from the articles is the political strategy of the Democratic leadership is to covertly thwart any stimulus and aid to dislocated workers. It is good to keep these issues as ``issues'' to beat up on the President next year and on Republicans, particularly if the economy does not recover. If the economy does recover, what is lost except stimulative tax relief and some worker aid? Better to keep the issue than to act now is the way it turns out.  So goes the theory, then. Apply the iron fist, but do it covertly, using the velvet glove so as to escape responsibility for your actions.  I hope this is a cynical political theory, but that it is not true. If it is, and only the Democratic leadership really knows if it is true. If it is true, it is sad and it is disappointing. If true, it is politics at its worst. I only hope the articles are not true. There is no better authority on this subject than the former distinguished majority leader, Senator George Mitchell, he said it best in an interview with John McLaughlin. Senator Mitchell said: Good policy results in good politics. Not the other way around. You don't get good policy because of good politics but good politics because of good policy.  I hope the Senate Democratic leadership heeds Senator Mitchell's advice here and doesn't get it backwards. I hope the press accounts and rumors around the Hill are not true. But we will have to wait and find out. Regrettably we are not taking up this consensus economic stimulus bill. That says to the workers dislocated because of September 11, at a time when we are in a war environment, that they can not have anything for Christmas. They do not have the 13 more weeks of unemployment compensation; they do not have the additional health insurance.  To reiterate, as most of you know, Senator Daschle has radically modified the economic stimulus proposal that the Democrats first tried to pass in the Senate.  Surprisingly, it looks a lot like our White House-Centrist stimulus package. It has adopted many measures initially promoted by Republicans. Perhaps some good has come from all these weeks of discussion.  I'd like to talk about some of the differences between the White House-Centrist package and the altered Democrat stimulus plan.  I want to explain why I believe our bipartisan package is better for America.  Let's start with the White House-Centrist plan's tremendous commitment to displaced workers.  Our unemployment insurance proposal represents an unprecedented commitment to American workers. We would provide up to 13 weeks of additional unemployment benefits to eligible workers who exhaust their regular benefits between March 15, 2001 and December 31, 2002.  An estimated 3 million unemployed workers would qualify for benefits averaging $230 a week. These benefits would be 100 percent federally funded at a cost of nearly $10 billion.  Our proposal would also transfer an additional $9 billion to state unemployment trust funds.  This transfer would provide the states with the flexibility to pay administrative costs, provide additional benefits, and avoid raising their unemployment taxes during the current recession.  The United States enjoyed a growing economy and declining unemployment for much of the previous decade. But, the economic slowdown that began last year--which was exacerbated by the terrorist acts on September 11--has resulted in substantial layoffs.  The unemployment rate has risen from 4.0 percent in November 2000 to 5.7 percent in November 2001.  By historical standards, the current unemployment rate is still substantially below the level at which Congress deemed it necessary to enact extended unemployment benefits.  Over the past 50 years, the federal government has provided temporary extended unemployment benefits only six other times. The average unemployment rate during those times was 7.3 percent.  Based on this historical record, the President originally suggested that extended unemployment benefits should be limited to those states that have a disaster declaration in effect as a result of September 11, or have a 30 percent increase in their unemployment rate.  However, a number of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle insisted that we provide immediate assistance to every state regardless of their unemployment rate. We have agreed to do exactly that in our proposal.  Unfortunately, some on the other side of the aisle continue to insist this is not enough. They insist we should go further by requiring every state to provide specific benefits and establish specific eligibility criteria as a condition of receiving federal assistance. We could not agree to these demands.  The Federal Government has always left decisions about benefit levels and eligibility criteria to the States.  The changes sought by those on the other side of the aisle would destroy this historic relationship and undermine the flexibility needed by the states to respond to their unique circumstances.  I would now like to discuss our bipartisan plan's commitment to providing health care for dislocated workers.  Now, Democrats have been saying since October that Republicans don't care about helping workers with health insurance. Senator Daschle himself said yesterday that his Republican colleagues, and I quote, ``so far have refused to come to the table and negotiate seriously.''  Mr. President, nothing could be farther from the truth. Since October when President Bush first called on Congress to pass a stimulus package, I have worked closely and seriously with both Democrats and Republicans to come up with a meaningful, bipartisan approach to helping people impacted by the events of September 11.  Compared to where we started on the issue of health care, we have come a very long way. Let me give you a little history first.  When this debate began, our proposal relied on the National Emergency Grant program to deliver health benefits to workers at a cost of about $3 billion. Over time, that number grew, and I said publicly that we could double, or even triple, that number.  I also invited the Democrats to modify the grant criteria to make the program more responsive to the needs of workers without health insurance.  They refused. But that didn't stop us from staying at the negotiating table.  Next, we proposed giving workers a refundable, advanceable tax credit towards the purchase of health insurance equal to 50 percent of the policy's cost.  And when Democrats objected to that, claiming that the credit was too small and that sicker people would have trouble buying policies in the individual market, we came back with yet another offer, which is reflected in this bill.  The new proposal, endorsed by the White House, the House of Representatives, and the centrists in this body, takes a three-pronged approach to getting health insurance assistance to people in need.  It goes farther and wider than any proposal on the table to date, and gets more help, to more people, more quickly than any other proposal to date.  What's more, it represents a giant leap in spending on health care. It includes over six times as much money for temporary health insurance assistance as our original Republican proposals.  And still the Democratic leadership tells us we are not negotiating seriously.  Mr. President, the White House/centrist proposal spends approximately $19 billion on temporary health insurance help in 2002. And it does it the right way, by using existing programs along with new ones designed to get people they help they need quickly.  Now let me take a minute to describe our three-pronged approach.  First, the White House/centrist proposal provides a refundable, advanceable tax credit to all displaced workers eligible for unemployment Insurance, not just those eligible for COBRA. The value of the credit is 60 percent of the premium, up from 50 percent in our original proposal. The credit has no cap, and is available to individuals for a total of 12 months between 2001 and 2003.  Individuals can stay in their employer COBRA coverage, or they can choose policies in the individual market that may better fit their family's needs. This only makes sense. Locking people into COBRA, as the Democratic leadership insists, forces people to stay with policies that may be too expensive for them to keep, even with a subsidy.  Our goal was to give dislocated workers access to all the health insurance choices available to them in the private marketplace, and we've done that in a responsible way.  This bill also includes a major, new insurance reforms to protect people who have had employer-sponsored coverage and go out into the private market for the first time after being laid off.  It makes the COBRA protections available to people who have had only 12 months of employer-sponsored coverage, rather than 18 months, as under current law. By doing this, we greatly expand the group of displaced workers who cannot be turned down for coverage or excluded because of a pre-existing condition.  The new 12 month standard is especially important for people with chronic conditions who have difficulty obtaining affordable coverage. It is a major step, and I'm surprised that the Democratic leadership doesn't want to take us up on these sweeping new reforms.  Let me turn to the mechanics of tax credit proposal. It is easier to implement than the direct subsidy approach of the Democratic leadership.  While their proposal requires employers to shoulder the burdens, our proposal relies on existing state unemployment insurance systems. So under this bill, workers will be able to access the credit, and begin applying it to their health insurance premiums in a timely way. Here's how it works:  Newly dislocated workers will receive vouchers from their state unemployment offices or ``one stop'' centers when they apply for unemployment insurance. Workers can then take those vouchers and submit them, along with their contribution to the premium, to their employer or insurer. Afterwards, insurers would submit the vouchers to the Treasury Department for reimbursement.  This approach works because it relies on existing systems to deliver the new benefits, and as a result delivers those benefits in a fast and reliable way.  I ask my colleagues: why would anyone insist on a mechanism that just won't work as well? I don't understand it.  The second prong of our proposal is $4 billion in enhanced National Emergency Grants for the States, which can be used to help all workers--not just those eligible for the tax credit--pay for health insurance. States have flexibility under our approach, and can use these grants to enroll their workers in high risk pools or other state-run plans, or even in Medicaid.  To address concerns raised by Democratic colleagues, our enhanced National Emergency Grant program requires all States to spend at least 30percent of their grant funds on temporary health insurance assistance. In addition, we've included protection for states: a minimum grant level of $5 million for any state that meets the grant criteria.  Finally, the third prong of the proposal responds to Democratic requests by including $4.3 billion for a one-time temporary State health care assistance payment to the States to help bolster their Medicaid programs.  As we know, the Medicaid program is an important safety net program for low-income children and families and disabled individuals. Medicaid is a joint Federal and State program and accounts for a large part of State budgets.  So, in this time of budget constraints due to the recession, States are struggling to make ends meet.  As a result of the unique and extraordinary economic situation we now face, a number of states are considering scaling back Medicaid services, including my own state of Iowa. This provision provides a one-time, emergency cash injection that will help States avoid Medicaid cutbacks.  This feature was not part of our original plan, and I recognize that many of my colleagues have concerns about it. In fact, I share their reservations, and that is why I'm emphasizing that this is not simply a garden-variety increase in Medicaid funding, but a temporary, emergency payment.  The nation is calling for bipartisan compromise, and in that spirit, we've agreed to add this to our proposal.  Mr. President, we have made tremendous steps toward the Democratic position in order to find bipartisan compromise on health care. Those steps have not been reciprocated by the Democratic leadership.  Displaced workers deserve to be treated with respect by this body, and I believe those workers have earned a vote on this bill.  I would now like to discuss the individual income tax rate reductions in the White House-Centrist plan and the resuscitated Daschle plan.  The original House stimulus bill would have accelerated the reduction of the 27 percent rate to 25 percent which is scheduled to go into effect in 2007. The White House-Centrist package has adopted this approach.  Now, the revamped Democrat plan would reduce the 27 percent rate to 26 percent in 2002, and would not reduce the rate to 25 percent until 2006. Recall that the original Democrat plan did not provide one red cent of rate relief for working Americans.  Now think about this. The 1 percent higher rate under the Democrat plan will operate as a 4 percent rate increase until the 27 percent rate is finally lowered to 25 percent 4 years from now. That makes a huge difference to Americans who are struggling to make ends meet. Let's take a look at who will benefit from our plan's rate reduction.  The reduction of the 27 percent rate will benefit singles with taxable income over $27,000, heads of household with taxable income over $36,250, and married couples with taxable income over $45,000.  These are not wealthy individuals. These are middle class working Americans.  I have a chart which shows the median income of a four person family for every State in the Nation. Median income is the amount of income right in the middle, with half the incomes above it and half below it.  This chart shows that the average median income for a four person family in the United States is $62,098.  Now, reduction of the 27 percent rate will benefit married couples with taxable income over $45,000. So it will benefit working people who earn well below the national median income level.  This chart also lists those states that have a family median income that is higher than the national average. And look at where these people live.  Connecticut, New Jersey, Delaware, Michigan, Rhode Island, California, Washington State. These are the states where a family of four will benefit the most from our proposed tax cut.  The Democrat's revamped alternative would impose an additional 4 percent tax rate on these incomes over the next 4 years. That should concern representatives from those states.  For example, consider that an additional 4 percent tax on New Jersey's $78,000 median income results in more than $1,300 in additional taxes.  Michigan is the same: an additional $900 of tax. Washington State is hit with nearly $800 in additional tax.  These are significant numbers for a working family with two children. They would spend this money to meet their families' needs, which would stimulate the economy more than a bunch of liberal Democrat spending programs.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that this chart be printed at the conclusion of my remarks.  