  Looking at the amendment being introduced, the purpose of it is to make changes in the bill to reflect changes in the rate of taxation, and particularly heavy emphasis upon change in the estate tax provisions, so that savings can be realized to be used for Federal debt reduction and improvement to the Nation's transportation infrastructure.  I know what the Senator's intent is: to save money so it can be used for the Nation's nontransportation infrastructure. But there is nothing in his amendment that directs the money in that direction. So when it is finally said and done as far as public policy is concerned, this amendment is just to change very dramatically the higher rate reduction that we have in the bill and to more or less decimate the estate tax provisions of our bill.  I have to confess I do not know what it is to be born rich and live rich. There seems to be a compulsion on the part of people in this body, for those who are born rich, live rich, and die rich, to want them to contribute more to the Federal Treasury than other people who do not fit into that category. There is an effort to nick those rich people for more money when they die.  I confess not to understand what it is to be born rich and live rich. So I do not come from the perspective that there is all this money out there that people are just willing to contribute to the Federal Treasury when they die. I do not understand the people who get a big joy out of taxing those people. But if they get a big joy out of it, OK. If they want to establish a category of people who are forever filthy rich and go after them, that might be all right.  But most of the people I think about when I talk about doing away with the death tax are people who have lived very moderately throughout their lives and come to a point, probably because they are involved in farms and small businesses and you are just forced to reinvest so much, put all of your earnings back into the business so you can grow and just be competitive. That is particularly true in farming.  If you started farming years ago with 80 acres and you are only farming 80 acres today, you aren't going to be successful unless you have a job in town. So you have to keep investing in machinery, be more productive, buy more land, et cetera. That is the sort of person I think of, one who has lived moderately and maybe dies fairly well off. The point is, when they live that way, they want to leave that business, those resources, to their kids. They do not want to be hit with a death tax after they have paid taxes all their lives.  I gave the example once before. And I am raising the issue of fairness of a death tax versus those who do not pay it. You have two people who can make exactly the same amount of money throughout their lifetimes. Both of them obviously are going to pay income tax when they make it. But this person over here is going to live very moderately and miserly and maybe leave an estate of $5 million. Then when he dies, his estate, because he lived in so miserly a manner, is going to pay a big reward to the Federal Treasury.  You have the other person over here living it up throughout his life, womanizing, drinking it up--you know, all the things that are dealt with in the material world--who does not leave a penny. This person gets taxed once when he makes it and spends it tomorrow. This person gets taxed when he makes it, saves it, and invests it in a business and wants to leave it to his kids, and then he is taxed again when he dies. What is fair about that?  Those are the people I am worried about. I am not worried about the filthy rich who are born rich, live rich, and die rich. So I have been a long-time advocate that no American family should be forced to pay up to 60 percent of their savings, their business, or their family farm in taxes when they die. No taxpayer should be visited by the undertaker and the tax collector at the same time.  We have now before us an opportunity to do something about that, to help those families that are being crushed under the expensive responsibilities of estate tax planning and estate taxes.  Let me suggest probably the money that is wasted in this country on estate tax planning is the biggest waste of the productive resources in this country that you can have. They are even worse than the estate tax, I believe. People who have worked hard, who are faced with the estate tax, who want to leave some money to their kids, just spend wasteful amounts of money on estate planning in order to legally avoid paying estate tax. Wouldn't it be better if those estate planners, those insurance salesmen, those lawyers, were doing something productive, contributing something to the economy as opposed to this nonproductive effort of estate planning?  When we do away with the estate tax, these folks will be able to do something productive.  There are those in the Senate who want you to believe we are spending $145 billion for the benefit of just 45,000 people; that it is just 45,000 people paying estate tax. I want to tell the Senator from Connecticut I do not believe that is true. There may have been 45,000 estate tax returns that had checks attached. But that is no way to measure the impact on the American taxpayer.  In preparation for the RELIEF Act I had the opportunity to review 1999 Internal Revenue statistics regarding estate tax returns. Those statistics, frankly, were outrageous. In the Federal Government's attempt to enforce its version of social responsibility bythis huge tax rate of 55 to 60 percent on the estate tax, taken from the family's net wealth on the death of a loved one, it has cast a net. There is a net cast by that one involuntary action of death into thousands of homes in its attempt to capture a few so-called rich families.  In 1999, there were only 577 people who died in the United States with gross estates greater than $20 million in value. But 104,000 families were affected by the estate tax requirements.  Let's get this straight: 577 people died with estates over $20 million, but 104,000 families were affected by these estate tax requirements. In search of this supposed social justice, to take 55 percent of a family's lifetime efforts to contribute to the Treasury's general fund, we have upset lives in over 100,000 families. Is that truly a ratio with which we are willing to live? Is that fair? I cannot imagine supporting this amendment. Thousands of American taxpayers who deserve immediate estate tax reform are being cast aside by this amendment.  On the backs of the American taxpayers, the Senator from Connecticut has proposed funding nontransportation infrastructure. That is an interesting thought--nontransportation infrastructure. In order to achieve that goal, he is willing to wait until the year 2010 to increase the unified credit to just $2 million.  That is 30 years from the last time it was increased, 1981. That $2 million, 30 years later, would not even be worth what the unified credit was in 1981. That means for the first time, American taxpayers who are good Americans, who saved and invested in savings accounts and stocks and bonds, will be treated equally with all other taxpayers.  It means that for the first time American farm families and the owners of small businesses will not have to jump through hoops, hold their breath, and pray that they planned their estate just right, subject to audit, in order to get the full use of their unified credit.  In addition, Senator Dodd gives no estate tax rate relief. The bipartisan RELIEF Act before us does. We immediately drop the top rate to 50 percent. In the year 2007, we reduce the top rate to 45 percent.  After all is said and done, people are going to be hit with the death tax at a higher rate of taxation than when they were living, which the top rate today is 39.8 percent.  So for the first time in history, an American family can exempt $8 million from the death tax--that is in the bill before us--by the year 2007.  In this bipartisan RELIEF Act, we have chosen to treat all American taxpayers equally, and give a unified credit that everyone can use, unlike the proposed amendment by the Senator from Connecticut. In addition to stealing the American taxpayers' increase in the unified credit, offered in this amendment is a paltry increase in the complex qualified family-owned business deduction. That would be increased by a mere $75,000. And that would not happen until the year 2006.  I think all this flies in the face of the American taxpayer. This is an overwhelmingly complex additional deduction of $75 which, quite frankly, turns out to be meaningless--in fact, so meaningless that I am ashamed I had a hand in writing this about 2 or 3 years ago when it was written. I would have to suggest to the Senator from Connecticut that if he would read again, as I have been forced to read, the Internal Revenue Code on these provisions, he would find that when you get through these complex provisions, if typed in its entirety, it is over 20 pages long, and it is full of requirements, restrictions, cross-references that boggle the minds of accountants and the legal profession and the American taxpayers.  I think we need to be honest with the American public and give them a true death tax break that everyone can use. This amendment will detract from that tremendously. I think our bill does a pretty good job of it, not as good of a job as I would like but within the context of a bipartisan compromise and within the context of the budget restrictions we are operating under, this is the best we can do.  I yield the floor.  