 President, I want to speak about something I have often spoken about in this Chamber. My colleagues have not heard me speak about this for a couple months. I try to follow on a very regular basis what is going on in the Defense Department because I want to make sure our defense dollars are spent wisely.  I come to this Chamber today to explain my opposition to a Department of Defense nomination. This is the nomination of Dr. David Chu to be Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness.  On Friday, May 18, I placed a hold on Dr. Chu's nomination. It happens that Dr. Chu is a very talented person. Those people who know him may wonder why I have some question about him filling this position because he is so highly educated, holding a Ph.D. from Yale University. He has a very impressive resume, and he has an extensive management and analytical background. He is currently vice president at the prestigious Rand Corporation.  In most ways, he is qualified for the position for which he has been nominated. I emphasize, he is qualified in most ways, but in a most important one--the matter of integrity--I am not 100-percent certain.  I have some unresolved questions about Dr. Chu's approach to telling it like it is--one might say his honesty. I am hoping these can be cleared up through negotiations.  My questions about Dr. Chu's integrity go back 20 years, I am sorry to say, to 1982, an incident I had that involved the Director of the Office of Program Analysis and Evaluation. this is commonly called PA, analysis, and evaluation.  PA was a very important office in the Pentagon in those days, and it was staffed with a very impressive cast of characters. It was set up in the 1960s to act as a devil's advocate for the Secretary of Defense.  PA was supposed to help the civilian Secretary of Defense separate the wheat from the chaff. PA was supposed to ferret out questionable programs and help the Secretary eliminate those that were not necessary.  From time to time, PA has to tangle with the brass at the Pentagon, and it took a very special person to do that. I think Secretary Rumsfeld is coming to grips with that very same problem right now.  Over the years, PA developed a ruputation for being very hardnosed, but also being very smart. In the old days, PA put the fear of God in the harts and minds of admirals and generals worried about their pet projects.  Over the years, PA earned a solid reputation and well-deserved respect. That is how it came to be known as the home for the famous Pentagon ``whiz kids.'' One of the modern-day whiz kids is one I came to know quite well--Franklin C. Spinney, Chuck Spinney for short.  Chuck Spinney worked for Dr. Chu in PA's tactical air division, where he still works this very day. Chuck Spinney's immediate boss was Tom Christie. Tom Christie is another distinguished PA alumnus. President Bush has just nominated him to be the next Director of Operational Test and Evaluation.  Tom Christie deserves a lot of credit for protecting Chuck Spinney. He provided a sanctuary where Chuck Spinney could speak freely. He provided an environment where Chuck Spinney could do the kind of work that PA had always done. Unfortunately, this kind of work became increasingly unpopular during the Reagan defense build-up.  That's when I met Chuck Spinney--in the early stage of the Reagan defense build-up. I came to know him as the author of a very controversial report entitled ``