 President, whether I enthusiastically endorse this or not, the Senator from Massachusetts knows that he can lay his amendment aside and move on to another amendment that he wants adopted since we will not be voting on these amendments until tomorrow.  The first thing I want everyone who has questions to know about this legislation is that we want people who have health insurance to maintain their health insurance when they go into bankruptcy because our legislation provides that health expenses, including health insurance, under the IRS guidelines--which are used by the bankruptcy court in deciding the ability to repay debt under our means test--are fully accounted for.  Not only are health insurance premiums subtracted, but all health care costs are subtracted out of a person's ability to pay in making a determination whether they go into chapter 7 where they get a completely fresh start, or whether they go into chapter 13 to make a determination of whether or not they have the ability to repay. If they are in chapter 13, then the extent to which they repay the final judgment is that those people in chapter 13 will not get off scot-free.  But in making that determination, all health costs are taken into consideration.  The reason I take some time to emphasize that point is because we have had several speeches on the floor of the Senate that say and imply we do not want to take into consideration all those health care costs in making that determination. We even had the Time magazine article of last spring in which there were several case studies done by Time magazine with the implication that if this legislation passed, those people would not be able to get into bankruptcy court for fair consideration of whether or not they could repay their bills, and whether or not they get a fresh start.  In a lot of those case studies, there was the implication that they were going into bankruptcy court because of high health costs.  In every one of those instances, as I have said before on the floor of this Senate, those folks used in that magazine article would have been able to get a fresh start under our legislation.  Consequently, we still have this brought up as somehow a problem of our bill because we are not going to take into consideration people who are in bankruptcy being able to maintain their health costs and health insurance.  I asked the question last week for those Senators who think we do not give adequate consideration through the IRS guidelines of whether or not somebody should be in chapter 7 or chapter 13: If we don't, do we give credit for 100 percent of health cost? If 100 percent isn't enough, would 101, 102, or 110 percent be enough?  Now we get to this situation that Senator Kennedy has brought to our attention.  I give the prelude to this by saying our legislation takes into consideration 100 percent of health care costs, including paying health insurance.  If the person does not have health insurance before going into bankruptcy court, obviously the person does not have an expense out there to claim in bankruptcy court.  It seems to me what Senator Kennedy is trying to do here--because we already allow people who have health insurance to maintain that health insurance as one of those legitimate costs--is raise the possibility that a debtor who did not have health insurance before he went into bankruptcy court ought to be able to carve out a portion of the creditor's claims, and would be able to get a fringe benefit, or a benefit they did not have before they went into court.  I think we have a couple of questions to ask. Is there any provision in this amendment that requires the debtor to use this allowance for health insurance? And is there any provision to verify that the money is being used for health insurance if it is allowed?  Since the debtor wasn't using the allowance for health insurance before bankruptcy, it seems to me we need some guarantees on how the money will be spent.  I have those questions. If the Senator wants to respond to those, he can. If he doesn't, there are questions out there that have to be answered.  I yield the floor.  