 President, I am going to address the Rockefeller amendment that is before us, and I think I can speak to what the Senator from Michigan, the Senator from Florida, and the Senator from West Virginia have raised as legitimate concerns.  I will start over here with the Senator from Michigan. There is as much urgency about taxes as there is prescription drugs and Medicare. We probably haven't had as many hearings this year on Medicare and prescription drugs as we have taxes, but over the last 12 months we have had a lot more hearings in the Senate Finance Committee on Medicare and prescription drugs than we have on taxes.  The reason we are having taxes up before prescription drugs is simply that the Tax Code was written in 1916 and there have been a lot of changes to it since then. For the most part, it is a matter of just changing a few words here or there. On the other hand, I have to admit it is complicated by adding a lot of new language. But when you are dealing with the legislation we are dealing with on this tax bill, it is not a complicated item to change the Tax Code to some extent. Maybe a little bit on the estate tax provisions we have here, but otherwise it is a matter of fine-tuning.  When it comes to prescription drugs, we are writing a whole new program. The Democrat staff and Republican staff are working on it right now. They are charged from Senator Baucus and me that we want to bring this up by the latter half of July. My staff tells me that it is quite a job for them to do that. I am convinced they will meet that deadline.  So it is a matter of doing what we can do now and taking the necessary time to do what is new and to do it right. That is our commitment, to doing it right.  There is not a greater urgency in my committee for taxes over prescription drugs. It is just a case of when you can get each done. That is true of a lot of other things we are going to be dealing with as well, trade and Social Security.  In the case of being all things to all people, in Iowa you can't be all things to all people. I don't know about Florida. But if I were speaking about all those things you said, the people of Iowa would know I was not telling the truth. Maybe there is something about me; I can't cover up very well. But I have been telling people in Iowa that we are going to have prescription drugs legislation when we hope to get it out of the committee. I have even suggested there are some people in my party who maybe would rather not do anything, put it over to next year, get an election year, get it all caught up--we want to do that on the floor of this Senate this October or November and get it out of the way so it doesn't come into the election cycle.  The other thing is resources are part of what the Senator from Florida is talking about and the Senator from West Virginia is talking about. Remember, we are not very far apart on the resources, at least in the budget resolution. My colleague supported and offered--I don't know whether he offered it, but you at least spoke for a $311 billion pot of money that is put aside for Medicare. My amendment was $300 billion. My amendment carried; yours did not carry. It wasn't because the $11 billion one carried or the other did not carry, it was where the source of money was. Mine was from the contingency; yours was from some reduction of the taxes. But you cannot say the resources are not set aside.  Is that enough? I don't know. But it is what we have set aside--$11 billion separate from what you thought was enough from what I thought was enough. Frankly, we don't know. It depends on how good you want to do it. If you want to do it the way most of the bills are introduced to make sure there is no less than a 50-percent subsidy, it is very expensive. But if you start it with the idea you are going to have universal access and in the universal access have some ability to pay, there is no reason why you have to have free pharmaceuticals. You ought to have it based on the ability to pay. We will start it with the amount of money we can and start at the bottom of the economic ladder and move up and cover as many people as we can and do it in a way that brings the forces of the marketplace in, some bulk purchasing.  There are probably a lot of things I can tell you that ought to be brought into the program to make it so we can provide more prescription drugs at a lower level of cost, both to the taxpayers and to the consumer as well. But we are involved in this. So I think we do not need, either from the standpoint of legislative priorities, from the standpoint of the resources that are set aside, or a commitment on the part of both political parties--maybe not everybody in both political parties--but the commitment of people in political parties to get this job done.  I want to make sure everybody understands you do not have to adopt Senator Rockefeller's amendment to make sure prescription drugs are goingto get the attention that the last election brought to it. The economics of it are enough, but let's say the ultimate is when both political parties are campaigning on something, it is an issue in the campaign, that that is a commitment to getting something done.  So I ask rejection of the Rockefeller amendment based upon what is a commitment on the part of many people in this Congress to move ahead on this issue.  I yield the floor.  