 President, it is with great pleasure that I announce the introduction of the Family Opportunity Act of 2001. I pledge my commitment to working with Senator Kennedy and others in a bi-partisan, bi-cameral way for the passage of the Family Opportunity Act this year.  We have a common-sense bill. Our bill is pro-family because it keeps families together. It's pro-work because it lets parents work without losing their children's health care. It's pro-taxpayer because it lets people earn money and help pay their own way for Medicaid coverage.  Why is this legislation so necessary? As a parent, your main objective in life is to provide for your child to the best of your ability. Our federal government takes this goal and turns it upside down for the parents of children with special health care needs. The government forces these parents to choose between family income and their children's health care. That's a terrible choice.  Families have to remain in poverty just to keep Medicaid. Obviously this affects entire families, not just the child with the health care needs. The story of an Iowan family illustrates this point. Daniel, the 18-year-old son of Melissa Arnold, can't work part-time for fear of jeopardizing his brother's Medicaid coverage.  I know of another family whose son was paralyzed after a diving accident. The family exhausted $1 million of private insurance. Then they had to pay $1,500 a day on their own just to keep their son alive. Yet another family has a 4-year-old son who functions at an infant's level. This little boy takes anti- seizure medication that costs about $150 every two weeks. His nutritional supplement is $10 a day. He'll always wear diapers. All of those costs come out of his parents' pocket.  Most families just can't afford those costs.  Why is Medicaid so desirable? It's critical to the well-being of children with multiple medical needs. Medicaid covers services that are difficult to find in private health plans. A child with a severe disability may need special medical equipment or physical therapy on a regular basis just in order to be able to eat.  Our bill creates a state option to allow working parents who have a child with a disability to keep working and to still have access to Medicaid for their child. Parents would pay for Medicaid coverage on a sliding scale. No one would have to become impoverished or stay impoverished to secure Medicaid for a child.  The legislation recognizes a universal truth. Everybody wants to use their talents to the fullest potential, and every parent wants to provide as much as possible for his or her children. The government shouldn't get in the way. I look forward to working with my colleagues for passage of the Family Opportunity Act this year.  