 President, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I won't speak long because I know the Senator from Connecticut is waiting to offer his amendment.  I rise mainly not to comment on the amendment of the Senator from Vermont but to take some time to speak about his contributions to the legislation that is before us. We heard earlier this morning a statistic that Senator Baucus gave about 75 percent of the benefits of this legislation go to families making under $75,000 a year. The Senator from Vermont, through several provisions on which he has worked with me on this bill, deserves a great deal of credit for this legislation being well balanced.  I listened to what the Senator from Vermont said about the amendment he now lays before the Senate. I appreciate his speaking on that subject. He should be very proud of his work on the Senate Finance Committee, as he has every right to be proud of the work that has come from his own Senate committee that deals with the issue of education and many other items. It is fair to say that no Senator has had a greater influence on the relief act that is before us than Senator Jeffords. His fingerprints are on the expansion of the earned-income credit for married families, the child credit being extended for working families who do not pay income tax, and the inclusion of the pension bill, and many of the education provisions in the bill.  A married family with two children making $15,000 will receive an additional benefit of over $1,000 next year under the bill before us. That is thanks in no small part to the efforts of Senator Jeffords. I realize the bill before us, as is obvious from the introduction of the amendment, does not do all the Senator from Vermont hopes for in the way of dependent care. I think it is a strong step toward his goals. The changes I have mentioned already to the relief act are estimated to cost tens of billions of dollars. The Senator's amendment falls in the area of an additional $25 to $30 billion, a figure over 10 years. That would be in addition.  It is unfortunate that we can't, for a lot of good amendments that are being offered, including the amendment by the Senator from Vermont, do all the things given the tight constraints with which we are faced. But the Senator is always blazing a trail for the work of the Congress, and most of his attention rightfully is given to the needs of families with children and preparing people to do well in school.  I don't know what we can do on this particular amendment. But I have heard what the Senator from Vermont said. I pledge myself to work with him.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Dayton). The Senator from Vermont.  