 My thoughts and prayers today go out to all of the victims, their families, and the entire community. Today I would also like to take a moment to thank the brave first responders there who selflessly and honorably risked their own lives in order to protect the lives of others.  Following the tragic events of yesterday, President Obama unsurprisingly called to limit the Second Amendment rights of the American people through stricter gun control. I believe this is yet another example of the President using tragic events to push his political agenda.  Infringing on the rights of law-abiding citizens to keep and bear arms is not the answer to curbing violent crime in America. Restrictive gun control measures only prevent law-abiding citizens from protecting themselves because criminal criminals, by definition, refuse to follow the law.  In addition to President Obama's misguided calls for gun control, he recently issued an Executive order to remove unarmed military surplus vehicles that were obtained through the section 1033 program from local law enforcement. These vehicles have been valuable to local law enforcement officials in my home State of Alabama, specifically in Calhoun County. They were also used by the local law enforcement people seeking to protect those in harm's way yesterday in California.  I have called on the President to reverse the dangerous decision he made in which he abuses the authority of his office, I believe, by making unilateral decisions through executive fiat. During this time of increased uncertainty at home and abroad, I believe the American people are looking to us for certainty that we will do everything in our power to keep them safe.  Unfortunately, I believe President Obama has once again chosen to attack and weaken law enforcement and law-abiding citizens instead of focusing on fighting against criminals and radical Islamic terrorists.  Let me be clear here today. The President's calls to increase gun control and remove equipment from law enforcement used to keep us safe only undermines the safety and security of the American people. We simply cannot and must not continue to let this administration infringe upon our constitutional rights and put law-abiding Americans in harm's way. I hope we will continue to fight for our constitutional rights here.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  