 President, the terrorist attacks that rocked the city of Paris and the entire world on Friday, I believe we all agree, were horrific and unthinkable. The people of France stood by our side after the horrendous events of September 11, 2001, and the American people will stand by them during this tragic time. Cowardly and barbaric acts of violence against innocent civilians absolutely should not be tolerated anywhere in our society, and we must take any and all steps available to prevent a similar attack from occurring right here in the United States.  Early reports from the terrorist attacks in Paris on Friday indicate that the refugee programs in Europe allowed at least one of the attackers to enter France. In light of these reports, the United States should take notice. We are now faced with an opportunity to make a commonsense, responsible decision that would put Americans at ease and put an end to the risk of radical Islamic terrorists infiltrating our Nation through the refugee resettlement program. I believe we simply cannot trust this administration to put in place the rigorous vetting system needed to ensure that the refugees who enter our Nation will not be future threats to our people in our own homeland. It is, without a doubt, in the best interest of the American people and our national security to immediately halt any plans to allow Syrian refugees to resettle in the United States.  We know we live in an increasingly dangerous world, and I believe the Obama administration's lack of leadership on foreign policy has exacerbated the problem. We cannot continue to let President Obama's ill-conceived policies put Americans at risk. This administration is either asleep or out of touch with the danger lurking in the world.  I ask the American people today: What is it going to take to wake up this administration? Will it take another horrific attack on our own soil and our own people?  I believe it is more than time to put an end to relocating Syrian refugees in our country, and that is why I will work tirelessly with my colleagues in the Senate to reverse President Obama's extremely dangerous position that threatens the American people and our homeland.  I yield the floor.  