 President, as chairman of the subcommittee, I thank the ranking member, the distinguished Senator from Texas, for her help on this bill. She has been a wonderful colleague with whom to work, and I am very grateful for that.  Mr. President, essentially, this bill, as Senator Hutchison said, provides $10.6 billion in new budget authority. That is a tenth of 1 percent over last year's appropriation. It is 10 percent over the President's appropriation. The reason for this is that the President cut the Guard and the Reserve 52 percent from last year's budget request. We do not believe they can sustain their infrastructure requirements with that kind of a funding shortfall.  As Senator Hutchison mentioned, every project is in the 5-year defense plan. Every project has been authorized. Every project is the base commander's priority. With respect to the transformation initiative, we didn't decide the locations, the services decided the locations. Both the Army and the Air Force have identified the locations for their transformation initiatives. The Army involved 13 active and Guard installations in six States, plus Germany. The Air Force's transformation involves 53 active, Guard, and Reserve bases in 32 States, plus Germany, Japan, and Puerto Rico.  The Appropriations Committee is not--and I stress that--attempting to divert funding from any of these planned locations or to influence where the money will go. These decisions have been and will be made by the services. The purpose of the transformation initiative is to accelerate the process. Infrastructure is a long lead time item, and we need to start investing more in this transformation infrastructure now to meet the service requirements.  Essentially, 53 percent of this bill is for military construction for the active and Reserve components. It is $610 million for the Guard and Reserve, $1.1 billion for barracks, $26 million for child development, $137 million for medical facility, and $159 million for chemical demilitarization. The remaining 40 percent--$4.23 billion--is for family housing, including new housing, housing improvements, and operation and maintenance of units.  At the BRAC cleanup, as Senator Hutchison stated, I can tell you that we have one closing base--McClellan Air Force Base--in northern California, where plutonium has badly contaminated the ground. Senator Hutchison, in her State, has toxic materials that are seeping into residential areas from Kelly Air Force Base. There is no question in either of our minds that the BRAC rounds we have completed were not sufficiently funded with environmental remediation dollars. The proof is in the pudding, and that pudding is that many bases still cannot be transitioned into productive civilian use because of the absence of the ability to clean them up.  Mr. President, the MilCon bill is important to the men and women in uniform who serve our Nation at home and overseas. We believe it is a good bill, it is a bipartisan bill, and I strongly urge my colleagues to approve it.  How much time do I have left?  