 At 70 years old, Ted Kennedy is one of this country's most effective lawmakers, having served 40 years in the Senate.  It is difficult for me to think of many major public policy initiatives that Ted Kennedy has not had a hand in shaping. What is most remarkable is that in many cases he has been here for both the inception and the reauthorization of some of the most important legislation of our time.  When he was elected in 1962, women and minorities did not have equal rights under the law. It is fitting that Ted Kennedy's first floor speech was given on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 because he helped to make school integration, pay equity for women, and fair housing laws a reality. While serving with him on the Judiciary Committee, I have seen first hand his ability to tap into the needs of disadvantaged communities and pass meaningful civil rights legislation.  When Senator Kennedy was elected to this body, Americans did not have equal access to high quality healthcare. With his support, the Medicare and Medicaid program were established to enhance the welfare of millions of elderly and disadvantaged Americans. And in his capacity as chairman of the Senate Health Subcommittee and later Full Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, he has fought to pass laws allowing workers greater flexibility in keeping and choosing their healthcare coverage and making healthcare insurance more widely available to children. More recently, he fought tirelessly to enact a Patient's Bill of Rights to make HMOs more accountable to patients and less able to interfere with medical decision making. As the result of his efforts, we can now offer health care protections to all 190 million Americans in private health plans. This was no small feat.  Before Ted Kennedy, reforming our country's education systems was an issue on the forefront of our minds, but the last item on the Federal Government's agenda. Not only was he among those to support the original passage of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act in 1965, but Ted Kennedy spearheaded the fight to pass the reauthorization of this sweeping federal school bill. Senator Kennedy's efforts have been particularly important to the 5.6 million economically disadvantaged students in my State.  In the Senate, Ted Kennedy has been a champion for a society that is just, fair, and humane. He has fought tirelessly for working families and underserved communities. With passion and pragmatism, he has served this nation and his beloved Massachusetts--breaking down gender, racial, class, and religious barriers.  On your 70th birthday, I salute you, Senator Kennedy, for your distinguished years of service and wish you continued success in the future.  