 President, over the last few months the American people have awakened to the tragic reality that our children face the very real threat of predatory criminals each and every day.  The airwaves have been filled with story after story of children who have been abducted, sometimes to be found alive later thanks to an AMBER alert or good law enforcement work; sometimes to be found, tragically, dead; and sometimes never to be found at all.  This is not a new problem, but the increased attention to the problem gives us a real opportunity to make some much-needed changes in the law to prevent some of these horrible crimes and to better protect the children of this Nation.  The bill Senator Hatch and I introduce today will help ensure that law enforcement officers have the tools and resources they need to find, prosecute, and severely punish those who commit crimes against innocent children.  Specifically, the Hatch-Feinstein Child Crime Bill would do the following:  First, the legislation directs the FBI to establish a National Crimes Against Children Response Center. This Center would have as its primary mission the development of a comprehensive, rapid response plan to reported crimes involving the victimization of children. Working undoubtedly in conjunction with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, the AMBER Alert systems nationwide, and other agencies and private entities as well, this Center would be the focal point for seeing that the victimization of children does not go unsolved, or unpunished.  Second, the legislation will create a new Crimes Against Children Section at the Department of Justice, tasked with prosecuting crimes against children; providing guidance and assistance to Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies and personnel who handle such cases; coordinating efforts with international law enforcement agencies to combat crimes against children; and acting as a liaison with the legislative and judicial branches of government.  The bill also directs this new office in DOJ to create a national Internet site that will consolidate sex offender information which States currently release under the federal reporting act.  The bill also directs States that have not developed Internet sites to do so. Currently, all 50 States have registration statutes that require sex offenders to register and to share information with the United States Attorney General through the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and over 30 States make offender information available to the public on the Internet. But not all States include all available information, and there is no single place to easily acquire this information about local sex offenders. The national database will be such a place.  The legislation also prevents the use of the so-called ``Marital Privilege'' to allow one spouse to protect another in cases where a parent, guardian or supervising adult has abused a child in the home. If an adult is abusing a child in his or her own home, it is vital to put a stop to the situation. Allowing a spouse to refuse to testify about the abuse by asserting an outdated ``marital privilege'' puts the child at continuing risk. This makes no sense.  In order to assist law enforcement track and punish child predators and other violent criminals, this legislation also expands the class of offenses that are included in the Combined DNA Index System, CODIS, by adding to the system all Federal felonies and additional offenses that subject Federal offenders to sex registration requirements. Currently, only select Federal offenses are entered in CODIS.  The bill makes two modifications to Rule 414 of the Federal Rules of Evidence, which already allows evidence of a defendant's prior acts of child molestation to be admitted in a criminal child molestation case.  Unfortunately, the definition of prior acts of child abuse includes only children under 14, so acts against 15 or 16-year olds, for instance, are inadmissable. This legislation extends the definition of ``child'' contained in Rule 414 to include any person below the age of 18--rather than age 14.  And the amendment also makes clear that where a defendant previously possessed what may have been virtual, as opposed to actual, child pornography, such evidence is admissible under Rule 414.  We have also included language to expand the Federal Wiretap Act by adding as predicate offenses to the statute, sex trafficking, sex exploitation, and other interstate sex offenses. Currently, the wiretap statute authorizes the interception of wire, oral, or electronic communications in the investigation of just two sexual exploitation of children crimes.  To obtain a wiretap, law enforcement authorities will still need to meet the strict statutory guidelines of the wiretap statute and obtain authorization from a court.  The legislation would also extend the maximum supervised release period that applies to sexual offenders, by granting Federal judges the discretion to impose up to lifetime periods of supervised release for individuals who are convicted of sexual abuse, sexual exploitation, transportation for illegal sexual activity, or sex trafficking offenses.  Under current law, a judge can impose no more than 5 years of supervised release for a serious felony, and no more than 3 years for a lesser categorized offense. This amendment will not require judges to impose a period of supervised release longer than 5 years; it simply authorizes them to do so where the judge sees fit based on the nature and circumstances of the particular case. Some sexual offenders may pose a potential risk to their communities for longer than 5 years, and discretion to supervise those offenders past an artificial time limit is simply common sense.  The legislation also increases the maximum penalties that apply to certain sexual offenses, by doubling the maximum penalties for sex offenses involving the trafficking of children and other interstate elements. This will allow the Sentencing Commission, and federal judges, greater latitude in determining sentences for the worst of offenders. No changes are made to mandatory minimums.  Finally, we direct the Sentencing Commission to review the guidelines that apply to child abuse and exploitation offenses to determine whether they are sufficiently severe.  Earlier this month Senator Hutchinson and I introduced legislation to help establish a national AMBER alert system. These systems have been proven effective in finding abducted children quickly, and most certainly saving some lives. That bill, which will pass tonight is one step in protecting our children from dangerous predators.  The bill I introduce today with my good friend Senator Hatch is simply another piece of the anti-predator puzzle. I hope my colleagues will join us in this effort.  