 President, I rise today to speak on the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002.  I applaud Senator Hollings, Chairman of the Commerce Committee, Senator McCain, the Ranking Member, and other members of the Port Security Conference Committee for their efforts, but I believe this legislation can best be summed up as ``too little, too late.''  The Senate passed Port Security Legislation last December, yet only now, almost a year later, is the Congress sending this bill to the President. Moreover, once this legislation passes, it will be years before the Department of Transportation and the Department of Homeland Security implement effective security measures at our 361 seaports.  I would have preferred seeing the Conferees embrace other ideas to improve port security such as the legislation I introduced with Senators Kyl, Snowe, and Hutchison. Instead, the Conferees rejected many proposals on port security and slimmed down the Senate Bill so that it is now one part security and three parts Coast Guard authorization language that has nothing to do with security.  I believe Congress ``missed the boat'' with this legislation and squandered an opportunity to take aggressive action to erect a formidable barrier at our seaports.  We know ports present optimal targets to terrorists. And we know al-Qaida operatives are coming after us. As CIA director George Tenet said recently before the Intelligence Committee, of which I am a member: ``al-Qaida is in an execution phase and intends to strike us both here and overseas; that's unambiguous as far as I am concerned.''  And this week we learned of a new tape that seems to be by Osama bin Laden, which made clear al-Qaida intends to go after us again soon.  The October 2002 report by Gary Hart and Warren Rudman demonstrates that our ports remain especially vulnerable even more than a year after September 11. The report points out, ``Only the tiniest percentage of containers, ships, trucks, and trains that enter the United States each day are subject toexamination, and a weapon of mass destruction could well be hidden among this cargo.''  The Hart-Rudman report recommends revising transportation security because ``the vulnerabilities are greater and the stakes are higher in the sea and land modes than in commercial aviation. Systems such as those used in the aviation sector, which start from the assumption that every passenger and every bag of luggage poses an equal risk, must give way to more intelligence-driven and layered security approaches that emphasize prescreening and monitoring based on risk-criteria.''  Since we cannot inspect every ship and every container, I introduced the ``Comprehensive Seaport and Container Security Act'' earlier this year to establish a system for container profiling. The Feinstein-Kyl-Snowe-Hutchison Port Security Bill would also push U.S. security scrutiny beyond our Nation's borders to intercept cargo before it arrives near America's shores.  This complements the strategy Customs Commissioner Robert C. Bonner is in the process of implementing. To prevent a weapon of mass destruction from getting to the U.S. in the first place, Customs has entered into formal agreements with a handful of foreign governments to station U.S. inspectors at ports overseas to profile high risk cargo and target suspicious shipments for inspection.  The Customs Service is working to put groups of U.S. experts at the top 20 ports as soon as possible and they are moving at an impressive pace.  Hitting the 20 port threshold is essential because together, these ports account for approximately 70 percent of the 5.7 million containers shipped by sea to the U.S. annually.  We have known for a long time that America's ports needed an extensive security strategy and upgrade. In the fall of 2000, a comprehensive report was issued by the ``Interagency Commission on Crime and Security in U.S. Seaports.'' I testified before the Commission and I believe the group's report serves as a very thorough primer on seaport security issues.  While often out of the public eye, ports across the United States are our nation's economic gateways. Every year U.S. ports handle over 800 million tons of cargo valued at approximately $600 billion. Excluding trade with Mexico and Canada, America's ports handle 95 percent of U.S. trade. Two of the busiest ports in the nation are in California, at Los Angeles / Long Beach and at Oakland.  S. 1214, the Senate-passed bill written by Chairman Hollings and members of the Commerce Committee, was drafted before the September 11 terrorist attacks to incorporate the recommendations made by the Interagency Commission into law. While changes were made to this legislation before the Senate passed it in December of 2001 to focus more on antiterrorism, I believe the Conferees could have taken more aggressive action to improve the bill.  I would like to cite a few examples to show how this Conference Report is weaker than the Comprehensive Seaport and Container Security Act I have introduced.  The Feinstein-Kyl-Snowe-Hutchison port security bill establishes a comprehensive risk profiling plan for the Customs Service to focus their limited inspection capabilities on high-risk cargo containers.  However, the only mention of such a plan in the Maritime Security Act conference report is this paragraph of report language: ``A vessel screening system which provides shipping intelligence and analysis can be utilized to identify those vessels requiring close inspection by the Coast Guard and other agencies. We urge the Coast Guard and port authorities to include vessel risk profiling in their enhanced security procedures.''  The Feinstein-Kyl-Snowe-Hutchison port security bill strengthens U.S. security scrutiny beyond our Nation's borders to monitor and inspect cargo and containers before they arrive on America's shores.  However, the conferees of this Maritime Transportation Security Act only required foreign ports to be evaluated and authorized a program for U.S. officials to train foreign security officers abroad.  The Feinstein-Kyl-Snowe-Hutchison port security bill imposes steep monetary sanctions and criminal penalties for incorrect cargo manifest information or failure to comply with filing requirements.  However, the conferees of this Maritime Transportation Security Act only authorized civil penalties of up to $25,000 for a violation.  The Feinstein-Kyl-Snowe-Hutchison port security bill requires the Transportation Security Administration to set standards to ensure each port has a secure perimeter, secure parking facilities, controlled points of access into the port, sufficient lighting, buildings with secure doors and windows and an alarm.  However, the conferees of this Maritime Transportation Security Act only required vulnerability assessments and a National Maritime Transportation Security Plan.  The Feinstein-Kyl-Snowe-Hutchison port security bill requires the use of high security seals and electronic tags on all containers coming into the U.S. and requires empty containers destined for U.S. ports to be sealed.  However, the conferees of this Maritime Transportation Security Act only mandated the development of performance standards for seals and locks on cargo containers.  I have pointed out several areas where I believe the Conferees could have taken more aggressive steps, but I do want to endorse many of the security measures in this conference report such as the requirement for all workers in a secure area of the port to have a transportation security card and I support the $15 million annual authorization for 5 years to fund research and development efforts.  I thank Senator Hollings, Senator McCain, and other members of the Commerce Committee for the work they have done on this important issue.  I look forward to continue to work with the chairman and ranking member of the Commerce Committee to address the threats to our ports. I believe additional legislation will be essential to follow up on this security bill. We must be better prepared for a terrorist attack than we were last year.  