 President. I rise in strong support of passage of the conference report for H.R. 3448, the Public Health and Bioterrorism Response Act.  This legislation will make our Nation better prepared for bioterrorist threats and other public health emergencies.  That is why I am pleased that this bill includes funding to bolster the National Pharmaceutical Stockpile, including enough smallpox vaccine to protect every American.  We must ensure that there are sufficient vaccines, drugs, and medical supplies available to protect Americans against any potential biological attack. I believe this bill moves us one step closer to protecting every American from this threat.  It is also crucial that we assist our States and local hospitals and health departments in beefing up their systems, including training personnel and first-responders on how to respond to a bioterrorism attacks.  This legislation includes $1.6 billion for fiscal year 2003 to address these needs.  I am particularly pleased that the conference report includes a provision which I sponsored along with Senator Judd Gregg, R-NH, establishing strict new controls for laboratories that handle anthrax, smallpox, and more than 30 other deadly pathogens.  These provisions are the product of extensive negotiations with a number of other Senators including, Senator Frist, Kennedy, Harkin, and Durbin, as well as House Conferees, and the administration.  The threat of biological attacks became front page news last fall, when deadly anthrax attacks killed five people, infected 23 people, 11 with inhalation anthrax and 12 with cutaneous anthrax, and shut down a Senate office building for 3 months.  The FBI has poured extraordinary resources into apprehending the perpetrator. Over the past 5 months, FBI agents have interviewed more than 5,000 people and offered a $2.5 million reward. Unfortunately, it has been unable to locate a single witness, fingerprint or a match to the handwriting found on the envelopes.  We still do not know when or if the perpetrator will be found.  It became clear during the investigation of the anthrax attacks that the regulations governing these dangerous substances were too lax.  Our government did not keep track of who possesses these materials.  No special registration was required to possess these agents.  Nor were background checks conducted on the laboratory personnel who handled or had access to these agents.  Under these security conditions, a rogue employee or outside terrorist group could easily gain access to some of the most dangerous pathogens on Earth.  To close these loopholes, I introduced the Deadly Biological Agent Control Act last fall with Senator Jon Kyl, R-AZ, and a similar provision was approved as part of the fiscal year 2002 Department of Defense Appropriations bill.  I am pleased that key portions of this legislation were included in the final comprehensive bioterrorism package.  The conference report has the following key provisions: All labs that possess these dangerous agents would have to get registered with the Department of Health and Human Services or the Department of Agriculture, for animal pathogens.  The registration process would include rigorous background screening by the Department of Justice of any laboratory employees intending to handle the agents.  Anyone who possesses these agents without obtaining a registration will be subject to 5 years in Federal prison.  The legislation also creates, for the first time, a national database of dangerous pathogens, so that the characterization, location and use of these agents can be tracked.  Tighter controls of these agents are critical because they can be converted into weapons of mass destruction.  In addition, to make sure that this list of dangerous agents is kept up-to-date, it must be reviewed a minimum of every two years.  We need these strong measures because in the wrong hands, these biological agents can be converted into weapons of mass destruction.  According to the calculation of some experts, biological weapons are pound for pound potentially more lethal even than thermonuclear weapons.  For example, the World Health Organization estimates that 50 kilograms of the virus that causes the plague, aerosolized over an urban city of 500,000, would incapacitate one fifth of the population and kill 55,000.  A 1993 report by the U.S. Congressional Office of Technology Assessment estimated that between 130,000 and 3 million deaths could follow the aerosolized release of 100 kilograms of anthrax spores upwind of the Washington D.C. area, lethally matching or exceeding that of a hydrogen bomb.  In sum, I believe it is critical that these laboratory security provisions were incorporated into this bioterrorism bill.  Any comprehensive bioterrorism preparedness package would be incomplete without addressing laboratory security here in the United States.  These controls are reasonable and necessary, given the extraordinary threat posed by biological and chemical weapons.  