  The best way to think about this amendment is to understand its three components. The amendment would:  (1) Establish a payment limitation ensuring that government support will provide only a true safety net for the needy farmer;  (2) Require individuals receiving farm support payments to be farmers; and  (3) Exclude millionaires from receiving any farm payment.  First, this amendment will reduce already existing payment limitations. A limit on the total annual payments a person can receive was first enacted in the 1970 farm bill and has remained in place since. Under current law, payments are limited to $460,000 per farm. The Senate Farm Bill would slightly increase this payment limitation to $500,000.  Farm groups object to any further reduction in the payment limitation--as the Dorgan-Grassley amendment proposes--because of the high input costs that large farms with high value crops have. For individual farmers, the Dorgan-Grassley amendment would limit payments to $225,000. For married couples, the limit would be $275,000. I believe this is a reasonable amount.  Right now, about 10 percent of the farms get 60 percent of the government payments. Last year, the Federal government paid California farmers $780 million in subsidies, with primarily large cotton and rice-producing farms receiving 51 percent of the money. But only 9 percent of California's farmers get crop payments.  Second, the Dorgan-Grassley amendment requires the person receiving the payment to be a farmer. A tenant must supply at least 50 percent of the labor or 1,000 hours, whichever is less, for a farm in order to collect a payment.  This means family members receiving payments have to be actively farming, not living in New York City and listed as a ``farmer'' for the sole purpose of doubling the current payment limitation.  These farm payments are real dollars paid for by taxpayers. And there havebeen a flood of newspaper articles recently to shed light on exactly who is receiving them.  Third, under this amendment, an owner or producer will not be eligible for a payment or loan if the owner's income for the previous 3 taxable years exceeds $2.5 million. Nothing in current law prevents millionaires from receiving federal payments. Farm groups object to this because they object to any ``net income'' test.  This amendment would save $1,295 billion over 10 years, which will alternatively fund the following:  $810 million for various nutrition programs, including: $250 million to raise the standard deduction for food stamp eligibility to households with children. $515 million to increase the shelter expense deduction. And $34 million to help with participant expenses in education and training programs.  $330 million for the Initiative for Future Food and Agriculture Systems, which the University of California benefits from. This initiative provides competitive grants for biotechnology, genomics, food safety, natural resources, and farm profitability.  $101 million for research and development for a specialty crop insurance initiative. $5 million for Beginning Farmer & Rancher Ownership Loan Account Funds. And $46 million for Non-program farm Loan Deficiency Payment eligibility and to Restore Beneficial Interest with regards to LDPs for the 2001 crop.  I will vote for payment limits to restrict millionaires from receiving federal farm payments when they obviously do not need them. I believe we should ensure farm payments provide a safety net for the truly needy.  