 President, I rise in support of S. 2673, the Public Company Accounting Reform and Investor Protection Act of 2002.  Nearly every day, it seems, the front pages of our newspapers are awash in stories about the latest corporate accounting scandal. Just 3 weeks ago we learned that WorldCom hid $3.8 billion in expenses in the last five quarters alone.  And WorldCom is merely the latest member of an increasingly large group of public corporations that have knowingly deceived shareholders, directors,and, in some cases, their own auditors. WorldCom, Enron, Tyco, Global Crossing, Xerox--the list goes on and on.  Much attention has been focused on the huge sums that CEOs and other senior executives have extracted from these companies in the form of incentive pay, but even those large sums pale in comparison to the total shareholder value that has been destroyed as a result of these disclosures. At its peak, WorldCom's market capitalization exceeded $190 billion, making it, for a time, the most valuable telecommunications services company in the world. Now, WorldCom shares are effectively worthless.  Despite a slowdown in the telecom industry, some of the value of those shares might have been preserved had its executives relied on sound management, instead of deceptive accounting, to make their numbers.  Who will suffer most from the immense value decline associated with WorldCom and other companies that have deceived their investors? Not the senior executives, most of whom have stashed away enough of their pay to let them spend the rest of their days in comfort. The people who will really suffer are the thousands of employees whose retirement savings were proudly invested in company stock; or the millions of public employees whose pension funds held shares in these companies. Those are the people who will bear the brunt of this value decline.  CalPERS, the pension fund set up to invest the retirement savings of 1.3 million public employees in my home State, has estimated that it suffered a $580 million loss on WorldCom stocks and bonds. That means that the average California public employee lost over $440, not including any investments in WorldCom they may have held independently.  To give you some perspective on that amount, the amount of money lost by California public employees due to the WorldCom fraud alone is likely to exceed the entire sum of the tax rebate checks they received as part of the President's tax cut last year.  In fact, every American who invests in our stock markets will suffer as a result of these scandals, because every scandal further tarnishes the reputation of American corporate honesty for investors around the world. In recent months, those investors have pulled billions of dollars in investments out of our country, further reducing the value of stocks and weakening the dollar.  The only way that we can turn this culture around is by fostering a corporate environment that rewards honest management by senior executives and severely punishes fraudulent activities. That is exactly what would be achieved by the bill proposed by Senator Sarbanes.  The Sarbanes bill tackles many of the major problem areas associated with recent corporate scandals. Most importantly, the bill would make it much more difficult for public companies to bypass or trample over auditors in attempt to produce inaccurate or deceptive financial statements.  For the first time, the Sarbanes bill creates a truly independent accounting oversight board, staffed with objective, unbiased overseers, who can enforce rules and prosecute violators without having to vet their decisions elsewhere. Unlike the Public Oversight Board, which depended on fees from the very auditors it was meant to regulate, this new board will be funded by mandatory fees paid by all public companies. These are fees that cannot be withheld at the whim of those who have the greatest interest in undermining the work of the board.  The Sarbanes bill does not stop at the creation of this new board, however. Rather, the bill strengthens areas of the law that have proven inadequate to prevent the fraudulent corporate behavior that has become so prevalent today.  The Sarbanes bill prevents auditors from controling the entire financial reporting system at an individual company by both designing the internal audit system, and then purporting to offer an unbiased external audit. The bill will also stiffen the resolve and oversight of board of director audit committees by requiring, among other provisions, that all committee members be independent and that they be given free reign to question auditors without executive officers present.  But rather than rely solely on increased oversight, the bill moves to reduce conflicts of interest at their source, by requiring the CEO and CFO of a company that has had to restate its financial accounts to disgorge any bonuses or other incentive pay they received in the year prior to the misstatement.  Moreover, under an amendment sponsored by Senator Schumer and myself, company loans to executive officers are now prohibited, sharply limiting the types of ``hidden'' compensation that can be offered to executives without being fully disclosed to shareholders. Our amendment passed by a voice vote and will go a long way toward preventing the types of loan-related abuses prevalent at WorldCom, Global Crossing, and other companies now under investigation by the SEC for loan-related abuses.  When Senator Sarbanes drafted this bill, he focused on the single reform that matters most: increased transparency. Unfortunately, we may witness more corporate failures like those of Enron or WorldCom. These are failures that are brought on by over-investment, the accumulation of excessive debt, or an ill-conceived belief in markets or services that never live up to expectations.  What we cannot abide by, and what the Sarbanes bill goes a long way toward preventing, is the ability of senior executives to hide those bad decisions in misleading financial statements. By ensuring true auditor oversight, creating meaningful penalties for senior executives who defraud investors, and putting in place new disclosure requirements, this bill will dramatically increase the quality and timeliness of the information available to individual investors.  The United States is blessed with the best-regulated markets in the world, and for that we have been rewarded with tremendous foreign investment and a leadership position in world financial markets.  A vote in favor of this legislation is a vote to strengthen our position and avoid a wholesale loss of investor confidence that would be perilously difficult to restore.  