 President, I appreciate an opportunity to respond. The majority leader might want to listen or he might not want to listen. What he said might be true if one needed to use an oxygenate, but California does not need to use an oxygenate because it has a reformulated gasoline, and it has to use just a limited oxygenate.  This bill forces California to use this much that it does not need, and a careful reading of the credit trading provision in this bill means you either use this ethanol or you have to pay for it.  Let me respond to another point he made on the issue of increased gas prices. He said we use one study. Let me give another study. This is an EPA staff white paper, study of unique gasoline blends, effects on fuel supply and distribution and potential improvements: Replacing the RFG oxygenate mandate with the renewable fuel mandate will result in a shift of ethanol use from RFG to conventional gasoline, while ethanol distribution costs and blending costs should decrease. However, this will be offset to some extent by an increase in ethanol production costs. For the purpose of this study, we have assumed, based on previous analyses, as discussed in the cost memorandum in the docket, that ethanol production costs would be increased by 15 cents per gallon relative to today's ethanol prices. So it shows there that the cost of ethanol is apt to go up.  With respect to the study that he mentioned, the Energy Information Administration report, that report used national averages. It does not adequately predict gas prices in California and other States.  The report he referred to did not model how infrastructure problems and market concentration can drive prices up.  So, what California is saying is we will not have the infrastructure in place, and that alone will create price spikes.  With respect to his comment on the 90-day amendment, the majority leader knows I have been interested in this for a long time. A 90-day waiver has never, ever, by anyone, been offered to me. I will be very happy at the appropriate time to call up my amendment, which is a 90-day waiver. I hope, then, that that 90-day waiver will be agreed to. But at no time was a 90-day waiver ever mentioned to me.  I thank the Chair.  