 President, I very much appreciate what the distinguished Senator from Nevada has done, which is essentially to eliminate metals from the derivatives amendment that is now pending. It is a second-degree amendment. It would continue the exemption for metals.  I want to go into three cases and why I believe metals should be included.  The first is the case called Sumitoma. It goes back to 1996. After nearly a year of complaints by market participants and regulated markets, Sumitoma copper trading irregularities ended up with the company losing a reported $4 billion and their main copper trader pleading guilty to the Japanese equivalent of market manipulation. The company is paying record fines to the United States and British regulatory authorities.  Sumitoma manipulation efforts occurred in the over-the-counter and cash markets. Although observed by market participants and markets, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission--the CFTC--was nearly powerless to do anything about it without the consent of the British regulator.  In the 30 days following the May 17, 1996, collapse, the market dropped by nearly 60 cents per pound--from $1.30 to 70 cents by the middle of June.  In just the 8 months prior to the collapse, U.S. consumers were overcharged by nearly $2.5 billion in copper purchases because of the Sumitoma trader's manipulation.  Once again, had the CFTC had the authority--just modest authority--in our amendment, this fraud could have been detected and dealt with much earlier and without such a devastating economic impact.  We are simply including the antifraud and antimanipulation provision of the CFTC, and applying it also to metals as well as energy.  Let me cite a second one having to do with the Metalgeselschaft collapse in 1993. This company was known as MG. It was once a preeminent metals and energy trader. It collapsed in late 1993, losing billions of dollars, costing thousands of employees their jobs, and endangering the energy marketplace. After the collapse, analysis showed that MG's derivative positions, over the counter, in combination with the faulty strategy, contributed to the collapse. If the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the CFTC, had at that time the authority contained in our amendment to monitor large trader positions and ensure adequate net capital, the debacle could likely have been avoided. It certainly would have been detected far before the collapse occurred. That is point 2. These are actual cases that have taken place.  Point 3: The Hunt brothers and the silver bubble. In 1979, the sons of patriarch H.L. Hunt, Nelson Bunker and William Herbert, together with some wealthy Arabs, formed a silver pool. In a short period of time they had amassed more than 200 million ounces of silver, equivalent to half of the world's deliverable supply. When the Hunts began accumulating silver back in 1973, the price was in the $1.95 an ounce range. Early in 1979, the price was about $5. In late 1979, early 1980, the price was $50, peaking at $54.  Once the silver market was cornered, outsiders joined the chase. But a combination of changed trading rules on the New York Metals Market, COMEX, and the intervention of the Federal Reserve put an end to the game. The price began to slide. It culminated in a 50-percent 1-day decline on March 27, 1980, as the price plummeted from $21.62 to $10.80.  The collapse of the silver market meant countless losses for speculators. The Hunt brothers declared bankruptcy. By 1987, their liabilities had grown to nearly $2.5 billion against assets of $1.5 billion. And in August of 1988, the Hunts were convicted of conspiring to manipulate the market.  This is the point. These things have happened. These are three big metals cases. What we say is, put them within the Commodity Futures Trading Commission antifraud and antimanipulation commission. Why give online trading platforms exemptions from transparency? Why allow a commodity that isn't being delivered from me to you but traded back and forth to have no transparency of any of these trades so that no one can find an audit trail, no one can find the records, and no one can ever know what really happened?  At the end of my remarks, I will move to table the Reid amendment.  I will briefly talk about the energy derivatives amendment cosponsored by Senators Fitzgerald, Cantwell, Wyden, Corzine, Leahy, and Boxer, and the Presiding Officer. I am very grateful for your support.  Our amendment is currently supported by the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, the Derivatives Study Center, the Sierra Club, the American Power Association, the American Public Gas Association, the Texas Independent Petroleum Royalty Owners Association, the Mid-American Energy Holdings Company, the New York Mercantile Exchange, the California Municipal Utilities Association, the United States Public Interest Research Group, the Consumers Union, the Consumers Federation of America, the Apache Corporation, Calpine, Southern California Edison, Pacific Gas and Electric, the Silver Users Association--interestingly enough, they are concerned; they want metals in this amendment--the Commodity Futures Trading Commission's Commissioner Tom Erickson, and all four Commissioners of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, including its Chairman, Pat Wood.  Because of this support, the amendment has been filibustered by certain Senators who don't want to see it come to a vote. The amendment has now been on the floor for more than a month. The leadership was forced to file cloture last night to try to bring this to a conclusion.  Some of the opponents continue to argue that this amendment is too complicated for them to understand. I once again explain very simply what our amendment does. The amendment provides antifraud and antimanipulation authority to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for all energy trades and metals where there is no physical delivery.  If I buy energy from you, Mr. President, and you deliver that energy directly to me, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has oversight--antifraud, antimanipulation oversight--and you must keep records; I must keep records.  But if there is no delivery--if I buy an energy swap, for instance, to lock in a set price and protect myself from risk--the CFTC does not have oversight, if I use an electronic trading exchange. That is the rub. The electronic trading exchange is exempted. If we go through the Chicago Mercantile, we are not exempted. If we go through New York, we are not exempted. But an online trading platform has no transparency for a derivative not delivered.  In fact, the CFTC may not even be able to investigate fraud or manipulation if the exchange was operated, like Enron Online, where Enron was both a buyer and a seller. This is what is known as a bilateral dealer market. If Enron Online or another company operating a bilateral dealer market wanted to manipulate prices and/or corner the market, regulators might very well be helpless to investigate.  Since more than 90 percent of energy trades do not involve delivery, and since other electronic exchanges are now emulating the Enron model, there is a huge loophole here. I will predict that some of these go down just as Enron did.  Our amendment closes that Enron loophole and makes sure the CFTC has full antifraud, antimanipulation authority over all energy trades where there is no delivery.  The amendment also subjects all dealer markets selling energy and metals derivatives online, including Enron Online, Dynegy Direct, Aquila, to similar requirements as other nonelectronic exchanges. This means these exchanges would have to file with the CFTC, provide some price transparency and price disclosure, and maintain capital commensurate with risk--all the things that Enron Online did not do and did not have to do because of the 2000 Commodity Futures Modernization Act which provided Enron this loophole. How convenient.  Someone buys energy not on an exchange; let's say they pick up the phone and buy an energy derivative, but there is no delivery. The transaction is subject only to antifraud and antimanipulation authority. So if you are trading energy derivatives on an electronic trading platform, that exchange is regulated just as other exchanges.  If you are not using an exchange, the CFTC can investigate allegations of fraud and manipulation. I don't think this is confusing at all. Either we are going to require energy trades to be transparent or we are going to continue to support loopholes, allowing some energy trading to be done in the dark of night.  I want to point out that on this simple proposal, just to close loopholes in the energy and metals markets, we have now spent 3\1/2\ hours more of debate than this body spent considering the entire Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000--that's right, 3\1/2\ hours more debate than was spent on the entire Commodity Futures Modernization Act.  The Senate did not spend 1 minute debating the Commodity Futures Modernization Act--one of the most sweeping regulatory revisions in several decades. And the loophole for Enron just went through. Yes, the Senate Agriculture Committee held hearings and completed a markup of the Senate version of the CFMA on June 29, 2000; but that is where the process stopped in the Senate.  At the last minute, Enron lobbied the House for an exemption for energy and metals trading. This is what appeared in the appropriations bill for the Department of Labor and Health and Human Services at the very end of the 106th Congress. And this was inconsistent with what the Senate Agriculture Committee marked up in regard to energy and metal.  The amendment we are debating is consistent with the bill that Senator Lugar and the Agriculture Committee, which he chaired, marked up. What the Agriculture Committee passed was consistent with the recommendations spelled out in the November 1999 President's working group, signed by Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan, Treasury Secretary Larry Summers, SEC Chairman Art Leavitt, and CFTC Chairman William Rainer. That report asserted that there should be two categories of derivatives--financial derivatives and everything else. There was no reason that metal or energy or any other tangible, finite commodity should be entitled to its own category.  So what we are doing in our amendment is entirely consistent with that report. In regard to the electronic trading platforms, we simply return things to the way they were before the President's working group affirmed that we were doing it right. By that standard, this amendment has been subjected to intense scrutiny and infinitely more debate than the comprehensive regulatory legislation adopted in 2000.  Before the recess, at the end of the last floor debate, my colleague from Idaho asked--I think facetiously--why we did not simply try to provide antifraud and antimanipulation authority for all transactions, not just energy and metals. Let me point out that our bill affects about 2 percent of the derivative market that deals with energy and metals. We actually don't know if it is 1 percent or 3 percent because as a result of the Enron exemption, there is not enough transparency to know.  Our amendment does not affect financial instruments at all. We have cleared that up. Financial derivatives already have a statutory exclusion under the Commodities Exchange Act. Our amendment only deals with derivative transactions that involve energy or metal, the two commodities exempted by the 2000 CFMA.  This lack of transparency had important ramifications for the energy crisis experienced in California and the West, which ended only about 10 months ago. This is what got me interested in this matter. As a result, we still don't know why gas prices at the California border remained significantly higher than neighboring States for more than 5 months. Why don't we know? There is no transparency; there is no audit trail; there are no records. It is impossible to prove what kind of trading back and forth was done, frankly, to increase the price of gas.  Some have asserted that the CFTC already has antifraud authority for over-the-counter trades. If this authority is already there, then our amendment reaffirms that the authority is there. But this is not as easy to determine as one might think.  Let me read two short paragraphs that show you what I mean. This is from the International Swaps and Derivatives Association:       Transactions involving exempt commodities, including      commodities such as energy products, chemicals, and metals,      are similarly excluded from the Commodity Exchange Act and      remain subject to the CFTC's antifraud and antimanipulation      authority.  Then they put out another publication, which is the March 11 opposition letter to our amendment, and they say exactly the opposite. They say:       The amendment extends the application of the CFTC's      antifraud and antimanipulation provisions to transactions in      exempt commodities. The amendment would revise the Commodity      Exchange Act, section 2(g), to provide that otherwise exempt      transactions in exempt commodities would be subject to      antifraud and antimanipulation provisions of the Commodity      Exchange Act.  So maybe the authority is there and maybe it is not. If our amendment passes, we know for sure that it is. We take the vagary out of it, we take the game playing out of it, and the same party cannot say different things at different times. That is really why this amendment is necessary.  So that means if someone is cornering the market in energy or metals--or maybe in natural gas, as many suspect Enron did--the CFTC will have the necessary tools to investigate. And 99 times out of 100, the CFTC will find that there is nothing improper. But isn't it good to know that regulators can provide assurance that markets are functioning properly? Isn't that what gives people confidence to invest, that they know there is regulation and that these markets are performing efficiently and with transparency?  I want to make one final point about Enron. As I said before, Enron Online operated completely outside of the CFTC's antifraud and antimanipulation authority because it was operating an online trading forum to conduct trades bilaterally, one to one, where it was both a buyer and a seller. In other words, Enron was buying energy and selling energy, and only Enron knew the price. Enron could have been buying at one price and selling at a much higher price. Because there was no transparency and no oversight authority, we may never know.  Other companies now have stepped up to fill Enron's market void. Some of these energy trading platforms are operating the same way Enron Online did.  Do any of my colleagues truly believe that we should be limiting transparency and regulatory authority in light of all we have just learned about the energy markets and Enron? I think not. So this amendment is really on the side of the angels. It gives certainty, it provides for antifraud, antimanipulation oversight; it says the CFTC must set some capitalization standards based on risk, and it provides that all trades are transparent, records are kept, and audit trails are available.  I know why the banks oppose this. Because they want to do the same thing Enron has done. The banks have set up their own online trading platform which, again, would trade in darkness, which, again, for nondelivered derivatives would have no transparency, have no record, have no capital requirements, and no antifraud and antimanipulation oversight. I believe there are more Enrons coming down. I believe there are going to be more just on this very point.  What I am saying to the Senate is the Senate has to protect the people. The Senate has to provide for regulation. Why should there be regulation of the Nasdaq? Why should there be regulation on the Chicago Mercantile and no regulation online? It is a huge loophole, and we ought to plug it.  Mr. President, I move to table----  