R. 2356, the bipartisan campaign finance reform bill. The momentum for the bill is building. The President has indicated that he is inclined to sign this bill. We could be on the brink of enacting the first significant campaign reforms in a generation.  I would like to make a couple of observations: First, I want to salute the sponsors of S. 27, the Senate companion measure, Senators McCain and Feingold. We are considering this bill only because of the sheer force of their collective will. They have suffered innumerable set-backs pushing for this legislation over the past several years. But they never got discouraged; they never let up. Their dedication to this cause has been extraordinary.  Second, numerous public opinion polls have indicated that the American people overwhelmingly support campaign reform, but do not rank the issue as a priority. I think that's because they have grown discouraged about the likelihood of Congress passing such reform. Maybe, just maybe, we will show the American people that we are capable of beating the odds, of coming together and doing something difficult.  House Resolution 2356, the ``Shays-Meehan'' bill, is sufficiently similar to S. 27 that Senators who support campaign finance reform ought to have no hesitation voting for final passage.  Most importantly, both bills get so-called ``soft money'' out of Federal elections. The bill we are about to pass prohibits all soft money contributions from corporations, labor unions, and individuals to the national political parties or candidates for Federal office.  Furthermore, State political parties that are permitted under State law to collect these unregulated contributions would be prohibited from spending them on any activities relating to a Federal election.  The soft money ban is the most significant, and necessary, campaign finance reform we can make. Soft money threatens to overwhelm our system and the public's confidence in its integrity.  In 1988, Michael Dukakis, the Democratic candidate for President, and Vice President Bush, the Republican candidate, raised a total of $45 million in unregulated soft money donations.  Just 8 years later, President Clinton raised $124 million and the Republican candidate for President, former Senator Dole, raised $138 million.  In the 1999-2000 election cycle, Democrats raised $245 million, and Republicans raised just under $250 million.  One of the very biggest soft money donors during the 1999-2000 cycle was Enron.  In its 1976 ruling in Buckley versus Valeo, the Supreme Court upheld limits on so-called ``hard money'' campaign contributions. The Court argued that such contributions, unregulated, could lead to corruption through quid pro quo relationships, or at least the appearance of corruption, which is also harmful to a democracy.  Well, if we are worried about corruption, or the appearance of corruption, with regard to hard money contributions, which are limited and disclosed, we ought to be doubly worried about soft money contributions, which can be unlimited, and are largely undisclosed.  Fortunately, we are about to put an end to soft money contributions.  The soft money ban will work because we came to a reasonable compromise with regard to raising some of the existing hard money contribution limits by modest amounts, and indexing those limits for inflation.  I am proud that I helped to negotiate that compromise, along with the senior Senator from Tennessee and several other Members from both sides of the aisle.  The Senate voted 84-16 to approve the compromise we worked out.  Our compromise: doubles the limit on hard money contributions to individual candidates from $1,000 per election to $2,000 per election; increases the annual limit on hard money contributions to the national party committees by $5,000, to $25,000; increases the annual aggregate limit on all hard money contributions by $12,500, to $37,500; doubles the amount that the national party committees can contribute to candidates, from $17,500 to $35,000; and indexes these new limits for inflation.  So under the Thompson-Feinstein amendment to S. 27, the individual aggregate contribution limit, the amount that can be given to PACs, parties, and candidates combined, is increased from the current $25,000 per year to $37,500 per year.  That is a $75,000 per cycle limit, but only $37,500 of that can be given to candidates because all contributions to candidates are charged against the aggregate in the year of the election.  The House bill creates a $95,000 per cycle aggregate limit. Of that, $37,500 can be given to candidates and $57,500 can be given to parties and PACs. But to actually max out, an individual must contribute $20,000 of the aggregate to national party committees.  This all sounds very complicated, but the net change is that the House bill adds an additional $20,000 per cycle to the aggregate limit, but that increase is reserved for contributions national parties. That is a reasonable change.  The hard money increases will reinvigorate individual giving. They will reduce the incessant need for fund-raising. They will give candidates and parties the resources they need to respond to independent campaigns. They will reduce the relative influence of PACs.  The Thompson-Feinstein amendment, by increasing the limit on individual and national party committee contributions to Federal candidates, will reduce the need for raising campaign funds from political action committees, PACs.  Our amendment, therefore, will reduce the relative influence of PACs, making it easier to replace PAC monies with funds raised from individual donors.  The concern about PACs seems unimportant now, compared with the problems that soft money, independent expenditures, and issue advocacy present. But we shouldn't dismiss the fact that PACs retain considerable influence in our system.  I know that some campaign reform advocates are uncomfortable raising any hard money contribution limits by any amount.  I would argue that modest increases are imperative for the simple reason that the current limits were established under the Federal Election Campaign Act, FECA, Amendments of 1974, Public Law 93-443, and haven't been changed since. That was 27 years ago!  I have spoken previously about how the costs of campaigning have risen much faster than ordinary inflation over the past 27 years these limits have been frozen.  The advantage of modestly lifting some of the limits is that doing so will reduce the time candidates have to spend fund-raising, time better spent with, prospective, constituents.  During the 2000 election, my campaign had over 100 fund-raisers. That took time. Time to call. Time to attend. Time to say thanks. And that was time I couldn't spend doing what my constituents want me to do.  The task of raising hard money in small contributions unadjusted for inflation is just too daunting, for incumbents and challengers alike.  Particularly in the larger States such as California, where extensive television and radio advertising is imperative, it is not uncommon for Senators to begin fund-raising for the next election right after the present one ends and they often find themselves ``dialing for dollars'' instead of attending to other duties.  Let's be honest with each other and the American people: campaigning for office will continue to get more and more expensive because television spots are getting more and more expensive.  Regrettably, one action the House took during its consideration of H.R. 2356 was to strip the provision Senator Torricelli successfully offered to S. 27 that entitled candidates and political parties to receive the ``lowest unit rate'' for non-preemptible broadcast advertisements within 45 days of a primary election or 60 days of a general election.  Under the House bill broadcast television, radio, cable, and satellite providers will be able to continue charging candidates and national committees of political parties higher advertising rates.  I am disappointed the House took this action but will support the bill nonetheless. A half of a loaf of bread is better than no bread.  Independent campaigns conducted by groups that are accountable to no one threaten to drown out any attempt by candidates or the parties to communicate with voters.  Spending on issue advocacy by these groups, according to the Congressional Research Service, rose from $135 million in 1996 to as much as $340 million in 1998. Then it rose again, to $509 million in 2000. Most of this money is used for attack ads that the American people have come to loathe.  It is likely that spending on so-called issue advocacy, most of which is thinly disguised electioneering, probably will surpass hard money spending, and very soon. It has already surpassed soft money spending.  Clearly, the playing field is being skewed. More and more people are turning to the undisclosed, unregulated independent campaign.  The attacks come and no one knows who is actually paying for them. I believe this is unethical. I believe it is unjust. I believe it is unreasonable and it must end.  Fortunately, the House kept intact the ``Snowe-Jeffords'' provisions regarding these sham issue ads.  The House bill defines ``electioneering communications'' as any broadcast, cable, or satellite communications which refer to a clearly identified candidate for Federal office and are made within 60 days of a general election or 30 days of a primary.  Anyone making electioneering communications costing $10,000 a year or more must disclose to the Federal Election Commission, FEC, the sponsor of the communication within 24 hours, and the names of those who contribute $1,000 or more to the sponsor within that election cycle.  The bill prohibits union or corporate treasury funds from being used for electioneering communications.  The bill we are about to pass will staunch the millions of unregulated soft dollars that currently flow into the coffers of our political parties, and replace a modest portion of that money with contributions that are fully regulated and disclosed under the existing provisions of the Federal Election Campaign Act.  People aren't concerned about individual contributions of $1,000, and I don't think they will be concerned about donations of $2,000.  No, what concerns people the most about the current system are the checks for $250,000, or $500,000, or even $1 million flowing into political parties.  These gigantic contributions are what warp our politics and cause people to lose faith in our Government and they must be halted. They give the appearance of corruption.  I represent California, which has more people, 34 million, than 21 other States combined. I just finished my 12th political campaign. For the 4th time in 10 years, I ran statewide. Running for office in California is expensive: I have had to raise more than $55 million in those four campaigns.  I can tell you from my experiences over the years that I am committed to campaign reform, and I am heartened that we are about to pass H.R. 256.  Is it a perfect bill? No. Will it be subject to challenges in court? Undoubtedly. But I think it is a strong bill and I'm optimistic that it will withstand the courts' scrutiny. And as I said earlier, it is our best chance at reform in a generation.  Campaign reform goes to the heart of our democracy. The way we currently finance and conduct our campaigns is a cancer metastasizing throughout the body politic.  It discourages people from running for office and it disgusts voters. So they simply tune out, in larger and larger numbers.  Discouragement, disgust, frustration, apathy, these feelings don't bolster our democracy, they weaken it.  We have an opportunity here, a rare opportunity, to do the right thing and pass H.R. 2356.  