 President, I rise today to thank the leadership on both sides of the aisle for clearing an amendment I introduced with my colleague from Alaska, Senator Stevens, to prohibit the use of nuclear armed interceptors as part of a Ballistic Missile Defense System (BMDS).  Senators Levin and Warner have shown tremendous leadership by working hard to address this important issue, and I want to personally thank them for their efforts.  I want to comment briefly on the details of the amendment because I feel so strongly, as do my colleagues in the Senate, that both Chambers of Congress move to prohibit nuclear armed interceptors.  A nuclear armed interceptor is a defensive missile that uses a nuclear, rather than conventional, explosive tip to destroy its target. It is based on the premise that a large blast will overwhelm all of the components of an enemy missile.  The Washington Post reported in April of this year that the Pentagon was pursuing plans to resume research and testing of nuclear armed interceptors as part of a Ballistic Missile Defense System (BMDS).  I think this would be a great mistake and would endanger the health and safety of all Americans.  The Post reported on April 11 that the Defense Science Board, a research body within the Department of Defense, received encouragement from Secretary Rumsfeld to consider using nuclear tipped warheads for a missile defense system.  On April 17, Senator Stevens and I, at an Appropriations Defense Subcommittee hearing, asked General Kadish of the Missile Defense Agency to refute the Washington Post story. He responded that his agency would not conduct research into nuclear warheads.  To further clarify the point, we also asked Secretary Rumsfeld to address the allegation in writing. He also assured us the Pentagon would no longer encourage such testing.  Inexplicably, in this year's House Armed Services Committee report on the House passed Defense authorization bill, there is language sanctioning nuclear interceptor research. The report states:       The Department may investigate other options for ballistic      missile defense nuclear armed interceptors, blast fragment      war-     heads . . . as alternatives to current approaches . . .  This troubling development led Senator Stevens and me to introduce today's amendment, which prohibits any funds from being used for nuclear armed interceptors.  Our amendment simply states:       None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this or      any other Act may be used for research, development, test,      evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed      interceptors of a missile defense system.  The use of nuclear armed interceptors represents a deeply troubling departure from the missile defense testing that has occurred up to this point.  For the past year, the Pentagon has been pursuing a technically problematic approach to missile defense.  They have attempted to ``hit a bullet with a bullet.''  This means that the missile defense system has to individually hit each incoming warhead in order to eliminate the total threat.  But under this system, the Missile Defense Agency still fails to address the decoy warheads and other countermeasures that force our systems to rapidly determine which is the actual warhead to be targeted and which is simply a decoy.  This core dilemma led the Pentagon to explore the concept of using a nuclear armed interceptor to destroy all of the incoming warheads, real and decoy alike.  Instead of targeting a particular missile, a nuclear tipped interceptor would be exploded in the vicinity of the missile, ensuring the destruction of the missile and any others objects around it.  This approach raises serious questions about the confidence the Missile Defense Agency appears to have in its current ``Hit a Bullet with a Bullet'' plan.  But perhaps more importantly, this approach overlooks a laundry list of catastrophic side-effects that would accompany a nuclear blast in the atmosphere.  Even a low-yield nuclear blast in the atmosphere would have grave consequences on public health and on the global economy.  Atmospheric winds could potentially spread fall-out over American or allied sovereign territory, the very territory we are trying to protect from nuclear attack.  Add the possibility of intercepting a chemical or biological warhead, and we exponentially increase the risk of spreading spores or chemical agents over a wide area.  The Electromagnetic Pulse (EMP) from an overhead nuclear blast would severely disrupt and most likely permanently damage U.S. and foreign satellites.  These are the very satellite systems we rely on to provide us with early warning and key intelligence for national security operations.  I think we all can see the serious ramifications of pursuing such an ill-advised policy, and I believe that this amendment is needed to prevent us from going down this path.  As Senators from two States that could feel the brunt of radiological, chemical or biological fall-out in the event of a missile defense activation, we are compelled to act.  But make no mistake about it, every State in the Union faces the specter of contamination.  Given the language included in the House bill promoting nuclear intercept research, it is critical the Senate take a leadership role by preventing such research and testing.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and inject some common sense into the debate over the future of missile defense.  