 President, when the members of the Senate Energy Committee, including Senator Schumer, Senator Cantwell, Senator Wyden, and I, began talking about doing a comprehensive energy bill more than a year ago there were three major things all of us said that we wanted to see in the bill.  First we believed that we needed to reduce our energy consumption and hence our country's dependence on foreign oil.  Second we wanted to get to the bottom of what was happening with energy markets in California and the West where electricity and natural gas prices were 10-25 times higher that they should have been.  And we wanted to do all we could to ensure that a crisis of this magnitude could never happen again.  And third, we wanted to address global warming by quantitatively and measurably reducing our emissions of greenhouse gases.  These are still the elements I support in an energy bill. But the simple fact of the matter is that these elements are not in this bill.  First the Senate rejected Senator Cantwell's and my amendment to provide transparency, oversight and authority by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) on energy derivative trading.  What we saw in energy markets was the on-line trading of energy commodities like natural gas and electricity multiple times to drive up prices and escape any federal oversight or transparency whatsoever.  This is what Enron was doing through its on-line trading company, Enron On-Line before the company went bankrupt.  And Dynegy and Williams, two companies operating on-line exchanges similar to Enron On-Line have taken over some of Enron's market share and are trading without oversight or transparency either.  The Senate had the opportunity to address this problem which arose from the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000.  But instead the Senate rejected our amendment which would have ensured that there was proper oversight for energy trading.  So I don't think this energy bill will do a single thing that assures me that we won't have another crisis in my state.  The Senate also had the opportunity to pass legislation to increase fuel economy standards. Senator Snowe and I introduced legislation last year that would have closed what is known as the SUV Loophole.  That loophole allows SUVs and other light duty trucks to meet lower fuel economy standards than other passenger vehicles. The standard is 27.5 miles per gallon for cars and 20.7 miles per gallon for SUVs.  Our bill would have saved a million barrels of oil a day, reduced our dependence on foreign oil by 10 percent, and prevented more than 200 million tons of carbon dioxide from entering the atmosphere each year.  It was the single most important thing our country could have done not only to combat global warming, but to become more fuel-independent at the same time.  I regret that we did not have the opportunity to vote on this measure as the Senate instead overwhelmingly defeated a much more ambitious proposal to significantly raise standards for all vehicles.  I am convinced that had we not done that, the Feinstein-Snowe amendment would have had a real shot at winning.  By a longshot however, the ethanol mandate is the most troublesome provision in the Senate energy bill.  What was also sneaked into this bill without a hearing was essentially a new gas tax that will result in a wealth transfer from California and New York and other coastal States to States in the Midwest.  It actually triples the ethanol market by mandate.  And if a State does not need it, it forces that State to buy credits to pay for it.  In fact, the mandate extorts California to use 2.68 billion gallons of ethanol over nine years that it does not need.  All this for a substance that is already subsidized to the tune of 53 cents per gallon and protected from any foreign competition through significant tariffs.  No one knows for sure how much gas prices will increase because of this mandate.  One recent analysis indicates that prices will increase 4 to 10 cents per gallon across the United States if the Senate energy bill becomes law.  I believe that the price spikes in California will be even more severe beginning in about 2004 as our State is close to our refining capacity and using ethanol will shrink our gasoline supply and force us to refine more.  California also does not have the necessary infrastructure in place to transport the ethanol to market.  I am particularly concerned about the limited number of suppliers in the ethanol market.  In fact, one company ADM controls 41 percent of the market.  And of course, nobody really knows the long-term health and environmental effects of nearly tripling the amount of ethanol in our gasoline supply.  Some evidence suggests that (1) reformulated gasoline with ethanol produces more smog pollution than reformulated gas without it; and (2) ethanol enables the toxic chemicals in gasoline to seep further into groundwater and ever faster than conventional gasoline.  But just like when we introduced MTBE into our gasoline we simplydon't know what the ramifications will be.  And of course to top it off this bill protects these energy producers from any future liability.  And the funniest thing of all is that all this is for a gasoline additive that California and other States hardly need.  With the exception of the winter months in some of the southern part of the State, California can meet all its Clean Air Act Standards with its own reformulated gasoline.  In actuality we need to use very little ethanol.  So that is why I strongly oppose this bill and I believe we will rue the day we passed this ethanol mandate and this energy bill.  