 It will be my intent to vote against any large stimulus package at this time. I do so because I believe a stimulus package right now is not necessary. I believe, when compounded with the President's budget and other items, it actually works as a significant detriment to us doing what we need to do, which is have a balanced budget.  In his remarks last month before the Senate Budget Committee, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said an interesting thing. I would like to quote him. He said:       There have been signs recently that some of the forces that      have been restraining the economy over the past year are      starting to diminish and that activity is beginning to firm.  And it appears the economy is stabilizing without the need for a stimulus.  Among the positive signs the distinguished Mr. Greenspan cited are that businesses are working off their inventories of unsold goods, freeing them to increase production and hire more workers.  According to the latest economic reports, the moving 4-week average of jobless rates continues to dip while the pace of manufacturing activity throughout our country surges. Unemployment appears to have stabilized. The manufacturing index is up. The consumer confidence index is up. Orders for durable goods are up. Most importantly, we notice a slight increase in gross domestic product. Although it may not be much, it signals that the worst may well be over.  I agree with Chairman Greenspan's assessment that ``while 3 months ago, it was clearly a desirable action'' to pass a stimulus measure, we did not, and, ``fortunately, it turned out we didn't need that particular [action].''  If you sort of put this in context, the House has passed a very large stimulus package. The debate is going on in this Chamber on two stimulus packages. They then need to go to conference, and the differences would have to be resolved. It is very clear to me that bythe time the stimulus package goes into effect, it really would have negligible effect.  Although there is still a ways to go before the economy is fully stabilized and is growing again, I believe we are moving in the right direction.  I want to point out that now the President's budget has come to the Hill with very large increases in defense, the end program, if we begin them, is that we must continue them over the next 5-year period, and large increases in homeland security, some of which will be new expenditures and will need continuation in this post 9-11 era. Making large cuts in many domestic programs with dollars being spent on a so-called stimulus, to me, becomes even more questionable.  In fact, many of the measures which have been proposed by the President and which have been under discussion in the Congress over the past few months are not, to my mind, well calibrated to provide a real stimulus impact. They add to the tax package we passed this past June. I voted for it because I felt at the time it was well deserved. The economy was strong, the surplus was up, and it is not unreasonable to expect when both of those are present that the taxpayers should be enabled to keep more of their money. I basically believe that is good public policy.  However, in September we began to see an unprecedented event add to our problems. That unprecedented event, of course, has brought on the need for homeland security and increased defense allocation. Downstream, this means that these two items can well crowd out also vitally needed domestic programs. The transportation budget has been cut dramatically, I understand. Transportation is a stimulus. Transportation puts people to work. The transportation budget provides good jobs. I suspect, if that cut goes through, we will find those jobs will diminish.  There are many elements of the plan the majority leader has proposed which I believe are important--not for their stimulative impact but as an issue of basic fairness and past practice for those of us in this body.  The first is the 13-week extension of unemployment insurance. I would support this as, again, a matter of the practice of this body. I was present in the 1990s when we extended unemployment insurance at least twice that I can remember. That was during the periods of recession.  According to the Department of Labor, every dollar used for unemployment benefit results in a $2.15 increase in the gross domestic product. That is the sum total of goods and services in our country.  Today, over 1 million people are unemployed. In my State, that is over 13 percent of the country's total unemployment. Since September 11, unemployment benefits have run out for 190,000 Californians. Since September 11, over 900,000 Californians have started receiving unemployment benefits, which shows the impact of that dastardly event on September 11.  It is estimated that 300,000 people in California alone would be helped by this 13-week extension. Nationally, extending unemployment coverage will benefit more than 600,000 people, and again continue to revive the economy.  I think we should do it because we have done it before, because it is the right thing to do, and because it is the fair thing to do.  There is one other part of the leader's package that I would support. That is the temporary change in the Federal Medicaid Assistance Program, known as FMAP. That is a formula that provides States with additional funds to make sure that health care is available to those in need. It is a measure supported by virtually all of our country's Governors. It is supported because the recession essentially has pushed more people into Medicaid. In fact, one study has found that just an increase in unemployment from 4.5 to 6.5 percent, which is what transpired last year, adds 800,000 adults, 260,000 disabled, and 2.1 million children to the Medicaid rolls of our 50 States.  I would support the 1-year increase in the Medicaid assistance, or FMAP, by 1.5 percent to every State, and an additional 1.5 percent to States with higher than average unemployment. This is essentially the same proposal that is in the majority leader's stimulus package.  I have submitted an amendment which would do only those two things. I hope, if the time is appropriate, that I will be able to offer that amendment. I think these are two elements of the Daschle package which are worthy of support.  Madam President, I say these words because I have said them in other places, and I think I ought to say them in this Senate Chamber. It would be my hope that we could pass the extension of unemployment insurance and the FMAP Medicaid changes--the FMAP amounts to about $5 billion--and do so as a matter of fairness.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  