 President, as the United States fights this war against terrorism--and puts in place the programs called for in this emergency supplemental for homeland defense and on-going military operations in Afghanistan and elsewhere--we can't overlook the fact that global poverty is a contributing factor and a breeding ground for terrorism, and that if we are to be successful in this war the United States must significantly increase its foreign assistance spending commitments.  Several of my colleagues and I had hoped to be able to do so on this emergency supplemental. Unfortunately, this does not appear to be possible.  But we want to be clear that we remain committed to this goal, and intend to work through the normal appropriations process to see this happen.  It is in our country's national interest to bring aid and functioning, free-market democratic institutions to countries and regions that might otherwise wallow in poverty, be preyed on by fanatics, or provide safe havens for terrorists.  I see one of my colleagues in these efforts, Senator DeWine, and would ask him his thoughts on the importance of this issue in safeguarding U.S. national interests.  Mr. DeWINE. I would like to echo what my colleague from California has said. Providing humanitarian assistance is in our national interest, and it is also the right thing to do. We have a moral obligation to help ease the suffering that billions of people are facing around the world. We have an obligation to help those in the world who are suffering at the hands of evil leaders and corrupt governments.  We know that chaos, poverty, hunger, political uncertainty, and social stability are the root causes of violence and conflict around the world. We also know that if used correctly, our foreign assistance is a vital foreign policy tool to prevent violence and conflict. Our foreign aid can be used to fight global terrorism and foster political stability, food security, rule of law, democracy, and ultimately peace around the world. When applied effectively, foreign assistance works.  One of the many lessons of the tragic September 11th terrorist attacks is that we must not wait for a nation to implode before we take action. We must not wait for a nation's people to suffer from poverty, disease, hunger, despotic leaders, or corrupt governments.  Yet, tragically, despite its importance and immeasurable value, our overall foreign affairs budget has been stagnant for the past 20 years. And in real dollars, it has gone down. That is a mistake.  I ask my colleague from California, what level does U.S. foreign assistance spending stand at today?  