 President, I rise to offer my support and cosponsor an amendment to S. 2673 offered by the senior Senator from New York, which would prohibit all loans by a corporation to its directors or executive officers.  Among the abuses committed by senior executives and directors at companies such as WorldCom, Enron, and Global Crossing is the practice of issuing large, favorable loans to those executives and directors.  Those loans can create conflicts of interest that limit that the ability of outside directors, in particular, to voice their criticism of the institution.  Many years ago, I served on the board of directors of a bank, and noted that at the time, several of the directors had hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of outstanding loans at that bank.  At the time, this occurred to me to be wrong, and I could not understand why these directors did not take out loans at another bank, thereby avoiding any conflicts of interest.  The only conclusion I could draw was that the loans to these directors were either easier to procure or made on more favorable terms than loans from another bank would be.  I see no justification for providing loans to corporate directors or executive officers. The goal of the reforms that we are currently debating should be to create an environment in which outside directors and major corporate officers act in as pure and honest a manner as possible.  They should not enter into any appearance of conflict, such as the conflict that occurs when the corporation that they serve extends them a personal loan.  When an individual investor chooses to buy a stock, he or she does so with the full knowledge that it might turn out to be a bad investment. The stock may appreciate in value, but it might also go sour.  Anyone who makes that investment knows that the only way to be sure not to lose any money is to keep the money in cash or buy a T-bill.  But that is not the way it worked for the CEOs and directors of some of the largest public companies in this country.  For example, Bernard Ebbers, the former CEO of WorldCom, took out $430 million in loans from his company between September 2000 and the end of 2001.  When the SEC began investigating WorldCom earlier this year, $343 million in loans were still outstanding, most of which may never be recovered by WorldCom's investors.  Those loans to Ebbers are far from unique in corporate America today. One of the most egregious examples of this type of abuse recent months is the disclosure of $3.1 billion in loans extended to family members and affiliated business interests of the Rigas family by Adelphia Communications, a publicly traded company controlled by the Rigas family.  These loans were never disclosed to shareholders, and were apparently used to shore up a wide variety of business deals involving Rigas family members, including a golf course and an infusion of cash into the Buffalo Sabres hockey team.  On July 9, President Bush went to Wall Street and called for, among other things, ``an end to all company loans to corporate officers.''  I believe that the President was right, and have cosponsored this amendment with that goal in mind.  Investors have a right to know exactly how much of their dividends are going to pay for excessive pay packages. They also have a right to expect that the board of directors is truly independent and that no directors are tied too closely to the corporation they serve because of loans they have received from it.  