 President, I thank my friend and colleague, Senator Boxer, for her excellent remarks, and those Senators from New Jersey and New York who joined her. She has made a very impassioned message. It is a correct message. I hope people listen.  I also am deeply saddened by recent comments made by the President and Vice President which imply that Democrats are not protective of our Nation's security. Nothing is further from the truth.  There is no shortage of courage and bravery and patriotism on this side of the aisle. We, too, have our heroes who prove that: Senator Max Cleland, Senator Daniel Inouye, former Senator Bob Kerrey, and Senator John Kerry, people who fought with bravery and distinction in major conflicts this Nation has had.  Even to imply the Democrats are not interested in the security of the American people is not only wrong, but in the present pre-election period I believe it is also base.  Last night, it was reported the Vice President went so far as to state that American security would be enhanced if a certain GOP candidate was elected to the House of Representatives. This very statement, carried by major newspapers, jaundiced any fair discussion in this pre-election period.  One might ask why? The reason is both the President and the Vice President have an extraordinary bully pulpit with a very long reach. It makes up about 95 percent of everything that reaches the American public; the remaining 5 percent is scattered among whoever is able to receive it.  If this debate is politicized in the heat of an election and the decision is made for the wrong reasons--out of fear; if we do not carry out the public trust that is invested in us and make the decision for the right reasons, then we betray our trust. And no election is worth doing that.  I share the concern of the majority leader, and I hope it is not too late to end this politicization. But there is only one way. Shortly, we in Congress will begin debate on whether to authorize the President the authority to use force against Iraq. It is, in effect, a declaration of war. The President has sent a draft resolution. He made his case before the United Nations. Today heseeks the support of the international community. Now it is our job, our constitutional duty, to debate this resolution. But we must do so in an atmosphere that is true. The decision to go to war is perhaps the most grave and significant decision any nation makes. It is a decision that must be made on its own merits, with a timetable determined by the cause and the case and not based on political considerations and upcoming elections. I believe that deeply.  A declaration of war against Iraq is the most serious decision many Members will ever make as Senators. It is a life or death decision for the American men and women we put into harm's way, for the innocent Iraqi people who will be killed, for the repercussions it will have throughout the Persian Gulf, the Middle East and the Arab world, and throughout our own country and the rest of the world.  Congress must not rush to judgment before it has had ample opportunity to answer the many questions that still remain regarding why a war, a preemptive war, should be fought at this time against Iraq. For example, what is the immediate threat to American security to justify an attack on another sovereign nation? How would such a war be conducted? How would we respond to Iraq's use of chemical or biological weapons, to an attack on Israel, or to a ricochet of terrorist incidents in our country and around the world? And what are our responsibilities for postwar stability once Saddam Hussein is ousted? How do we prevent civil war between the Sunnis and the Shias?  No one questions that Saddam Hussein is an evil man, or the potential of Iraq acquiring the nuclear capability within the next 5 to 7 years is a possibility. We believe it is. There is reason to believe that Saddam Hussein has squirreled away biological and chemical weapons. But they are most likely close to civilians: in tunnels, under mosques, around schools and hospitals, and inside palaces or in mobile vehicles.  This is not sufficient reason to preemptively attack another sovereign nation--for the first time in this Nation's history--without first being provoked by an attack against our homeland, our people, or our interests. It is not sufficient reason to put our service men and women in harm's way when there are real, viable options short of war left on the table. There is no question this country should take steps to disarm Iraq. Saddam Hussein, with chemical and biological weapons, represents a real threat to his own people, to the Middle East region, and to the international security. The question is, Is use of force the first option or the last option? In my view, it should be the last. In my view, working with the international community, doing all we can to disarm Iraq before jumping to military force, remains an option.  If Saddam Hussein balks at inspectors, if he starts playing games, if he continues to thwart the will of the international community, then the use of force by the United States has a moral imprimatur and is the only remaining viable answer.  There is no question that Iraq is in direct violation of international law, numerous U.N. Security Council resolutions, and that he poses a threat in the region. Nobody debates that. But there is no persuasive evidence that Iraq is prepared to unleash its biological or chemical weapons today. Although he used them against the Kurds in 1987 and 1988, and against Iran in their decade-long war, he has not used them in over 10 years, and he knows what will happen to him if he does. He may be homicidal but he is not suicidal.  Likewise, there is no persuasive evidence that he possesses nuclear weapons today. He may be trying to gain these weapons, but he remains years away. So instead of rushing to war, I believe we should proceed in a calm, methodical, and nonpolitical manner. The United States should work through the United Nations Security Council--as the President himself suggested in a September 12 speech to the United Nations and as Secretary of State Colin Powell is now trying to do to obtain full and unconditional access for arms inspectors, and hopefully accompanied by a United Nations military force.  We should seek the complete destruction of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction and the means to deliver them. This approach should be our first option, not window dressing or an option to be dismissed out-of-hand. And we should do this not for idealistic reasons but because it is in our national security interests to do so.  Indeed, the benefit of pursuing a multilateral approach was seen clearly when Saudi Arabia suggested that, if the United States were working through the United Nations, it would grant U.S. forces access to its bases. Action against Iraq becomes much more complicated, from a military perspective, if there are no landing or flyover rights in other Arab countries; and managing the aftermath becomes much more difficult if we find the entire Arab world against us.  So I believe that if the United States fails in its efforts to compel Iraqi compliance with a United Nations inspection, verification, and destruction regime--either because other countries threaten a veto in the Security Council or the United Nations is unable to muster the muscle and will to enforce its own resolutions--then the United States, with or without willing partners in the international community, must be prepared to go it alone.  But we must be clear. If we go to war, it should be to force Iraq to disarm.  This time, too, it is critical that the United States stays the course on the war on terror.  In every book you read on Osama bin Laden, you see that he believed that we would never stay the course in a war against him. We would hit a camp once and then disappear. As happened before, we would go to Somalia, get into trouble in Mogadishu, and we would turn tail and run. Bin Laden bet on that. He cannot be right about that. We have much to do to win this war.  Many of those who perpetrated the September 11 terrorist attacks remain at large, including two-thirds of the al-Qaida leadership; the Taliban and its leader, Mullah Omar; not to mention thousands of terrorists sympathetic to al-Qaida worldwide, including in our own country.  Afghanistan remains a fragile and unstable country. The United States must continue our efforts to rebuild this country. We cannot repeat what was done to it since 1979. We must continue our efforts to rebuild Afghanistan, the Afghan economy, to assure that the Taliban and al-Qaida do not return to power there--because they will if they can. We must protect and stabilize the Government of Hamid Karzai. And any effort in Iraq must not detract from our war on terror.  The President has rightly pointed out that the war on terror will be a long and hard-fought battle, and it is not just against al-Qaida. It is Hezbollah, which equals al-Qaida in its reach, in its viciousness, in its malevolence, and its evil. We must not take our eye off this ball. The President must come forward to explain not only how we fight this two-front war without allowing one front to jeopardize our interests in the other, but also what we would do in the event of a major strike against Israel.  I have come to this floor before and indicated that there is ample evidence that rockets are being shipped out of Iran, through Syria and into southern Lebanon--Katyusha rockets with extended range anywhere from 8,000 to 10,000, to hit Israel's industrial zone north of Haifa, should we attack Iraq.  What do we do then? What is our commitment, and what will the other Arab States do? I think we ought to know this. I think as prudent leaders, as part of a debate in the greatest deliberative body in the world, we ought to know these things before going into it, so there are no surprises.  Finally, it is critical that if and as we consider any use of force against Iraq that we have a clear understanding of the aftermath. Who would do the rebuilding? Who would pay for it? Who would run any new government? And could that government provide security? Could it prevent a bigger and more brutal battle between the Sunni and the Shia.  That is not a question to overlook. Read the history on Iraq. You will see the brutality and the viciousness, the attack of one tribe on the other that has characterized Iraqi history from the time of ancient Mesopotamia. There are a lot of grievances out there to be settled, big grievances between the Shia majority and the ruling Sunni Baath party minority.  As General Shalikashvili made clear in his recent testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee, planning for a post-conflict situation, winning the peace, is every bit as important as planning for the conflict itself.  And until the planning for post-war Iraq is in place--and it is not now--we should not rush to initiate combat. In fact, every general with whom I have talked--and I have talked with several--has urged caution. Every general with whom I have talked, privately, believes this war could end up being much more difficult than some expect it to be.  So to simply rush ahead and authorize the President to use force now, before these questions are answered, and without an imminent threat--save what some hope to gain from this issue in the elections--would be a grave error.  Congress must debate these issues fully, thoroughly, on a schedule, and with a timetable driven only by the merits of the issues. We must then move forward to pass a resolution tailored to the specific circumstances and giving the President the proper authority he needs to safeguard U.S. national interests.  So much is at stake here. American lives are at stake. We do not know how many, but I know one thing: It is not going to be like the gulf war. This war will be in cities. This will be street to street and house to house. We might send in the B-2s, the B-52s and the 117s, and they might drop huge numbers of laser-guided missiles and precision bombs. We will kill a lot of people. And then do we risk what may happen with the chemical and biologicals squirreled away? Do they go up in those attacks? Or are they released over innocent people? I have never heard one person discuss this, and it is time that we do so.  We are not a mercenary nation. This is not our heart. It is not our soul. And we have never engaged in a preemptive attack on another sovereign nation.  It may well be that untold numbers of lives are at stake elsewhere in the Persian Gulf, in the Middle East, and yes, right here in the USA.  Matters of war and peace, of life and death, must not be held in the grip of shortsighted, partisan rancor. I for one refuse to make them so. I respectfully suggest the Administration do the same. The stakes are simply too high.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  