 President, stand on the threshold of passing perhaps the most important bill of the 107th Congress. S. 565 makes a long-overdue Federal investment in the most vital infrastructure our nation has: the infrastructure of democracy.  We have neglected this infrastructure for too long, and at our peril. Problems in Florida and elsewhere during the November 2000 Presidential election underscored the effects of our years of neglect.  I was pleased to see that President Bush's fiscal year 2003 budget request included $400 million for a revolving fund for States for election improvements, and additional funds projected through fiscal year 2005, for a total of $1.2 billion over 3 years. This is commendable, but I think it falls short of what we need.  S. 565 authorizes $3.5 billion through fiscal year 2006 to help States and localities:  Meet new Federal standards for voting systems;  Replace or upgrade voting technology;  Educate and train voters, election officials, and poll workers; and  Make polling places and equipment physically accessible to the disabled.  As Senator Bond and others have said, the new standards contained in S. 565 are meant to ``make it easier to vote, and harder to vote fraudulently.'' What a laudable goal.  Under the bill, voting systems must notify voters if they ``over vote''--that is, if they vote for too many candidates for a particular office or position. Voters must be given the opportunity to change their ballot, and verify that it comports with their wishes before casting it.  Voting systems must provide nonvisual accessibility for the blind and visually impaired. They must provide ballots in other languages for voters with limited proficiency in English.  The bill requires that voters be informed of their right--and be allowed--to cast provisional ballots if their eligibility is challenged at the polling place, and to find out if their votes are counted.  The bill also requires the States to develop statewide computerized and interactive voter registration lists both to make it easier to vote and to deter fraud.  To meet these requirements, S. 565 provides a 100 percent Federal match. There is no unfunded mandate here foisted on State and local governments. We give them the money they need to do what we ask them to do.  The bill comes at an absolutely crucial time for California. Last September, California Secretary of State Bill Jones ``de-certified'' the punch-card voting systems in nine counties, which collectively have 8.6 million registered voters. That's more people than the total populations of 39 States. The counties include:  Los Angeles (4 million registered voters);  San Diego (1 million registered voters);  San Bernardino (700,000 registered voters);  Alameda (700,000 registered voters); and  Sacramento (600,000 registered voters).  The other affected counties are Mendocino, Santa Clara, Shasta, and Solano.  Secretary of State Jones gave these jurisdictions until the November 2006 elections to upgrade their systems, presumably to ``touch screen'' machines, also known as ``Direct Record Electronic''--DRE--devices.  You can imagine what a challenge it will be to get new systems in place for so many voters. In Los Angeles alone, the cost is expected to be between $90 million and $100 million. In Sacramento, it will cost $20 million to $30 million.  But there is more: civil rights groups and other plaintiffs sued to move the date up from 2006 to 2004. Just 2 months ago, U.S. District Judge Stephen V. Wilson ruled in favor of the plaintiffs.  So these counties have about 2 years--less really--to get new systems. It is absolutely imperative that we pass this bill, work out a compromise with the House, and get Federal funds to these--and other--jurisdictions as soon as possible.  Last month, California voters approved Proposition 41, a $200 millionbond measure that will provide 3-to-1 matching grants to county governments for the purchase of new election equipment. So the State is doing what it can to fix this problem. But it can-not do it by itself.  With regard to the bill before us, I want to commend Senators Dodd and McConnell for their hard work in negotiating the compromise we will be voting on shortly. Fixing our election systems--fixing the infrastructure of our democracy--is not a partisan issue. The chairman and ranking member of the Rules Committee have done an admirable job. I am confident that the Senate will approve the compromise amendment overwhelmingly.  I am also grateful that the Senate saw fit to approve 2 of my amendments. I offered these amendments to address concerns my staff and I heard from California election officials, notably Bradley J. Clark, the Alameda County Registrar who serves as President of the California Association of Clerks and Election Officials, and Connie B. McCormack and Mischelle Townsend, the Los Angeles County and Riverside County Registrars, respectively.  My first amendment would task the Election Administration Commission--EAC--created under the bill with studying the technical feasibility of providing ballots and other election materials in eight or more languages. Section 101(a)(4) of S. 565 as amended significantly expands the Voting Rights Act--VRA--of 1965 requirement regarding the availability of voter registration and election materials in foreign languages.  The VRA currently requires the availability of voter registration and election materials in native languages for specified ``language minority groups'' if a certain threshold is reached: No. 1, more than 5 percent of the voting-age citizens within the jurisdiction are members of a ``single language minority'' and have limited English-proficiency; or No. 2, there are at least 10,000 such voters.  The VRA restricts the term ``language minority groups/single language minority'' to people who are American Indian, Asian American, Alaskan Natives, or of Spanish heritage.  S. 565, as amended, goes beyond the four categories above, and the registrars are concerned that it could require a larger jurisdiction like Los Angeles, San Francisco, or San Diego to prepare ballots and other election materials in languages not covered by the VRA without first assessing the need for such ballots.  We have school districts in these cities where 48 different languages are spoken.  In the November 2000 elections, Los Angeles County spent $2.2 million out of a total budget of $21 million to prepare registration materials and ballots in six languages: Spanish, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Vietnamese, and Tagalog--the native language of Filipinos.  According to the Los Angeles County Registrar, Ms. McCormack, each language costs about $250,000 per election, and she anticipates adding Cambodian for the November 2002 election.  She certainly does not want to disenfranchise any voter, nor would I countenance such an effort. But I think it is important for the EAC to study the technical challenges the multi-lingual ballot provision places on a jurisdiction like Los Angeles.  For instance, Ms. McCormack told my staff that while the technology is improving, it is still very difficult to devise ballots in ``character'' languages such as Chinese, even on the newer machines.  Prior to the November 2000 elections, she invited companies to bid on a contract to provide a limited number of machines with multi-lingual ballot capabilities. She drew just two bids.  Another chief concern I heard about is the requirement in Section 102(a) of the substitute amendment that appropriate election officials must notify a provisional voter in writing within 30 days if his or her provisional ballot is rejected, and the reason for it being rejected.  The goal--getting voters properly registered--is certainly worthwhile, but the requirement is administratively cumbersome for some jurisdictions. Los Angeles County, for instance, received over 100,000 provisional ballots in the November 2000 elections, and rejected close to 40,000.  In addition to notifying, in writing, those voters whose provisional ballots have not been counted, the amended bill reburies election officials in each jurisdiction to establish a ``free access system'' such as a toll-free number or an official Website that voters can contact to determine if their provisional ballots have been counted.  It strikes me that establishing the free access system, informing voters about it, and allowing them to find this information out for themselves is more manageable than requiring the written notification.  In either instance, I am concerned about protecting the privacy of the data that such a free access system would contain.  S. 565, as amended--Section 102(a)(6)(BN)--is silent on that point.  Identify theft is one of the Nation's fastest growing crimes. I felt compelled to offer an amendment to the bill--which has been adopted--to direct the appropriate State or local election officials to protect the security of the personal information contained in the free access systems that will be created.  I am pleased that the Senate also adopted the amendment senators Chafee and Reed of Rhode Island offered to ensure that State and local governments making multi-year payments for new voting equipment purchased prior to January 1, 2001 are eligible to apply for grants under this bill.  This amendment, as I understand it, ``grandfathers'' Riverside and Marin Counties so that they can tap into Section 203 grant monies to help them defray the cost of equipment they purchased prior to the November 2000 elections.  According to Ms. Townsend, the Riverside County Registrar, prior to the 2000 elections, Riverside County using Pitney Bowes for financing--purchased 4,250 touch screen machines from Sequoia, an Oakland manufacturer, at a cost of $14 million amortized over 15 years (for a total cost, including interest, of roughly $20 million).  The new DRE system was so successful that Riverside had one of the ten lowest voter error rates of all counties nationwide--less than one percent.  Ms. Townsend told my staff that much of the error rate was attributable to paper absentee ballots. ``Over-voting'' is impossible on touch screens, and ``under-voting'' is the prerogative of individual voters and, consequently, may not represent an error.  Riverside was the first county nationwide to rely exclusively on touch screens and is serving as a model for other jurisdictions. The county was commended in the report issued by the Election Reform Commission former Presidents Ford and Carter co-chaired.  Clearly, we do not want to punish Riverside County--or Marin County, which purchased DRE touch screen machines and precinct-based optical scanners in time for the November 2000 elections--for acting responsibly.  As I said a moment ago, I want to thank Senators Dodd and McConnell for accommodating my concerns. I think the amendments I offered and the Chafee-Reed amendment make an already outstanding bill even better.  While much of our discussion concerning specific provisions in the bill may sound arcane or parochial, there is also something much larger at stake here.  One hundred years ago, democracy was still very much a tenuous experiment around the world. Even in the United States, African-American men were largely disenfranchised and women still had to wait for 2 more decades before they could vote.  According to a 1999 report issued by Freedom House, in 1900, only 5 percent of the world's population had the right to elect their leader(s). Now, 58 percent of the world has this right.  In 1900, no nation elected its leader by universal adult suffrage; now, 119 nations do. That is 62 percent of all of the countries in the world.  According to the report, entitled Democracy's Century:       Like economic progress, political progress has been uneven.      But the general trends are hard to ignore. They reinforce the      conclusion that humankind, in fits and starts, is rejecting      oppression and opting for greater openness and freedom.  This report was published before the terrorist attacks on September 11. We have been reminded in a visceral way that enemies of freedom still exist. We have met those enemies on the battlefields of Afghanistan. The battle wenow wage is every bit as serious as the cold war. I fervently believe that freedom will win out. Democracy will continue its march. Respect for human rights will grow.  The newly established or emerging democracies of the world look to us for inspiration and for guidance. That is why it is so crucial that we pass S. 565 and set about mending our democracy.  I traveled abroad after the 2000 elections, and I heard an earful from foreigners. ``Don't lecture us,'' they said, and rightfully so.  While we were able to settle on the results peacefully, in our courts, the events surrounding that election shame us, diminish us in the eyes of those who aspire to be like us, and embolden our enemies, freedom's enemies.  On April 27, 1994, 43 million black South Africans--86 percent of the eligible voters--cast their first ballots. Can any of us forget the poignant images we saw on television back then of people waiting 8 hours or more to vote, of lines of voters seemingly stretching to the horizon?  Yes, democracy is on the march. But it is fragile. We have to protect and nourish it. Even here in America--especially here in America. We are a beacon to the rest of the world, especially to oppressed people everywhere.  We Americans have been complacent and neglectful with regard to our democracy. We have allowed the infrastructure that sustains it to fray around the edges. Our democracy has lost some of its marvelous luster. It is time to restore that luster.  