 President, I thank the Senator from Washington. I do not know anyone who has been more concerned about what has been happening with electricity markets than Senator Cantwell. She has really tried to help her constituents and the consumers in this area. I am very pleased she has been in the leadership of this amendment.  I particularly thank the Senator from Illinois, Mr. Fitzgerald, for straightening out the record from the perspective of somebody intimately involved in the banking industry.  Let me tell you how all of this boils down for me. It is this: Should some parts of this trading community essentially be exempt from any form of transparency, from recordkeeping or from oversight? That is the bottom line. We are not trying to do anything that is horrendous. All we are saying is they should have oversight, they should keep records, and there should be information for the public that the Commodity Futures Trading Commission would find to be nonproprietary. This is, in essence, all we are trying to do.  I have a hard time understanding how one has to have a large degree of sophistication in the industry to want to shed the light of day on some of these trades.  Maybe California was impacted by these trades and maybe California was not impacted by these trades, but I can tell you this: The price of electricity in California in 1999 was $7 billion. The price the next year was $27 billion. It went up fourfold. Something happened other than the fact there was a huge demand and no supply. There was trading.  We saw it with natural gas coming in to California. Natural gas prompts the price of electricity, and when it is $59 a decatherm in southern California and $8 a decatherm in New Mexico, when the cost of transportation from New Mexico to that place in California is only $1, one has to look at what has happened to boost that price way up.  So all we are saying is to put it back the way it was before. Give the CFTC jurisdiction.  It is being made light of that the CFTC does not support this action. The CFTC has three members. One of the members supports what we are trying to do, and his name is Thomas Erickson.  I will quickly read what he says.       This amendment would bring transparency to markets and      provide Congress and the public with the assurance that no      exchange offering energy commodity derivatives transactions      would go completely unregulated. Moreover, it would restore      to the Federal Government those basic tools necessary to      detect and defer fraud and manipulation. Therefore, I      strongly support the amendment.  That is one member of the regulatory body out of three members to whom we are trying to give this responsibility. So there is nothing nefarious about the amendment.  As I pointed out, all members of the FERC support the amendment, as well as the Chairman of the FERC, whose letter I read into the Record. They know something about these matters. They know what derivatives are. They know the transparency and recordkeeping and oversight.  Whether there was a carve-out for two or three companies or not, I am not going to comment because I do not know. I do know there is this one narrow exemption whereby all of these online trades go on not in the light of day but in the dark of night, so to speak. Nobody knows what they are. There are no records kept of them. Therefore, whether the CFTC thinks it has some jurisdiction or not does not really make a difference because they cannot go back and look at records of trades, compare them wholesale versus retail prices, and know whether there was any price manipulation or not. So sure, investigate. If there are no records, there is no evidence. Therefore, there is not much that is going to come from the investigation.  So all we are trying to say is because this has become a huge, burgeoning online business, subject it to all of the same regulations and oversight that every other part of the trading community has. It does not take a Philadelphia lawyer to understand that. I do think it benefits consumers, I do think it benefits responsible trading, and I do think it benefits a level playing field for everyone who is trading in these markets. I think it provides that level of consumer protection. Some people, say, oh, there is a reason why the NYMEX and the Chicago Board of Trade want it. They want to force everybody on their exchanges. No, not true. If it is easier to trade online, you can trade online, no problem with it, but there should be a record kept of the trades. There should be transparency, and information that the CFTC deems is not proprietary but should be in the public domain can, in fact, be in the public domain, and that, finally, there is some regulatory body that when there is an allegation of fraud would step in.  For example, I would like the CFTC to take a look at the California situation, evaluate the record and tell us, was there price manipulation? Was online trading of natural gas manipulated to artificially raise prices? They might try to do it now, but they would have no records on which to base any investigation. Therefore, that is what this amendment is all about.  Sure, I know there are people who do not like it. There are people who have tried to obfuscate about it, but is the consumer going to be better off because the light of day is shed on these trades in a market that is billions and billions of dollars? I think so. I cannot understand how anybody feels disadvantaged because there is transparency, there is oversight, or there is recordkeeping that is required in every single level of trading on any market that exists in America today.  So if anyone takes the time to read these letters, I think they will find we are doing nothing nefarious. We are simply trying to bring the light of day to provide a record and to provide some regulatory oversight to a huge, burgeoning market.  When I talked to Mr. Greenspan, and I did on two occasions, what he was concerned with was financial certainty. What I would say to him is this brings financial certainty. This lets everybody who trades online know there is some regulation. Just as you have regulation with FERC, if you deliver natural gas directly to an entity, if you are trading gas in between the delivery, there also is certainty--a certainty that one must keep a record, a certainty that the record can become public, and a certainty that there is some Federal oversight as there is everywhere else.  I see no reason at all why there should be this widespread exemption, particularly at a time when we have seen these prices escalate beyond anyone's expectation. Nobody could think that someone could be selling electricity at $30 a megawatt and overnight have that price go to $300 and then $3,000 without the opportunity for the light of day to be shed on it, and also have some records and some oversight.  It is a very simple thing we are doing. It existed before the year 2000. All we are saying is give the CFTC this oversight. It is supported by FERC. It is supported by the New York Merchantile Exchange. It is supported by the Chicago Exchange. It is supported by people who deal in electricity and natural gas, the municipal systems. It may not be supported by the banks that want to run an exchange in this secret way. It may not be supported by some who would like to see this anonymity continue. But if my colleagues believe that light of day is important, then please vote for this amendment.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Carnahan). The Senator from Idaho.  