 President, I wish to engage the chairman of the Committee on Rules and Administration, Senator Dodd, in a colloquy concerning the voting rights of thousands of American citizens, many of whom are members of the Good Sam Club, which is based in California.  The citizens to whom I am referring own recreation vehicles, RVs, and live in them year round. The number of full-time ``RVers'' grows larger each year. These individuals, most of whom are retirees, have sold their conventional homes and travel around the country year round in their RVs and mobile homes. Ostensibly, they do not have a permanent address.  While nobody can question these individuals' right to travel, the fact is that this lifestyle does create a series of logistical problems, particularly as it relates to their ability to establish a domicile. While they may not remain at any one location, full-time RVers must still register their vehicles, maintain a current driver's license, obtain insurance, have some kind of legal address, and pay taxes. They also have, or should have, the right to register to vote if they so choose.  Two years ago, the voting rights of over 9,000 full-time RVers who were registered to vote in Polk County, TX, was challenged in court. The plaintiffs in this case argued that since these individuals did not reside in Polk County on a permanent basis, they constituted a significant voting block of ``nonresidents'' that was likely to have an effect on the outcome of the election, and that their votes should be disallowed. Ultimately, the full-time RVers' constitutional right to vote was upheld in court, but future challenges are likely.  The legislation that we are considering today would establish an Election Administration Commission, EAC. Among other responsibilities, this Commission is mandated to conduct a number of studies on various election issues, and report its findings to the President and Congress. Does the Senator from Connecticut agree that, at the very least, the issue of full-time RVers voting rights would be a suitable topic for the Commission to study?  