 President, I rise to reaffirm my overall support for a Department of Homeland Security. And I remain convinced that it is still possible to reach a consensus on this critical issue, and that we must strive to do so before the end of this session.  However, after giving this matter a great deal of thought, I must stand in opposition to the provisions in the Gramm-Miller bill that would strip many of the protections afforded to employees of the new Department.  As it stands, the bill's language would take away rights from some 200,000 Federal employees, rights that have been available for decades to most of the Federal workforce.  None of us dispute that any organization, particularly one entrusted with such a vital mission as homeland security, can function properly only if its managers have the authority both to offer incentives to talented employees and to fire negligent or ineffective employees.  And despite a great deal of rhetoric to the contrary, such flexibility already exists under the current labor provisions that govern the Federal workforce.  This flexibility was granted under the terms of the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, allowing managers to: performance standards, and have the power to fire employees for performance failures as long as there is at least some plausible evidence.  In light of these facts, it is downright wrong to suggest that the Government cannot fire employees who, say, are drunk on the job or who commit crimes.  In fact, under current law, managers can remove such employees from their jobs immediately, while the employees' appeal can be settled definitively within 30 days.  Under current law, managers also have wide latitude in transferring, suspending, and reassigning employees, as well as in appointing candidates from outside the federal government to fill open positions.  On both sides of the aisle, there is virtual unanimity that any homeland security legislation must include a package of additional flexibilities regarding hiring, training, separation, and retirement. These additional flexibilities are in the Lieberman substitute.  And yet, the President has threatened to veto the Lieberman substitute, unless the Senate agrees to the labor provisions of the Gramm-Miller substitute.  Apparently, the President is willing to scrap crucial legislation to protect our country from terrorism if he is not given open-ended authority to abolish or limit federal employee rights and protections.  In my view, this threat is unnecessary, unwarranted, and highly unproductive.  And now the President has rejected a perfectly sound bipartisan compromise proposed by Senators Nelson, Breaux, and Chafee. This compromise, which I support, provides what he wants, management flexibility authority, and what the Federal Government requires, safeguards to ensure that he cannot abuse that power.  This amendment provides the President broad leeway to change the civil service rules governing hiring, promotions, dismissals, performance appraisals, classifications, and pay rates for Homeland Security Department employees.  At the same time, Federal employee unions could object. If the two sides could not agree on the changes, then the Federal Services Impasses Panel, a board of seven presidential appointees, would arbitrate.  This amendment allows the President to revoke an employee's rights to collectively bargain and to form unions, if that employee's duties materially change and these duties directly relate to intelligence, counter-intelligence, or investigations relating to terrorism.  In threatening to veto this compromise, the administration has tried to frame the debate in terms of national security.  For instance, the President's spokesman recently said that the compromise bill would prevent the president ``from making decisions based on national security, no matter how urgent a crisis we find ourselves in.''  I find it disturbing that the administration has suggested that putting any restriction on the President's authority to limit or abolish federal employee rights and protections somehow jeopardizes our national security.  The way I see it, the administration is getting it exactly backwards.  The administration's attempt to give the executive branch total authority to rewrite the civil service system without consulting anyone would not help protect our country. Indeed, it would leave it more vulnerable.  At a time of such massive restructuring of the federal government, it is absolutely critical that we maintain as much continuity as possible.  Yet the Gramm-Miller substitute's open-ended language would allow the President to eliminate, by fiat, many important workers' rights.  This would be a huge blow to the morale and productivity of many thousands of Federal employees, and would risk the loss of many highly qualified individuals to the private sector.  There is also a large percentage of workers who, if push comes to shove, can option for early retirement. This is no time for the federal government to suffer a so-called ``brain drain,'' and be forced to train novices from scratch.  In the middle of our war on terrorism, the last thing we want to do is lose experienced employees on the front lines of this war.  We are talking about employees at the Coast Guard, the Department of Defense, the Federal Emergency Management Administration, the Border Patrol, the Federal Aviation Authority, and other agencies.  We are talking about men and women who are working around the clock to prevent another terrorist attack and to protect our citizens.  I for one do not see any inherent clash between collective bargaining rights and homeland security.  For example, Department of Defense civilians with top secret clearances are long-standing union members whose membership has not compromised our national security.  And many of the heroes of September 11 were unionized. The New York City firefighters who ran up the Twin Towers did not see any conflict between worker rights and emergency response.  And let's not forget that Federal employees do not have the right to strike.  Why haven't supporters of the President's proposal not been able to identify one instance of a labor dispute which contributed to a breakdown in our national security?  I have heard from many Federal employees in California who would be affected by this legislation. I would like to share with you the words of just one.  Joseph Dassaro is a Senior Border Patrol Agent assigned to the San Diego Sector of our southern border. He has been an agent for ten years, and is President of the San Diego Chapter of the National Border Patrol Council. In his words: ``The loss of collective bargaining rights and civil service protections would force me to leave the Border Patrol. Simply put, without the union and the Civil Service Reform Act . . .''  ``I have no faith in the ability of the agency, or any subsequently created agency, to provide working conditions in which I can operate in the best interests of this nation. Additionally, based on the vast input I have received from the many agents I represent, I can assure you that [if the President's proposal is enacted], Border Patrol attrition rates would more than double . . .  ``At record levels, agents are applying for local police positions in Southern California. Recently, the San Diego County Sheriffs [Department] interviewed over twelve agents from one Border Patrol station. Not only do these agencies offer better pay, incentives, and working conditions, they also offer an environment which rewards merit and seniority.''  Mr. Dassaro, along with the hundreds of thousands of other Federal employees, has been working day in and day out to keep our country secure.  I do not know why the administration wants to take fundamental rights and protections away from these patriotic Americans. We should not be attacking job security under the guise of national security.  This debate on homeland security should not be an exercise in scoring political points at the expense of labor protections for Federal employees, protections that are already in place atvirtually every other Federal agency and which have functioned smoothly for many years.  Which is why I ask my colleagues to vote against the anti-union provisions in Gramm-Miller, while urging the Bush Administration to reconsider the compromise offered by Senators Nelson, Breaux and Chafee.   