 This bill is co-sponsored by Senators Gordon Smith, Daschle, Jeffords, Clinton, Hutchison, Mikulski, Snowe, Boxer, Collins, Landrieu, Chafee, Murray, Lincoln, Stabenow, Cantwell, Carnahan, Schumer, Torricelli, Ben Nelson, Johnson, Reed, Breaux, Corzine, Leahy, Reid, Kerry, and Bill Nelson.  Today, cancer is the Nation's second cause of death, trailing heart disease. Over the next 30 years, cancer will surpass heart disease and become the leading cause of death as the baby boomers age.  This bill represents a comprehensive national battle plan to reenergize the Nation's war on cancer, a war begun when President Richard Nixon on January 22, 1971 proposed to Congress that we launch a war on cancer.  That commitment was a critical first step. But it is clear that we must take further steps to address the scourge of cancer in every respect.  The bill we are introducing today is the product of more than 3 years and hundreds of hours of work.  I am the vice-chair of the National Dialogue on Cancer. In discussions with cancer experts from this group, it became clear to me that the National Cancer Act of 1971 was out of date.  We are now in the genomic era, on the cusp of discoveries and cures that we could only have dreamed about in 1971. The science of cancer has advanced dramatically with the revolution in molecular and cellular biology creating unprecedented opportunities for understanding how genetics, environmental risk factors, and lifestyle factors relate to cancer. The explosion in knowledge about the human genome and molecular biology will enable scientists to better target cancer drugs.  I believe the opportunity for new drugs is so bright, we might well find a cure for cancer in my lifetime.  With these advances, I thought it was time to update the National Cancer Act of 1971 to reflect these advances in science.  I asked John Seffrin, CEO of the American Cancer Society, and Dr. Vincent DeVita, Director of the Yale Cancer Center, to form a special committee of cancer experts to provide recommendations on a battle plan to conquer cancer.  The committee produced an ambitious plan and what I tried to do was take the most important components, given the current budget situation, and develop a piece of legislation that could pass the Senate.  On November 7, 2001, President George Bush commended the work of the committee when he wrote, ``The journey ahead will not be easy. But 30 years ago, no one would have imagined coming as far as we have. Working together, we will take the next steps necessary to defeat this deadly disease.'' I invite him today to join me in taking these steps.  Finding a cure for cancer is a very personal goal. I lost both my father, Leon Goldman, and my husband, Bert Feinstein, to cancer. I saw its ravages firsthand, and I experienced the frustrations, the difficulties, and the loneliness that people suffer when a loved-one has cancer. I determined that I would do all I could to reduce the number of people who go through this devastating experience.  And it is my great hope that this legislation will help do just that, and enable us to find a cure for cancer in my lifetime.  This may in fact be the most important thing I do in the Senate.  There are several reasons we need a major attack on cancer. Much has changed since 1971. The way we prevent, diagnose, treat, conduct research, and understand cancer has changed dramatically.  Cancer is a disease of aging and as the American population ages, cancer incidence will grow by 29 percent by 2010 and cancer deaths by 25 percent. The number of Americans over age 65 will double in the next 30 years.  Since 1971, survival rates for some cancers have improved, while others have not. More and more people live with cancer. Compared to 1971, twice as many people, 8.9 million in 1997, are living with a history of cancer.  Since 1971, more cancer care has moved from inpatient to outpatient settings. Some families find themselves virtually becoming nurses to their loved ones in their homes.  Since 1971, more research is collaborative, between the public and private sectors, and more cancer research requires a multi-disciplinary approach.  Since 1971, the biotechnology industry has blossomed and provided a broad array of new treatment options, promising even more innovations in cancer care.  Since 1971, computer technology and communications have expanded and increased in complexity, making the accessing and transmitting of information more widespread, more readily available and transforming research methodologies.  While the science of cancer has seen revolutionary change, there are still many gaps in the system, especially from the patient's perspective.  Just three months ago, the President's Cancer Panel in their report titled, Voices of a Broken System: Real People, Real Problems, told us that cancer is an ``equal opportunity'' killer, but if you are poor, uneducated, or isolated you are doubly disadvantaged in America. They said, ``Access to appropriate cancer care is the crucial fundamental step needed to relieve the desperate physical suffering, financial devastation, and loss of dignity so many people endure when cancer is diagnosed.''  Take cancer screening, for example. Cancer screening can reduce cancer mortality. While many screening tools have been developed, screening rates are still low, especially for colorectal cancer. Screening technologies have improved, but cancer screening rates vary by cancer site, by population group, and by health insurance coverage.  Another ``hole'' in the system: Fewer than 5 percent of adult cancer patients participate in cancer trials. Among the elderly, the population most likely to get cancer, only 3-4 percent participate. Drugs cannot be brought to patients without clinical trials.  The quality of cancer care is uneven and often based on the pure coincidence of where one lives. According to the President's Cancer Panel, ``People living in rural, frontier, geographically isolated and impoverished inner city areas suffer the most from the uneven distribution of cancer care resources and providers. . . .'' Many studies show that many cancer patients do not receive optimal care.  Additionally, the cancer care workforce will face severe shortages, particularly in long-term care settings.  The pipeline of medical researchers is threatened with, the number of young physicians entering medical research declining.  Over 44 million Americans have no health care insurance and those that do have uneven coverage. The President's Cancer Panel says that at least 31 million Americans have inadequate coverage.  The National Cancer Act of 2002 takes a multi-pronged approach to winning the war against cancer. Here's what the bill will do:  The advances in science that I spoke of earlier on the human genome and molecular biology have thus far produced medications that can target cancer cells and leave in tack healthy cells.  This legislation would enable the National Cancer Institute (NCI) to fundup to 40 percent of grants over 5 years, up from the current level of 28 percent. Why is this important? The research is what will bring the cure.  NCI now funds 4,500 research project grants at nearly 600 institutions every year. This represents 28 percent of the 16,000 grant proposals NCI receives. NCI scientists think funding 40 percent will allow them to fund the most promising grants. At 28 percent, it does not happen.  Funding basic research is a full frontal assault on cancer, which will lead to more breakthroughs, more treatments, and ultimately, I believe, to a cure.  We now have drugs, like Gleevec for Chronic Myeloid Leukemia and Herceptin for breast cancer, that can target and destroy cancer cells while leaving healthy cells unharmed.  Patients, who were considered terminal, have taken Gleevec and were able to get out of their beds and leave the hospice within days of treatment. After one-year of clinical trials for Gleevec, 51 out of 54 patients were still doing well. With 4,500 Americans diagnosed with Chronic Myeloid Leukemia a year, the potential for this drug is tremendous.  And just this month, Gleevec was approved by the FDA to treat another cancer Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors, suggesting that the potential for this drug may be even greater than we hope.  The bill authorizes funds for new and existing research centers to conduct translational, multidisciplinary cancer research, and to establish networks linking translational research centers to community cancer providers, hospitals, clinics, doctors' practices, particularly in underserved areas.  The purpose of this provision is to greatly accelerate the movement of basic research to the patient, from the ``bench to the bedside,'' so that we can conduct more clinical trials.  Clinical trials test the safety and efficacy of drugs, devices or new medical techniques. They are required for FDA approval. These trials require thousands of participating people to help determine if drugs are safe and effective.  But clinical trials are expensive. They involve many people, who often have to travel to a cancer center; they involve staff time and careful monitoring and recordkeeping. The drug industry says it costs on average $500 million to develop a drug; a November 2001 Tufts University study puts the cost at $800 million. Whatever it is, it is expensive.  The bill includes several steps to expand clinical trials, those research projects that require thousands of people to determine whether new drugs are safe and effective.  First, the bill will provide $100 million per year for new grants for what is called ``translational'' research, work that moves promising drugs from the ``bench to the bedside.''  Right now, there are many new drugs under development that are stuck, as though in a funnel, because we have not put the resources into having the people-based research to test those drugs. There are approximately 400 new drugs that are held up in the development process because the resources are not available to fund clinical research to test those drugs.  For every one drug approved, 5,000 to 10,000 were initially considered. The entire process can take as long as 15 years. NCLAC said it takes 12 to 14 years to bring one drug from discovery to patients.  Second, the bill will require insurers to pay the routine or non-research costs for people to participate in clinical trials, while the drug sponsor would continue to pay the research costs. California already requires this coverage by private insurers.  Third, the bill requires the National Cancer Institute to establish a program to recruit patients and doctors to participate in clinical trials. Dr. Robert Comis, President of the Coalition of National Cancer Cooperative Groups, has said that eight out of ten cancer patients do not consider participating in a clinical trial. They are unaware that they might have the option. He also has found that physician involvement is key.  We must work all we can to make both physicians and patients more aware of the importance of participating.  Currently, only 4 to 5 percent of adult cancer patients participate in clinical cancer trials. But Research America polls found that 61 percent of Americans would participate in a clinical trial.  We should heed the example of what is called the ``pediatric model.'' Over 60 percent of children with cancer participate in clinical trials. Children in these trials get optimal care, with an overall physician manager or ``quarterback.'' The five-year survival rates for children with cancer have increased significantly.  In the 1960s, childhood leukemia could not be cured. It was a death sentence. Today, 70 percent of children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia enter remission. This is but one example of the power and importance of clinical trials. An investigational treatment yesterday is standard treatment today.  Only by injecting new funding into cancer research will we enable cancer researchers to conduct the trials that are necessary to bring promising new drugs to market.  Scientists say we will stop defining cancer by body part, like breast cancer or prostate cancer. Because everyday we are understanding better the genetic basis of cancer and can focus drugs on molecular targets, we may have, for example, 50 different kinds of breast cancer, defined by their genetic basis. As NCI's Dr. Rabson has said, ``As we've come to understand the molecular signatures of cancer cells, we can classify tumors according to their genetic characteristics.''  This means that we need to create incentives to encourage companies to make these targeted drugs because as we redefine cancer, we will have smaller numbers of people who have that particular kind of breast cancer. Companies are often reluctant to make drugs for small patient populations.  This legislation would provide tax and marketing incentives to encourage pharmaceutical companies to produce ``orphan drugs,'' or drugs targeted to small patient populations.  Beginning with Gleevec and continuing into the future, drugs will target a narrow genetic or cellular mutation.  While this holds great promise for patients, it also means that the number of treatments will proliferate, thereby segmenting cancer patients into smaller and smaller populations. In some cases, this will mean that pharmaceutical companies--for strictly financial reasons--may not want to produce a given drug.  This provision would create incentives for those companies to produce and market the drugs targeted to patient populations of less than 200,000.  The impact: This will help to ensure that patients receive the highest quality care, even when the number of people faced with a particular type of cancer is small.  The bill will create a new initiative to train more cancer researchers. Specifically, it will (1) pay off the medical school loans of 100 physicians who commit to spend at least 3 years doing cancer research; and (2) boost the salaries of postdoctoral fellows from $28,000 to $45,000 per year over 5 years.  Every year, young physicians and researchers avoid the field of cancer research because, frankly, they feel they can make more money elsewhere. This provision will help reverse that trend and add thousands of men and women on the front lines of the fight.  The physician-scientist is endangered and essential, concluded a January 1999 study, showing that the number of first-time M.D. applicants for NIH research projects has been declining. The study, published in Science, said, ``. . . fewer young M.D.'s are interested in or perhaps prepared for careers as independent NIH-supported investigators.''  Young doctors and Ph.Ds do not want to go into cancer research because they can make more money elsewhere. Graduating physicians have medical school debt averaging $75,000 to $80,000. Because of the low pay to be a physician-scientist, these doctors cannot afford to go into research.  Postdoctoral fellows, who conduct the bulk of day-to-day research, receive pay that is neither commensurate with their education and skills nor adequate. To attract the best and the brightest to the field of cancer research, we need to pay them more than $28,000 to start.  The National Academy of Sciences in September 2000 called for increasing their compensation.  All too often having cancer is a lonely and frightening experience. Cancer patients have a team of doctors, from the primary care physician to the radiologist to the oncologist. Patients need one doctor to be in charge.  The Institute of Medicine told the Senate Cancer Coalition in our June 16, 1999 hearing that the care that cancer patients get is all too often just a matter of circumstance: ``. . . for many Americans with cancer, there is a wide gulf between what could be construed as the ideal and the reality of Americans' experience with cancer care . . . The ad hoc and fragmented cancer care system does not ensure access to care, lacks coordination, and is inefficient in its use of resources.'' The Institute of Medicine study on the uneven quality of health care says, ``Health care today is characterized by more to know, more to manage, more to watch, more to do, and more people involved in doing it than at any time in the nation's history.''  The bill will require plans to pay doctors, preferably oncologists, to become the overall managers of patients' care, what I call a ``quarterback physician,'' to be with the patient from diagnosis through treatment to prevent the patient from being forced to navigate the medical system alone.  I developed this concept after meeting Dr. Judy Schmidt, a solo-practicing oncologist from Montana. Dr. Schmidt cares for her patients from diagnosis to treatment, and she is really a model for doctors across the nation to emulate.  This ``quarterback physician'' would provide overall management of the patient's care among all the providers. Someone would be in charge. This provision could save money because good coordination can reduce hospitalization costs.  The bill also authorizes $8 million to the Agency for Health Care Research and Quality to convene cancer experts, providers, patients and other relevant experts to coordinate the development of practice guidelines for optimal cancer care, prevention, palliation, symptom management and end-of-life care.  People cannot get good health care if they have no way to pay for it, if insurance plans, public and private, do not cover the basics like screenings for cancer.  My bill will require public plans, like Medicare and Medicaid, and private insurance plans to cover five services important to good cancer care: (1) cancer screenings; (2) genetic testing and counseling for people at risk; (3) smoking cessation; and (4) nutrition counseling.  The coverage added by this bill is important to preventing cancer. Here's an example: On January 31, we read reports of a promising new screening test for colon cancer that can find extremely small traces of cancer in patients' stool, offering an entirely new approach to finding colon cancer, which kills 48,000 Americans annually and is often found too late to cure.  Mammograms, pelvic exams, reducing fat in the diet and stopping smoking--all of which could be enhanced by this bill--can stop cancer before it is too late.  Because too many Americans have no way to pay for their health care when cancer strikes and because seven percent of cancer patients are uninsured, the bill also requires the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study of the feasibility and cost of providing Medicare coverage to individuals at any age who are diagnosed with cancer and have no other way to pay for their health care.  Medicare already covers care for people of any age who have End Stage Renal Disease and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, Lou Gehrig's Disease. This study could provide helpful guidance to the Congress.  Because no assault on cancer is complete without a strong cancer prevention component, the bill provides funds and requires the Centers and Disease Control and Prevention to prepare a model state cancer control and prevention program; expand the National Program of Comprehensive Cancer Control plans and to assist every state to develop a cancer prevention and control program.  The bill also authorizes $250 million to expand the Center for Disease Control and Prevention's breast and cervical cancer screening program and authorizes $50 million for CDC to begin screening programs for colorectal cancer.  Today, 16 states now have cancer plans and 16 states are creating or updating their plans. States could use these funds to promote cancer education and prevention, improve registries, study disparities and other uses.  Because of the aging of the American population, we face a virtual explosion of cancer in the coming 30 years. The number of cases will double. But the sad fact is that we do not have enough nurses and other health care professionals to take care of this expected rise in cancer patients.  My bill will provide $100 million for loans, grants and fellowships to train for the full range of cancer care providers, including nurses for all settings, allied health professionals, and physicians. The bill requires that these applicants have the intention to get a certificate, degree, or license and demonstrate a commitment to working in cancer care.  In nursing alone, those critical people on the front line of care, we face a national nursing shortage in virtually every setting, say many experts, which will peak in the next 10 to 15 years unless steps are taken. By 2020, the RN workforce will be 20 percent short of what is needed. My home state of California ranks 50th among registered nurses per capita.  And it's not just nurses. The Health Resources Services Administration says that the demand of health care professionals will grow at twice the rate of other occupations.  Cancer is primarily a disease of aging. As the baby boomers age, there will be more cancer. Cancer care is becoming more and more complex as technology improves. Skilled providers, from the nurse assistant to the oncologist are needed to administer the complex therapies. This bill should provide some help.  Cancer cannot be conquered without addressing smoking and the use of tobacco products. Smoking causes one-third of all cancers, and is the cause of approximately 165,000 deaths annually.  Over the past two decades, we have learned that tobacco companies have manipulated the level of nicotine in cigarettes to increase the number of people addicted to their product.  There are more than 40 chemicals in tobacco smoke that cause cancer in humans and animals, according to the CDC. Tobacco smoke has toxic components, as well as tar, carbon monoxide and other dangerous additives.  The cancer community is united in the belief that the single most important preventive measure is to place tobacco products under the regulatory control of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).  It is long past time to reduce the addictive nature of cigarettes and curtail the marketing of these products to young people--I believe that empowering the FDA to regulate tobacco will help do that.  The U.S. Surgeon General and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have unequivocally demonstrated that, for example, anti-smoking campaigns can reduce smoking, a major cause of cancer.  California is a good example: My state started an aggressive tobacco control program in 1989 and throughout the 1990s, tobacco use dropped at two to three times faster than the rest of the country.  Ninety percent of adult smokers being before age 18 and every day, 3,000 young people become smokers.  This bill will provide meaningful regulation by the Food and Drug Administration of the content and marketing of tobacco products, especially the addicting and carcinogenic components. Dr. C. Everett Koop, former U.S. Surgeon General, and Dr. David Kessler, former Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, wrote in their 1997 report, cited FDA and other studies and said: ``Nicotine in cigarettes and smokeless tobacco has the same pharmacological effects as other drugs that FDA has traditionally regulated . . . nicotine is extremely addictive . . . and the vast majority of people who use nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco do so to satisfy their craving for the pharmacological effects of nicotine; that is, to satisfy their drug-dependence or addiction.''  They recommended: ``FDA should continue to have authority to regulate all areas of nicotine, as well as other constituents and ingredients, and that authority should be made completely explicit.''  I am pleased that to note that even the Philip Morris Companies has acknowledged the need for FDA to regulate tobacco. On their website, they say:       We believe federal legislation that includes granting FDA      authority to regulate tobacco products could effectively      address many of the complex tobacco issues that concern the      public, the public health community and us.  It is long past time to reduce the addictive nature of cigarettes and curtail the marketing of these products to young people. This bill gives FDA the power to regulate tobacco products' content, design, sale, and marketing.  The bill requires the NCI and the National Institute for Environmental Health Sciences to one or more strategic plans to intensify research in the following areas: quality of life for cancer patients and survivors; symptom management for patients and survivors; palliative care and pain management; health disparities for racial and ethnic minorities; cancer prevention; behavioral research associated with causing and preventing cancer; environmental risk factors for cancer and gene-environment interactions; new imaging and early detection technologies and methods; and cancer survivorship.  Patient advocates and others have called on NCI and other institutes to develop a broad and responsive portfolio.  Experts say we need to learn more about cancer survivorship. People used to die quickly of cancer, but today, more and more are living with cancer, as many as nine million Americans. Kathleen Foley of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center said, ``While we work to cure the many types of cancer, nothing would have greater impact on the daily lives of cancer patients and their families than good symptom control and supportive therapy.'' Charles S. Cleeland, of the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, said in the June 20, 2001 Washington Post, ``We need a new research agenda that focuses on alleviation of disease-related distress.'' The National Cancer Policy Board of the Institute of Medicine last year recommended that NCI conduct more research on palliative care.  This is an example of an area that needs more emphasis. While NCI's work has brought huge advances in understanding, preventing and treating cancer, there is no question that we could do more.  For eight years I have co-chaired the Senate Cancer Coalition. We have held eight hearings on cancer. With each hearing, I become more and more convinced that we can conquer cancer in my lifetime.  Polls by Research America show that the public wants their tax dollars spent on medical research and that in fact people will pay more in taxes for more medical research.  When Beatle George Harrison died in December of cancer, a Maryland nursery school teacher, Jennifer DeBernardis, said: ``All the fame and fortune and talent doesn't save you from something like cancer.'' Cancer impacts everyone. Everyone knows someone who has had cancer or will have cancer.  I am thoroughly convinced that if we just marshal the resources, we can conquer cancer in the 21st century. Let's begin. The road ahead is long and treacherous. But if we all work together, I honestly believe we can do it.  