 President, I rise today to introduce the ``CLEAN-UP Meth Act,'' a bill to address illegal and environmentally disastrous methamphetamine production.  I am pleased to submit this bill on behalf of myself, Senator Hutchinson of Arkansas, and Senator Kohl.  Essentially, this bill would help our Federal, State and local governments combat methamphetamine on a number of levels, from production to clean-up, prosecution to prevention.  The legislation would accomplish this with two key components: First, the bill would allocate $125 million for important training and cleanup efforts, including training local law enforcement to effectively clean up meth lab and dump sites. And second, we would make it much harder for meth dealers to get the precursor pseudoephedrine products necessary to make this illegal drug.  Once predominantly found in the American Southwest, methamphetamine's presence now stretches from coast to coast. Once predominantly found in rural areas, its harmful effects now extend from our smallest towns to our biggest cities.  For instance, the number of clandestine meth labs discovered in North Carolina has doubled every year for the past four years.  In New Orleans, police in the Jefferson district seized a total of 828 grams of methamphetamine in all of the year 2000. Last year, they seized more than ten times that amount, 9,003 grams, with a street value of more than $1 million.  I'm sorry to say that my home State of California has been referred to as the ``Colombia of meth production.'' In fact, our State is known as the ``source country'' for the drug, producing roughly 80 percent of the Nation's methamphetamine supply. According to the DEA, 1,847 clandestine meth labs were found last year in California alone.  Each of these 1,847 labs in California, and each of the labs scattered around this Nation near schools, on farms, in trailer parks and in quiet suburban neighborhoods, creates a whole host of dangers and toxic waste.  The actual production of methamphetamine is harmful in a number of ways. First, the hazardous chemicals used in meth production are toxic, and long-term exposure is damaging. Furthermore, the materials can also be explosive and dangerous. Production using these volatile materials has resulted in countless accidents, houses and even apartment buildings burned to the ground, explosions that scatter chemicals and flames, and chemical reactions that cause untold damage to the individuals involved in meth production or simply living in the same household, individuals that, too often, include children.  Meth production also poses risks to the health of the surrounding public and environment. According to the National Drug Intelligence Center, NDIC, for every pound of meth produced, five to seven pounds of hazardous waste results from the production as well. Meth producers dump this waste anywhere and everywhere, from nearby ditches to public lands, from pits dug in the middle of a farm to rivers and lakes.  One private contractor hired to clean up meth-related hazardous dump sites in California responded to more than 500 calls in 2000 alone. And one of those dump sites was located along the banks of the California Aqueduct, which is a direct source of water for Los Angeles.  NDIC investigators have found also found toxic chemicals discarded intohousehold drains and storm drains. And the precursors used to make meth, and the toxic byproducts, may last for years in the soil. Decontaminating these sites is what makes clean-up so expensive, with costs ranging from $5,000 to $150,000 per site. State police in Baltimore, MD claim that its costs taxpayers nearly $75,000 each time a meth lab must be cleaned up. According to the DEA, that agency spent more than $22 million cleaning up 6,609 labs nationwide.  These extraordinary costs simply cannot be maintained on the local level without Federal support. These costs are proof of why Federal funding for such valuable efforts is necessary.  So the first thing this legislation would do is help law enforcement as well as the public pay these important costs, by providing millions to help clean-up labs and train law enforcement authorities to properly and safety do this important work.  Specifically, the CLEAN-UP Meth bill would provide: $15 million for clean-up and remediation of meth contaminated lands managed by the Departments of Agriculture or Interior; $15 million for Department of Agriculture grants to State and local governments and to private persons to clean up meth contaminated lands; $20 million for OSHA grants to local law enforcement agencies for training and equipment for the safe identification, handling, clean-up and disposal of meth labs; and $10 million for Department of Labor grants to local law enforcement agencies to help them comply with Federal laws regarding cleanup and disposal of meth labs.  Second, this legislation includes resources to help State and local officials prosecute meth offenses, educate the public, and study the effects of meth use.  Methamphetamine is so prevalent partly because it is simple to make and is profitable. Producers of meth range from people with advanced chemistry degrees to those who are self-taught. Recipes are easily available in books as well as over the Internet.  The drug does not have to be smuggled in across secured international borders. Fifty percent of the Nation's consumed methamphetamine is produced right here in our country. In fact, the basic ingredients can be found in your local pharmacy. These relatively inexpensive materials can be used to create a drug that fetches much higher prices. For example, ounce quantities are worth between $1,500 and $2,000 and can be sold to individual users for about $100 a gram in crystallized powder form that can be smoked, snorted, swallowed or turned into liquid and injected. According to the Office of National drug Control Policy, ONDCP, methamphetamine users spent nearly $6 billion on the drug in 1999.  Methamphetamine is also highly addictive. Known on the street as crank, speed, ice and zip, methamphetamine is cheaper than cocaine, more addictive than crack and causes more brain damage than heroin or alcohol. A single dose of this ``poor man's cocaine'' can keep a person awake for three to four days at a time and has been associated with paranoia and often violence. In California's Central Valley, methamphetamine has become the drug of choice and a principal cause of crime.  I firmly believe that law enforcement officials cannot effectively fight this drug and its harmful effects unless we provide them with the proper resources. Already this year, police in Oklahoma City have seized 115 meth labs. Law enforcement officials there have attributed these seizures to the support from Federal grants.  Keith Cain, a sheriff in Daviess County, KY also claims that Federal funding has proved to be crucial to the war against meth. According to Cain, ``Without that money, we would not have been able to be as proactive as we've been.''  Last year, the federally funded Central Valley High-Intensity Drug Trafficking project to restrict the supply of the chemical agents used in making the deadly drug was showing impressive results. A team of specialists from local drug units, the California Highway Patrol, DEA and FBI averaged one bust a week of the clandestine ``super labs'' that had made the Central Valley the national center for the production of methamphetamine. These triumphs were the direct result of federal funding and proof that allocating Federal resources is imperative to progress.  However, since September 11, agents have been removed from the project and transferred to anti-terrorism work. The lack of drug enforcement resources has created a strain on the project and threatens the progress it has had combating methamphetamine.  It would be a tragedy to California and the country if we lost all of the progress this program and others like it have made in the war on meth simply due to a lack of resources. Programs like this one have proven to be effective and need our continued support.  Our bill would provide: $20 million for training of State and local prosecutors and law enforcement agents for prosecution of meth offenses, $5 million of which will be dedicated for rural communities and $2 million to reimburse the DEA for existing training programs; $10 million additional for training at the DEA's Clandestine Laboratory Training Facility in Quantico, VA; $2 million for the Department of Justice for the collection, aggregation and dissemination of meth lab seizure stats by the El Paso Intelligence Center, EPIC.  Third, we address the problems of our children. Raids and seizures of clandestine meth labs have been instrumental to the war on meth and have uncovered a number of alarming issues, but none more troubling than the effect meth production has on the children of meth dealers and their friends.  Drug rings and meth trafficking organizations found throughout the American West have been linked to Mexican drug traffickers as well as white supremacist groups. Last year, for instance, law enforcement authorities in Los Angeles County uncovered a sophisticated meth trafficking ring that includes suspects with tattoos of Nazi swastikas and belong to a local gang called the ``Untouchables.'' During police raids of their meth labs and headquarters, agents seized nearly $500,000 in cash and more than 100 high-powered weapons, including assault rifles and a grenade launcher.  Earlier this year, Central Valley investigators raided a methamphetamine super-lab in a farmhouse on the outskirts on Merced, CA. Inside, investigators found vats of toxic chemicals, large supplies of pseudoephedrine used in producing meth and three illegal firearms.  Yet, the most disturbing part of this story is that while the manufacturers were engaged in the potentially explosive process of extracting pure methamphetamine, four small children watched television in the next room. The children were taken to a local hospital and tested positive for methamphetamine contamination.  I would like to say that this is a rare case. However, this story is no exception. In 2001, 1,989 children were found in clandestine meth labs, materials storage sites and dump sites across the country.  The CLEAN-UP Meth Act would provide $2.5 million for grants to states for treatment of children suffering adverse health impacts from meth-related exposure.  The bill also includes $20 million for the development of anti-methamphetamine education programs in our nation's schools. Informing and educating our children on the dangers of this drug is the first step in reducing the number of new users of methamphetamine.  In addition to the funding provisions of the bill, which were introduced by Representative Ose in the House, this legislation also contains language to close the ``Blister Pack Loophole'' in current law, which currently allows meth dealers to purchase unlimited quantities of pseudoephedrine products, generally cold and sinus medication, as long as it is packaged in blister packs, those tin foil and plastic packages most of us buy these days, which require that each pill be separate rather than simply poured into a bottle.  Our current law limits retail sales of bottled pseudoephedrine to just 9 grams, because we found several years ago that meth dealers would go into a pharmacy, a Costco or other large store, sweep the shelves clean of cold medicine, bring the bottles back to the lab, cut off the tops of the bottles without even bothering to unscrew the caps instead, and pour the pills out as the first step to making meth.  When we passed the 9 gram threshold, and before that the 24-gramthreshold, for bottled pills, I made the case that if limits were placed on bottles only, meth dealers would simply start buying blister-packed pills instead. At the time, some argued that blister packs were simply too unwieldy for meth manufacturers to bother with, the process of popping individual pills out of each blister would be too time consuming. But we had evidence from California that dealers were already using these blister packs, so as a compromise we asked the DEA to conduct a nationwide study of whether blister packs posed a problem. Well, guess what, they do.  According to the report we requested from the DEA, which was finalized late last year, blister packaged pseudoephedrine products seized at clandestine methamphetamine laboratories and other locations, such as dumpsites, have involved seizures of over a million tablets. The seizure of so many blister packaged pseudoephedrine products shows convincingly that blister packaging is not a deterrent to ordinary, over-the-counter pseudoephedrine use in clandestine methamphetamine laboratories.  Indeed, the report even includes information about automated machines whose sole purpose is to remove pills from blister packs on a massive scale. These machines have been found in meth labs, along with hundreds, even thousands, of empty blister packs.  So clearly, what we argued in 1999, and in 1996, is true. Meth manufacturers are using blister packs, and something must be done to stop them as best we can.  In order to address this problem, DEA recommended in the report it released late last year that the blister pack loophole be closed, and that the current retail sales limit of 9 grams for bottled pseudoephedrine be extended to blister packed products as well. And that is what this bill would do.  The meth problem is not just a California problem, or a New York problem, or even an Iowa problem. The meth problem is a national problem, with tragic consequences across this great country. Without a continuing, nationwide, relentless effort on the part of the Federal Government, this problem will continue to grow and to infect our children and our communities with the scourge of methamphetamine production and use.  I believe DEA Director Hutchinson put it best this spring when he argued in support of Federal efforts to crack down on meth. ``It clearly impacts every one of our districts, every segment of our society and every age group.''  I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and join the latest step towards progress in our war against methamphetamine.  