 President, I rise today in strong support of increasing funding for HIV/AIDS prevention, care and treatment programs in the developing world.  The funding put forward in this amendment is essential to assisting resource poor countries in confronting the HIV/AIDS pandemic.  The HIV virus has infected over 40 million people worldwide, with over 95 percent of those infected living outside of the United States.  HIV/AIDS is now the leading cause of death in sub-Saharan Africa. In sub-Saharan Africa alone, an estimated 25.3 million people are living with HIV/AIDS and 2.3 million died of HIV last year alone.  Unless we take a leading role in the international community in the fight against HIV/AIDS, it is possible that sub-Saharan Africa will be wiped-out, with profound political, economic, social, and security consequences for the United States.  AIDS is a major problem not only in Africa, which has received so much attention in the press, but also in India, Southeast Asia, China, to name but a few countries impacted.  The AIDS pandemic is devastating, and quite literally wiping out, many countries.  According to some analysis, AIDS will reduce economic growth by up to 1 percent of GDP per year and consume more than 50 percent of health budgets in the hardest-hit countries.  The world has not seen an epidemic of this severity since the bubonic plague, and it is going to take everyone in the global community, working together, to halt the spread of the HIV virus.  There can be little doubt that HIV/AIDS is a health emergency of monumental proportions.  I believe that the United States has a responsibility to assist resource poor countries in gaining the funding necessary to provide people infected and affected by HIV/AIDS with access to the services, such as drug therapy, necessary to save lives.  It is clearly in the interest of the United States to prevent the further spread of HIV/AIDS.  This is not just a humanitarian issue, but also one of global security. In 2000, the National Intelligence Council reported that new and reemerging infectious diseases will pose a rising global health threat and will complicate U.S. and international security interests over the next 20 years.  A CIA commissioned study by the State Failure Task Force found that a high infant death rate is one of the best indicators of impending instability and state collapse.  The global HIV/AIDS crisis is certainly an emergency and worthy of funding as an emergency designation as part of the Fiscal Year 2002 Appropriations Supplemental. It is an emergency for the people of sub-Saharan Africa. It is an emergency for the people of West Africa. It is an emergency for the people of India.  Let's invest more funding in these countries now before we have to add more countries to the growing list of countries experiencing an emergency due to the HIV/AIDS crisis.  