 The Secretary can do this. As a matter of fact, in 1995 I implored Secretary Glickman to do just this, and he did it. The problem, I say to those opposed to this amendment, is that every year you have to go and lobby; every year you have to try to see that this company and others similar to it are able to get enough sugar. That is not right. Sugar programs should not operate this way.  Awhile ago, we asked GAO to take a look at the sugar program. The GAO came up with exactly what we are proposing today. Let me read a couple of things. Some of the 40 designated countries have been provided an export allocation when they no longer export sugar. According to the GAO, on average, from 1993 to 1998, 10 out of the 40 countries were net importers of sugar. These countries are not exporting sugar because clearly they are importing sugar.  Some countries have similar allocations under the quota despite dramatically different levels of sugar exports. For example, Brazil and the Philippines are both allowed to export around 14 percent of the total quota, but Brazil exports 21 times more sugar than the Philippines worldwide.  In my view, it is unacceptable that sugar quota allocations have not been revised for two decades, despite dramatic changes in the ability of many countries to produce and export sugar.  Is there a way to update the sugar export amounts allowed into the United States without adversely impacting domestic growers? I believe there is, and the amendment I have offered would provide this change.  Incidentally, I would like the Record to reflect that Senator Gregg is a cosponsor of this amendment, if I may.  The United States has imported on average, as I said, about 3 percent less sugar than the quota allowed from 1996 through 1998 because some countries did not fill their allocations.  Now the question was asked in the caucus today by the distinguished Senator from Louisiana, What would happen to price if this amendment were passed?  Let me again quote the GAO:       USTR's current process for allocating the sugar tariff-rate      quota does not ensure that all of the sugar allowed under the      quota reaches the U.S. market.       The current allocation has resulted in fewer sugar imports      than allowed under the tariff-rate quota. From 1996 through      1998, US raw sugar imports averaged about 75,000 tons less      annually than the amount USDA allowed USTR to allocate under      the tariff-rate quota.  The final quote from the GAO is this:       Because the shortfalls in the tariff-rate quota reduced US      sugar supplies by less than 1 percent, they had a minimal      effect on the domestic price of sugar.  So what I am saying is you can have a system that allows domestic refineries to buy sugar that they need from countries that are not using their allocated quota, and this will have a very slight, if any, mark on the domestic price of sugar. What is dreadfully unfair is to have a situation where domestic refineries, hiring men and women who live in this country, that want to refine sugar are prevented from doing so by a bill where the allocations and the quotas have not been revised in two decades.  So I am asking the Senate to please permit this small change in the sugar program.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  