 President, the amendment I call up is a very modest amendment to the renewable fuels provision in the Senate energy bill. It will simply delay the implementation of the ethanol mandate for 1 year. That would move it from 2004 to 2005.  The purpose of the amendment is to give States more time to make essential infrastructure refinery and storage improvements. This amendment will provide the Senate with the opportunity to make an essential modification to the current bill since virtually every State outside of the Midwest will have to grapple with how to bring in more ethanol over the next several years.  Although the ethanol industry says they can meet future demand, virtually every expert has told me that delivery interruptions and shortfalls are likely, if not inevitable, and yet we are tied to bring in a specific amount. In 2004, the Nation will be forced to use 2.3 billion gallons of ethanol. There is insufficient transportation infrastructure to ship large amounts of ethanol to the east and west coasts, and a temporary reprieve is essential to develop the infrastructure, especially when the infrastructure demands for ethanol are far more complex for ethanol than for MTBE.  Here is why infrastructure is so important. Moisture causes ethanol to separate from gasoline. So the fuel additive cannot be shipped through traditional gasoline pipelines. Ethanol needs to be transported separately by truck, boat, barge, rail, and then blended into the gasoline at the refinery site after it has arrived.  Yet it will not be so easy to transport ethanol by truck, boat, or rail from the Midwest and blend it once it is transported, unless adequate facilities can be built.  According to the California Energy Commission, the adequacy of logistics to deliver large volumes of ethanol is not consistent. A recent report sponsored by the California Energy Commission predicts there will be future logistical problems since the gasoline supply system is currently constrained with demand exceeding the existing infrastructure capacity.  In fact, inadequate infrastructure recently led the Governor of California to push back the start date of the State's ban on MTBE to 2004 from 2003. California does not have the ethanol infrastructure in place to meet the oxygenate requirement under current law once MTBE is banned. The Governor had little choice because California's predicted gas prices at the pump would double if the MTBE ban went into effect as planned in 2003.  This is due in part to the lack of infrastructure. It is also because once MTBE is removed, California needs 5 to 10 percent more gasoline with ethanol. Here is why.  MTBE helps reduce the amount of gasoline needed to make a gallon. Ethanol, however, does not go as far as MTBE, so it increases the amount of gasoline needed to make a gallon. Once we have phased out MTBE, the difference is estimated by experts to require 5 to 10 percent more gasoline in every gallon of gasoline that is produced with ethanol--5 to 10 percent more.  California's refining capacity is at capacity. It is 98 percent, which is capacity. Therefore, we cannot refine 5 to 10 percent more gasoline under the present refining conditions. Therefore, not only are there going to have to be massive improvements in the ability to bring ethanol into the State, but there have to be massive changes made in the refineries themselves, and this is going to take time. Somehow we are going to have to bring online additional refining capacity to handle the tripling of ethanol that is required over the next 10 years by this bill.  This is one of the reasons, from a California perspective, the ethanol mandate is worse for California than for any other State, and for California it is going to spike the cost of gasoline.  Let there be no doubt, we have troubles even the way things are with gasoline supply. As a matter of fact, gas in California is going up. One of the reasons is refinery outages, the shortage of gasoline. That is a very real problem.  This additional year, from 2004 to 2005, will give all States, and especially the east coast and west coast States, an additional year to solve some of these problems.  Before forcing three times the amount of ethanol we currently produce in our fuel supply, I sincerely urge the Senate to adopt this amendment to allow those States that have problems, of which ours is prime, to be able to develop the terminals, the trucks, and the barges to bring in ethanol and the refinery changes that are going to be necessary to produce more gasoline, as well as to absorb ethanol into the situation.  Let me summarize. In the past days, we have made the following points: That the Senate bill requires 5 billion gallons of ethanol by 2012. The mandate will force California to use 2.68 billion gallons more of ethanol than we need to meet clean air standards.  We have proven, I think, that this is a hidden gas tax of anywhere from 4 to 10 percent, and the infrastructure shortfalls in California will most likely put the gas tax hike above that. We have shown there are transportation and infrastructure problems. We have shown there is a dangerously high market concentration.  We point out Archer Daniels Midland has a 41 percent market share. The Wall Street Journal this morning contains a very interesting article on this very subject entitled ``ADM Used European Wine For Ethanol.'' It shows how recent evidence has been uncovered to suggest that ADM engaged in bid rigging, which is a form of price fixing, with respect to European ethanol brought into the United States.  So giving any company a large concentration of market share can also produce exactly what we went through with Enron. We have shown that ethanol has mixed environmental and health benefits. It does decrease carbon monoxide. However, it increases nitrogen oxide emissions, or NOx, which will increase smog in my State and in other States.  We have demonstrated there will be less revenue to the highway trust fund because gasoline is taxed at 18.4 cents to provide funds for our roads and bridges, but fuel blended with ethanol is only taxed at 13.1 cents. Therefore, this mandate will create an unbelievable $7 billion shortfall in the highway trust fund, and it will provide every State in the Union less dollars to build roads, bridges, and transportation infrastructure.  We have shown, and Senator Boxer did this eloquently, that the safe harbor provision of the bill prevents legal redress if ethanol and other fuel additives harm the environment, because itremoves the unsafe product liability cause of action. That is the one cause of action that sustained the cases in California brought on MTBE, and this bill removes it for ethanol.  Why is this in there? Because the oil companies wanted liability protection or they would not go along with the deal that was cut. So they were given liability protection and no one can bring an unsafe product cause of action against ethanol.  We have shown that ethanol is not a renewable fuel because some scientists believe it takes 70 percent more energy to make ethanol than it saves using it, and we have shown that the ethanol mandate will largely benefit producers, not farmers.  Producers will get 70 percent of the benefit; farmers, 30 percent according to one report. We have shown what this amounts to is a massive transfer of wealth.  The bottom line is the ethanol provisions of this bill are a very bad deal and that mandating 5 billion gallons of it, a tripling of it, by 2012, which never had a hearing in the Energy Committee, never saw the light of day before the deal was put together in secret and apparently a majority of the Senate is going to support it, we ask one thing, and that is that California and other States that need it, on the east coast and on the west coast especially, be given one more year to increase the refining capacity, to improve the infrastructure, to see that the terminals are in place and that we can, in fact, triple ethanol and have enough gasoline to supply our need.  It is my understanding the junior Senator from California would like to ask a question.  