 President, on Camp David, let me quote Dennis Ross, President Clinton's Middle East envoy and a person who literally carried out thousands of hours of negotiation. He said:       Let me give you the sequence [of events], because I think      it puts all this in perspective. Number one, at Camp David we      did not put a comprehensive set of ideas on the table. We put      ideas on the table that would have affected borders and would      have affected Jerusalem.       Arafat could not accept any of that. In fact, during the 15      days there he never himself raised a single idea. His      negotiators did, to be fair to them, but he didn't. The only      new ideas he raised at Camp David was that the temple didn't      exist in Jerusalem, it existed in Nablus . . . So he was      denying the core of the Jewish faith there.  On the eruption of the Intifada:       After the summit, he immediately came back to us and he      said, ``We need to have another summit,'' to which we said,      ``We just shot our wad. We got a no from you. You're prepared      actually to do a deal before we go back to something like      that.''       He agreed to set up a private channel between his people      and the Israelis, which I joined at the end of August. And      there were serious discussions that went on, and we     were poised to present our ideas the end of September, which      is when the intifada erupted.       He knew we were poised to present the ideas. His own people      were telling him they looked good. And we asked him to      intervene to ensure there wouldn't be violence after the      Sharon visit, the day after. He said he would. He didn't lift      a finger.  On a final plan in December:       Now, eventually we were able to get back to a point where      private channels between the two sides led each of them to      again ask us to present the ideas. This was in early      December. We brought the negotiators here.       The ideas were presented on December 23 by the President,      and they basically said the following:       On borders, there would be about a 5 percent annexation in      the West Bank for the Israelis and a 2 percent swap. So there      would be a net 97 percent of the territory that would go to      the Palestinians.       On Jerusalem, the Arab neighborhoods of East Jerusalem      would become the capitol of the Palestinian state.       On the issue of refugees, there would be a right of return      for the refugees to their own state, not to Israel, but there      would also be a fund of $30 billion internationally that      would be put together for either compensation or to cover      repatriation, resettlement, rehabilitation costs.       And when it came to security, there would be an      international presence, in place of the Israelis, in the      Jordan Valley.       These were ideas that were comprehensive, unprecedented,      stretched very far, represented a culmination of an effort in      our best judgment as to what each side could accept after      thousands of hours of debate, discussion with each side.       Arafat came to the White House on January 2.  Mr. President, it was January 2, just before President Clinton left office.       Met with the president, and I was there--  ``I'' being Dennis Ross--     in the Oval Office. He said yes, and then he added      reservations that basically meant he rejected every single      one of the things he was supposed to give.       He [was] supposed to give, on Jerusalem, the idea that      there would be for the Israelis sovereignty over the Western      Wall, which would cover the areas that are of religious      significance to Israel. He rejected that.       He rejected the idea on the refugees. He said we need a      whole new formula, as if what we had presented was non-     existent.       He rejected the basic ideas on security. He wouldn't even      countenance the idea that the Israelis would be able to      operate in Palestinian airspace.  This is commercial aviation.       You know when you fly into Israel today you go to Ben      Gurion. You fly in over the West Bank because you can't--     there's no space through otherwise. He rejected that.       So every single one of the ideas that was asked of him he      rejected.  Dennis Ross then went on to say:       It's very clear to me that his negotiators understood this      was the best they were ever going to get. They wanted him to      accept it. He was not prepared to accept it.  Then on why Arafat said no. Dennis Ross said:       Because fundamentally I do not believe he can end the      conflict. We had one critical clause in this agreement, and      that clause was, this is the end of the conflict.       Arafat's whole life has been governed by struggle and a      cause. Everything he has done as leader of the Palestinians      is to always leave his options open, never close a door. He      was being asked here, you've got to close the door. For him      to end the conflict is to end himself.  Now, he was asked the question on whether Arafat believed he could get more through violence. This is how Dennis Ross responded. And I quote:       It is possible he concluded that. It is possible he thought      he could do and get more with the violence. There's no doubt      in my mind that he thought the violence would create pressure      on the Israelis and on us and maybe the rest of the world.       And I think there's one other factor. You have to      understand that Barak was able to reposition Israel      internationally. Israel was seen as having demonstrated      unmistakably it wanted peace, and the reason it wasn't      available, achievable was because Arafat wouldn't accept it.       Arafat needed to re-establish the Palestinians as a victim,      and unfortunately they are a victim, and we see it now in a      terrible way.  