 President, I rise today to express my support for trade promotion authority. My decision to support this bill has not been an easy one. I respect the opinions of my colleagues who do not support trade promotion authority and I share many of their concerns.  However, two issues have changed my thinking on this matter: the necessity of trade promotion authority to conclude multilateral trade deals and the substantive worker protection provisions contained in the bill.  Therefore, I believe we must grant the President the trade promotion authority to reclaim U.S. leadership in the global trade arena and provide him the support he needs to conclude multilateral trade agreements that will benefit California and the United States as a whole. And, as this bill does, we must do so in a way that provides protection and support for workers who may be displaced from their jobs due to increased globalization.  I have long supported free trade. Like many of my colleagues, I believe that expanding free trade and the exchange of goods, ideas, and services across the global marketplace is vital to the success of American industries, the creation of new jobs, and the economic well-being of all Americans.  My home State of California, which ranks among the top economies in the world and leads the country in exports, has greatly benefitted from past free trade agreements and stands to gain even more from future negotiations.  Now, I understand that many of my colleagues will point out that this administration and its predecessor have concluded and signed trade agreements since fast-track expired in 1994. No doubt this is true and no doubt it will continue to be true.  Yet those agreements have been bilateral trade agreements. Many bilateral agreements have been signed without fast track authority.  One recent and noteworthy example is the United States-Jordan Free Trade Agreement. I voted for that agreement and I believe it is important tool to advance the cause of peace and stability in the Middle East.  But while the United States-Jordan Free Trade Agreement is politically vital, economically it is rather small bilateral trade between the two countries is approximately $600 million.  Multilateral negotiations, on the other hand, such as those aimed at establishing a Free Trade Area of the Americas or the Doha round of global trade talks, involve far more countries, far more negotiators, and far more billions of dollars worth of trade.  As former Deputy U.S. Trade Representative Richard Fisher told me, our trade negotiators need fast track to tackle the difficult, complex, and diverse issues that inevitably arise in multilateral talks and get our partners to put the best deal on the table. Without it, we simpliy can't close out these deals.  If our partners know that they will have to negotiate with Congress after negotiating with the administration, the most sensitive issues, and the keys to unlocking new and expanding markets, will be taken off the agenda.  Imagine if you were a party to a multilateral trade negotiation and you knew that a final agreement would be open to amendment by the U.S. Congress. You would never agree to put your best offer on the table and you would never agree to sign any agreement if you thought that the deal you negotiated--one that would provide multiple benefits to both sides--would be change.  So, fast track becomes an imperative, if multilateral agreements are to be negotiated successfully.  But we must also remember that some workers and some firms do suffer as a result of increased trade and we have an obligation not to leave them behind as global trade moves forward.  So protection for workers is important and vital to any trade promotion authority bill.  Consequently, I support the robust and expanded trade adjustment assistance package that will assist those workers in their time of need and help them find new jobs. Since 1962, trade adjustment assistance has been a bridge between the global economy and the local economy.  Let their be no doubt that this bill is a step forward for American workers. It provides assistance, training, and support for workers as they move into a new career. Specifically, the bill expands eligibility for benefits to secondary workers such as suppliers and downstream producers who lose their jobs or may lose their jobs due to a loss of business with a firm whose workers are TAA certified; extends income support from 52 to 78 weeks; provides a 70 percent advanceable, refundable tax credit to help TAA workers make COBRA payments; increases assistance for job relocation and job searches; increases the training budget to $300 million; establishes a wage insurance program to provide support to older workers who lose their job due to trade and are forced to take a lesser paying job; establishes trade adjustment assistance programs for farmers, fisherman, and communities affected by trade, and finally; establishes a training program through the Small Business Administration for TAA-certified workers on how to start their own business.  Finally, let me turn now to my role as a Senator from the State of California. California is like no other State. It is the fifth largest economic engine in the world with a $1.33 trillion economy. From high tech to agriculture, California is a leader in the U.S. and the global market, and it has greatly benefitted from free trade initiatives.  In 2001, 14.6 percent of U.S. exports came from California, totaling $106.8 billion, tops in the Nation. Exports support more than one million jobs for Californians.  Yet if California is to maintain its status as a global economic leader, our businesses and working people must have access to new and expanding markets around the world. Trade promotion authority, as I have indicated, is an important tool in that effort.  Global trade is with us. We simply can not ignore that fact. Turning inward, building barriers, and shutting out the outside world is not realistic. We must deal with globalization and we must deal with it in a way that enhances the ability of American exportsto reach new and expanding markets, while at the same time promoting respect for labor rights and the environment and ensuring that no worker is left behind.  Trade promotion authority is the best vehicle for Congress and the administration, working as partners, to build an effective trade agenda that advances U.S. interests at home and abroad.  