 The amendment deletes this particular renewable fuel mandate from the bill.  This is a tripling of ethanol. It may be fine in the Midwest where all the facilities that produce ethanol are located, but for those of us on the west coast and those of us on the east coast, it is truly egregious.  One of the reasons it is egregious is that we don't have the infrastructure to really accept it. Another reason is that, for many of us, our gasoline is already reformulated and already meets clean air standards and therefore we are forced to use a specific product, ethanol, way in excess of what is necessary.  Sure, we want to be relieved from the MTBE oxygenate requirement. But to replace it with a renewable fuels requirement that mandates a tripling of this additive on States that do not need it imposes some very substantial detriments.  I would like to read from the letter from the Governor of California. I know there are a lot of people who are experts on California in this body, but I think the Governor's position also bears scrutiny. He points out that:       While the [California Energy Commission's] Fall 2001 survey      indicated that there may be adequate ethanol production      capacity in the Midwest to meet California demand, both the      [California Energy Commission] and its independent experts      concluded that the infrastructure necessary to deliver      ethanol and distribute it within California is not in place.      Specifically, they pointed out the following problems:       Lack of unit-train off-loading facilities for ethanol in      California; lack of storage tanks at distribution terminals;      inadequate rail and marine capacity for handling ethanol;      inadequate facilities to transport ethanol from marine      terminals to inland distribution points.       Furthermore, the two-year delay in the decision by the      federal government on California's request for a waiver of      the oxygenate requirement has delayed completion of the      infrastructure changes necessary to make a successful      transition to ethanol within our current timeframe.  It also goes on to point out that:       California's Air Resources Board reformulated fuel      standards--so critical to California's air quality--make it      nearly impossible to replace gasoline with supplies from      other states. In 2004 and 2005, a more stringent federal      reformulated fuel standard begins to phase in, which will      make it easier to import cleaner burning gasoline from      other states and maintain California's strict air quality      standards.  The point is, we can do a lot of this without tripling of ethanol.  The letter goes on to point out California has:       Limited refining capacity--California refineries have been      running at operating rates approaching 95 percent of their      nameplate capacity which, in effect, means California's      refineries are operating at maximum levels now. Without new      capacity, California cannot replace the volume lost by      replacing MTBE with ethanol. In 2005, the Longhorn pipeline      and other pipeline projects will be completed, freeing up      California fuel that is now being shipped to Arizona.  The point of this is that ethanol absorbs more gasoline. It needs more gasoline. MTBE needs less gasoline.  California's refining plants are at capacity. Therefore, it cannot refine enough gasoline to take the amount of ethanol that we are required to take under this bill. That is the rub. It is a kind of strict mandated formula all across the Nation.  I can't believe people think this is good public policy. I can't believe people think the lack of flexibility in this policy is good for all States. Every State is in a different position with respect to ethanol. Some can absorb it. Some can't. Some need it. Some don't.  It seems to me that the key is the clean air standards in the Clean Air Act. If you can meet those clean air standards in other ways, good policy would allow a State to have that capacity.  This, in essence, is a selfish public policy. It is selfish just for a specific area of the United States that produces it, that has the plants there, that has the producers there, and, therefore, has adequate supply and adequate infrastructure. That is why we will move to delete this from the bill. Obviously, we don't expect to win it, but we expect to make the case. And I believe we have.  After this amendment is considered, it will be my intent--if I need to wait, I will wait--to call up the 90-day waiver amendment, which Senator Daschle has offered, and also the amendment which would produce a 1-year delay in the mandate which Senator Daschle has said he is agreeable to, and see what happens with these two amendments.  By and large, as somebody who has been in public life for 30 years now, as a lifelong Californian, to be part of a body that places my State in this kind of jeopardy in terms of loss of revenues from the highway trust fund, which is probably the most vital Federal appropriations we have, from a State that produces much more in taxes than we get back in services from the Federal Government, and to create a loss in the highway trust fund, and in all probability a gas tax hike--the Senator from Iowa particularly criticized us using a study to show the gas tax.  The reason we don't agree with the Energy Information Office study is because the Energy Information Office study does not account for problems with infrastructure or market concentration as criteria in evaluating any impact that this would have on increased fuel prices.  I see the Senator from New York on the floor. I know he wishes to sum up as well.  