 President, I take a moment to respond to the statement of the Senator from Nevada.  The point I was trying to make, to the Senator from Nevada, is that manipulation does occur in metals. Clearly, it did. Obviously, there was no online trading at that time. Everybody knows that. The fact is, these remain three major cases of market manipulation. It doesn't only happen in energy; it can happen in metals as well.  The key point is, if the Reid amendment is successful, metals will be the only exemption. Why should metals be the only exemption? I don't think they should. We know you are covered if you deliver the commodity directly to another individual. We know FERC covers that. We know you are not covered if you are swapping or trading against risk. We also know there is great uncertainty as to whether, with energy, there is coverage.  I purposely read the letters from the Swaps and Derivatives Association because they say two different things. In one statement they say these areas do remain within the CFTC jurisdiction; they turn around in a March 11 opposition letter and say exactly the opposite.  The time has come to have certainty, to see that energy and metals are covered. Let me say once again, who can object to there being antifraud and antimanipulation oversight? No one. Who can object to saying you have to keep records of trades, online trades, even if you are not directly delivering the product, if you are swapping to hedge against risk, for example? Why shouldn't you keep a record and have an audit trail on what you are doing so that people know? Why shouldn't there be some provision for capitalization of these trades based on risk, and the CFTC would decide a level of risk and the level of capitalization?  This past week, I was just reading another article of a company that would go down because it was swapping. There was no capitalization, Peter came home to pay Paul, and there was nothing there. So the company is going to go bankrupt. It was another major company.  It seems to me, rather than create uncertainty, our amendment creates certainty. It says to the world, to everybody, energy and metals are not the only two that enjoy an exemption. Energy and metals, for derivative online trading, are covered by the CFTC. It is a small amendment. I have been so surprised at the amount of opposition. It convinces me more that something must be going on. There has to be a reason that people want to do this trading in the darkness. There has to be a reason that they do not want to keep records. There has to be a reason they do not want to subject themselves to any kind of capitalization requirement.  That was the situation with Enron. Enron went bankrupt. Enron lobbied for this amendment. Enron lobbied the House to be excluded, to have metals and energy excluded from the bill passed in 2000. Immediately after the bill passed in 2000, gas began to spike in California. That says volumes to me.  Once again, I think we are on the side of the angels, to let consumers see what is going on. If the consumers buy through the Chicago Mercantile, there is a record. If the consumers buy through the New York Mercantile, there is a record. With any other kind of transaction, there is a record. Why should this huge, burgeoning new area of online trading have an exception and not keep these records?  Again, let me be specific. If the product is delivered, if I buy gas from you, and you deliver that natural gas to me, we are covered by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. If we are trading or swapping and there is no delivery, there is no record kept.  Why does FERC support this amendment? Why do all of the FERC Commissioners support this amendment, including the Chairman? They know this is a loophole. They know it should see the light of day.  I control time until 3:45, if I understood correctly.  