 President, I rise today to pay tribute to a great Californian, Chauncey Veatch, whom I am very proud to know. Chauncey Veatch has been bestowed the highest honor available to teachers; he has been named the 2002 ``Teacher of the Year.''  I have had the honor of meeting Chauncey Veatch on two occasions. First when he became California's Teacher of the Year, and then again today. I could tell from my first meeting with Mr. Veatch that California was lucky to have a teacher like him in the State. His love for teaching and genuine concern for his students was apparent from the way he spoke about his classroom, students, and community.  Mr. Veatch did not always know he wanted to be a teacher. He came to teaching later in his career. He first spent 22 years in the Army infantry and medical services corps, working as a medical administrator.  After retiring in 1995, Mr. Veatch decided to follow in his siblings footsteps and become a teacher. He currently teaches social studies at Coachella Valley High in Thermal, California. The overwhelming number of his students come from migrant families, and nearly all of his students are Spanish-speaking. Mr. Veatch speaks Spanish to communicate with many of his students and to show respect for their culture.  His students and colleagues know Mr. Veatch as a courteous, tireless worker. He goes the extra mile for his students and his community. It is not uncommon for Mr. Veatch to spend hours after school helping students get caught up on their course work or to get ahead. One of his migrant students had to work with his family until November. A place was saved for him in the classroom, and Mr. Veatch worked with him everyday after school to make sure he caught up with the rest of the class. This is just one example of the many students he has helped.  Mr. Veatch's former principal, Rick Alvarez, said of his colleague: ``Believing our students can succeed is not a desire or a facade, but is actually something Chauncey lives. This caring can be seen in his eyes and heard in his voice and felt in his presence, and mostly seen in his actions.''  Chauncey Veatch said in the Rose Garden yesterday as President Bush presented him with his award, ``If you'd like to be a part of America's tomorrows become a teacher today.'' Mr. Veatch is a living example of the difference each person can make in the life of a child. Along side him at the ceremony were two of his students whose lives he has touched and undoubtedly changed. His students are his legacy, as he commonly refers to them as his ``kids.'' Through his actions, it is apparent to me that the terms ``kids'' is not only used a word to describe his classroom, but really how he thinks of his students. They are like family.  From Army Colonel to ``Teacher of the Year,'' I am proud to know you Chauncey Veatch and to call you a Californian. In Mr. Veatch's words, ``There is nothing more rewarding, nothing more patriotic than teaching. It is truly a joy and honor to be a teacher. This award belongs to my students.'' 