  How is this a good provision for the energy bill? How does it even justify the rest of the energy bill? I don't think it does.  How can you cost States this enormous amount? How can you force a tripling of ethanol when you don't know all of the environmental effects? How can you force it when you know the effect is increasing NOx which increases smog? How is that good legislation?  It may well be that some ethanol is good. The problem is tripling it. It is forcing ethanol where it isn't needed. It is forcing ethanol with a potential deterrent to health, to the environment, and to the highway trust fund.  I have a dramatic difference of opinion with respect to this bill. I believe that any shortfall in supply, because of manipulation, which we know is possible because just a small number of producers control the market--this is Enron redux; therefore, they will have unusual market control over price--will be exacerbated because the State will be reliant on ethanol coming from another region.  According to a recent report issued by the GAO, 98 percent of ethanol production is located just in the Midwest. I don't have a problem if the Midwest wants to use it; that is fine with me. The problem is as a matter of public policy pushing it here and pushing it there where States don't need it.  As you can see, if you can't pipe it, you have to truck it or barge it or rail it. Where is the infrastructure? How do you get these billions of additional gallons required to California? What if some of the plants aren't built?  With the electricity crisis in California, it is very interesting; there were a number of new electricity generating facilities that were going to come online. The economy dipped. Some of them aren't built. Companies have financial reverses, and they don't build.  What is to say that is not going to happen with ethanol? Who is to say that all of the facilities the ethanol supporters believe will be there will actually be there?  Who is to say there will not be price spikes? Who is going to say there is not going to be an increase in the gas tax? Who is to say we are not going to lose $7 billion from the highway trust fund and that that is not going to result in 300,000 less jobs in this country? How is that good public policy?  I think it is unconscionable public policy. It is selfish public policy. It is parochial public policy to the nth degree.  I must tell you, to me, this ethanol mandate overcomes everything else in the bill because I do not know any driver--California has some of the longest commutes in the Nation. Drivers sometimes fill their tanks three times a week. Some of our drivers travel 2\1/2\ hours in the morning and 2\1/2\ hours in the evening from the Central Valley to the coast to work.  What does that do to the price of gas? It is a huge tax increase. It would be hundreds of dollars a year at 10 cents a gallon. So nobody should think that you are not voting for a tax hike when you vote for this bill.  I think that I have covered it except I want, just once again, to repeat these losses for States. We have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 States that are big losers as to the highway trust fund: California, Texas, New York, Pennsylvania, Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Georgia, Michigan, and New Jersey. As the distinguished Senator from New York has said, they are going to be forced to pay higher gas prices, to lose money for the trust fund, to put something in their gasoline that they do not need that increases pollution and may well have a detrimental environmental effect.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  