  We have lost a unique and gifted man, who embodied not only the independent spirit of his home state, but one that resides at the very heart of the American soul.  A few years ago, when speaking on this floor about the loss of his legislative director, Paul claimed that ``sometimes the only realists are the dreamers. . . .''  In many ways he could have been referring to himself, the cerebral political science professor willing to stand alone, when necessary, for what he believed.  He had the common touch, and was an impassioned speaker, noted as much for his big heart as for his sharp mind.  Elected as the only new Senator in 1990, Paul's crusading voice would not have had the same impact in the House of Representatives as it did in this Chamber.  Only in the Senate could he have helped to lead the successful opposition, in 1991, to an energy bill that would have opened the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil exploration, or five years later force a vote on a minimum wage increase.  For two terms he fought tirelessly for increased funding for education at every level, healthcare that was accessible and affordable for all Americans, sweeping campaign finance reform, and farm legislation that sought to protect the small farmers.  While he was, on the one hand, an ideological liberal, willing to speak with his conscience, Paul was also able to work with Republican colleagues on many occasions, and he was responsible for passing important bipartisan legislation, most notably the expanded insurance coverage for mental illnesses, with Senator Domenici.  But Paul Wellstone's commitment to social justice did not stop at our borders. He was an outspoken champion of the poor and the powerless around the world, in Latin America, Asia and Africa.  I remember when, back in 1996, I voiced concern over the plight of women and girls under the reactionary rule of the Taliban, Paul was one of the few who was receptive to the need for the United States to respond to such violations.  In 1999, Paul and I introduced the ``International Trafficking of Women and Children Victim Protection Act,'' which established an interagency task force to monitor and combat trafficking, provided assistance to other countries that met minimum international standards, and withheld U.S. non-humanitarian assistance to countries that failed to meet these standards.  To his eternal credit, it is worth noting that Paul had originally introduced his own bill, which contained much tougher criminal provisions and stronger protections for victims.  He was a leading advocate for Tibetan autonomy, able to work closely with his ideological nemesis, Jesse Helms. In fact, the last time I worked with Paul was in cosponsoring an act to safeguard the cultural, religious, and ethnic identity of the Tibetan people and to encourage further dialog between the Dalai Lama and the Chinese Government.  We must not forget that the world has also lost Sheila, Paul's wonderful wife of almost 40 years, and a passionate campaigner against domestic violence, and for the need to create violence-free families. Hers was a noble cause, a critical fight, that must be continued.  Minnesota has produced some of America's most eloquent, committed, and honorable leaders. Hubert Humphrey, Harold Stassen, Eugene McCarthy, and Walter Mondale come quickly to mind.  Even if he had not met such a tragic and untimely end, Paul Wellstone would have surely earned his place among this distinguished group. The fact that he has left us so abruptly, and left all of us so sad, will not diminish his achievements, nor weaken his message.  To quote Paul:       I still believe that government can be a force of good in      people's lives.  We in the Senate should take these words to heart, just as we were truly honored to have had him among us. We are all the better to have known him and worked with him. He will be sorely missed.  