 Anybody filing an administrative appeal to a hazardous reduction project would be required also to raise the issue before the close of notice and comment; in other words, to have some standing to bring an appeal, not just to be able to jump in after all the periods have closed and go to court.  These were two of our biggest gives in the interest of trying to gain 60 votes. I truly do not think there is anything else we can do. These are very big concessions, at least as far as I am concerned, and I think that is echoed by Senator Wyden as well.  I will quickly outline some of the additional safeguards in our amendment. There would be no road construction in any inventoried roadless area. An ecologically sufficient number of old and large trees would be maintained for each ecosystem; and for fuels reduction projects, agencies would be required to do all thinning from ground level up. This means that thinning would start with small trees and brush at ground level and act as a safeguard against the cutting of larger trees. And in special, or what is called extraordinary circumstances, such as areas with endangered species or tribal issues or where archeological findings may lie, the exclusions from the normal process do not apply.  Additionally, I will speak for one moment about the four findings in our amendment because they underlie the problems we are facing.  Firstly, in 2002, we find that approximately 6.5 million acres of forest land have burned, 21 people have died, and 3,079 structures have been destroyed. We find the Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management have spent a billion dollars fighting these fires. We find 73 million acres of public lands are classified in the highest risk of catastrophic fire. We find that forest management policy of fire suppression has resulted in an accumulation of fuelload, dead and dying trees, infested trees, nonnative species, creating fuel ladders that allow fires to reach the crowns of large old trees and cause catastrophic fires. Fourthly, we find the U.S. Forest Service and the Department of the Interior should immediately undertake an emergency program to reduce the risk of catastrophic fire. Obviously, the emergency program is confined to those areas I spoke about.  In closing, I thank, first, Senator Wyden. I also thank Senator Bingaman, Senator Daschle, Senator Craig, Senator Domenici, Senator Kyl, and Senator Burns, all of whom have spent an inordinate amount of time trying to reach some agreement.  I restate my belief that the forest fires raging throughout the Western United States represent one of the most severe crises facing our Nation. The devastation has and will continue to be immense. It is the greatest human and ecological threat now facing virtually every Western State. This is a crisis that transcends the issue of party politics, and I deeply regret our inability to reach a meaningful compromise, at least at this time. Because the Interior appropriations bill will be on the floor at least for the next few days, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to continue to seek a consensus and I, for one, remain open to one.  I am sorry we do not have an agreement to report, but I want to end by thanking Senator Wyden for his leadership. He has a State that has glorious forests, as do I. He has been wonderful, and I hope there is a change and we may be able to work something out together.  I yield the floor.  