 President, I would like to take this time to express my support for the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act.  Exposure to terrorism is not only a threat to our national security, but is also a threat to the United States and global economies. The full extent of insured losses from September 11 has been estimated at $70 billion.  There is no doubt that these terrorist attacks have resulted in the most catastrophic loss in the history of property and casualty insurance.  Even though the insurance industry committed to pay losses resulting from the attacks, they have indicated a reluctance to continue offering terrorism insurance because the risk of future losses is unknown.  I and my staff have heard from my constituents in California, who have already suffered from this constriction of the terrorism insurance industry.  Some are insurance providers, who have written to say that they are afraid that their companies will not survive if they are forced to endure another terrorist event without a Federal backstop for terrorism reinsurance.  Some are businesses whose premiums have risen so drastically in the past nine months that they too, risk insolvency.  San Francisco's own Golden Gate Bridge, Highway, and TransportationDistrict, which manages the Golden Gate Bridge, recently had to renew its insurance policy. The new policy costs $1.1 million per year for $50 million in coverage which does not include terrorism coverage, despite assertions by Governor Davis last year that the bridge was a target for the terrorist attacks.  Last year's policy cost $125,000 for $125 million in coverage, including coverage for damage due to a terrorist act.  This legislation will provide desperately needed stability to the terrorism insurance market.  It provides a Federal backstop so that the industry can have the confidence to issue new policies, and it enables financial services providers to again finance new commercial property acquisitions and construction projects.  This bill also has some important limits on Federal exposure to losses.  First, it is designed to be temporary. The length of the program will be one year, with the option for the Secretary of the Treasury to extend it an additional year.  Second, the bill clarifies that the Federal Government does not bear any responsibility for insurance losses due to punitive damage awards.  Punitive damages awards are issued when a defendant has acted in a willful and malicious manner. I don't believe the American taxpayer should be left holding the bag if such judgments are awarded.  It is my hope that the passage of this legislation will enable the Golden Gate Bridge, Highway, and Transportation District, as well as other, similarly affected, companies and organizations, in California and across the Nation, to obtain the terrorism insurance coverage they need to adequately protect their patrons during these uncertain times.  