  The Angels are world champions for the first time in their 42-year history. After defeating the New York Yankees in the first round of the playoffs and then going on to beat the Minnesota Twins for the American League Championship, the Angels battled my hometown team, the San Francisco Giants, in an exciting all-California World Series. The Angels have proven to the world their outstanding ability to win and work as a team.  Led by manager Mike Scioscia and players Scott Spezio, Garret Anderson, and Darin Erstad the Angels offense destroyed even the mightiest pitchers through October. Most Valuable Player Troy Glaus batted an astounding .385 average with three homeruns in the seven-game series.  Another key player in the Angels' march to glory is Troy Percival. The veteran closing pitcher stifled the Giants' hitters in pivotal game 7 and throughout the playoffs. Furthermore, Troy Percival would not have been able to perform his masterful pitching had it not been for starting pitcher John Lackey who pitched five strong innings in game 7.  Manager Mike Scioscia's leadership proved to be invaluable to the team. His experience as a catcher with Southern California's other major league franchise, the Los Angeles Dodgers, helped the Angels through what started as Anaheim's worst season ever and turned it into a glorious year.  The Anaheim Angels truly epitomize the importance of teamwork, as nearly every member of the roster contributed to their phenomenal season. It should be noted that the championship could not have been won without the dedication of the entire team: DavidEckstein, Tim Salmon, Adam Kennedy, Bengie Molina, Brad Fullmer, Jarrod Washburn, Kevin Appier, Brendan Donnelly, Ben Weber, Ramon Ortiz, and Francisco Rodriguez.  I also would like to congratulate chairman and CEO of the Walt Disney Company Michael Eisner, General Manager Bill Stoneman and all of the Angels' staff on their hard work assembling Anaheim's first championship team. I should also congratulate Jackie Autry, widow of former Angels owner Gene Autry. One of her husband's greatest dreams was to see the Angels win a World Series.  And, most importantly, I would like to thank the Angels fans in Southern California who have earned national recognition for their enthusiasm and unbridled support of their team.  Finally, it is nearly impossible to congratulate the Angels or their fans without mentioning the ``Rally Monkey,'' the adorable mascot that has become Anaheim's symbol of resilience and refusal to give up hope in the most difficult situations.  The Angels have begun a new era of baseball in Southern California and will certainly defend their title with the same heart and determination that brought them to the World Series this year. The Anaheim Angels are a team with an unquenchable desire to win.  They have made the city of Anaheim, the county of Orange, and all of California proud.  