 President, I am pleased to join with my ranking member, Senator Hutchison of Texas, to bring the Fiscal Year 2003 Military Construction Appropriations bill to the Senate for consideration. This is a balanced, bipartisan bill intended to meet some of the most pressing infrastructure requirements of our military forces.  This bill provides $10.6 billion in new budget authority. It represents an increase of less than one tenth of one percent over last year's $10.5 billion military construction bill. But it is nearly 10 percent more than the President's 2003 budget request.  The 2003 budget request submitted by the President severely underfunded the Guard and Reserves. The request was 52 percent below last year's request. Congress is left to make up the shortfall. As all Members know, the Defense Emergency Response Fund funded all projects identified by the President as necessary for the war on terror. While it may be tempting to blame the decrease in military construction funding on the costs of fighting a war on terror, the fact is that the war on terror is fully funded through the Defense Emergency Response Fund.  This bill was coordinated carefully with the Armed Services Committee, and each project in this bill is included in the National Defense Authorization Act passed by the Senate. All of the projects in this bill meet the stringent standards for military construction funding set by the Senate. Every project we funded is in the Services' Future Years Defense Plans, and every project is a top priority of the installation commanders.  Mr. President, the bill was unanimously reported out of the Appropriations Committee on June 27. The package before the Senate today includes technical and conforming changes in the bill and report, as authorized by the full Committee. These changes include clarification of report language as needed and, in one instance, a correction in the tables to delete an unauthorized project that was inadvertently included in the committee print.  The bill provides $5.6 billion--53 percent of the total--for military construction for active and reserve components. Included in this funding is $1.1 billion for barracks; $26 million for child development centers; $137 million for hospital and medical facilities; $159 million for the Chemical Demilitarization Program; and $610 million for the Guard and Reserve components.  An additional $4.23 billion, or 40 percent of the total bill, goes to family housing. This includes $1.33 billion for new family housing units and improvements to existing units; and $2.9 billion for operation and maintenance of existing units.  This bill also includes two new military construction initiatives. The first is the Army and Air Force Transformation Initiative, which sets aside funding for the Army and the Air Force to be used for infrastructure requirements.  For the Army, the funding is allocated for construction related to the Interim Brigade Combat Teams. The Interim Brigades, which were just recently renamed Stryker Brigades, are essential to the Army's effort to become a lighter, more mobile, more effective fighting force. Army officials testified before the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee earlier this year that current levels of military construction funding are not adequate to meet the Army's time line for these brigades.  Likewise, the Air Force is in need of additional funding to move forward quickly with the beddown of aircraft associated with its Air Mobility Modernization Program. The Air Force is facing a serious shortfall in airlift capability. The Air Mobility Modernization Program, which encompasses the acquisition and upgrading of C-17s, C-5s, and C-130s, is urgently needed.  Simply put, the timetables for Army and Air Force transformation that were in place prior to September 11 are no longer adequate. The war on terror has placed pressing new demands, not only on personnel and equipment, but also on infrastructure. The large increase in defense funding that has occurred since September 11 reflects those demands. Under the transformation initiative, the committee has made $100 million available each for the Army and Air Force to be used for infrastructure requirements of the Stryker Brigades and C-17 Air Mobility programs, as determined by the Services.  The second major initiative in this bill is the BRAC Environmental Cleanup Acceleration Initiative. This initiative provides an extra $100 million above the fiscal year 2003 budget request to accelerate the cleanup of dangerous contaminants at military bases that have been closed or realigned as part of the BRAC process. Until the environmental cleanup process is completed, these closed bases are the equivalent of giant white elephants. The services no longer need them, but the communities cannot complete the conversion of them to productive use. In some cases, the lengthy cleanup process presents a problem far worse than just an economic drain on the Services and the communities--in some cases, the contaminants polluting the soil of closed military bases present a serious hazard to human health and the environment.  In my home state of California, for example, plutonium contamination at McClellan Air Force Base continues to present a hazard to the community and to impede progress towards profitable reuse of the property. In Texas, toxic groundwater that has migrated to nearby neighborhoods from the former Kelly Air Force Base has raised fears among residents that the pollution could be causing health problems. These are only two of many examples. The fact is, we have a responsibility to the American people to clean up the buried ordnance and hazardous wastes that contaminate many of our closed or realigned military installations. And I believe that we have a responsibility to act expeditiously. Although the President requested only $545 million for BRAC environmental cleanup, the Services, at the request of the Committee, identified another $237 million in environmental cleanup requirements that could be executed in 2003 if funding were made available. We could not provide the full $237 million needed, but the extra $100 million we recommended will help to speed the cleanup process. Simple common sense indicates that the military should finish the cleanup from the first four rounds of BRAC before diverting scarce resources and creating additional cleanup costs in another round of base closures.  I want to point out that all the projects added to military construction authorization and appropriations bills that are not part of the President's budget request are carefully screened and vetted by the Services. They are the priorities of the men and women who live and work on military installations throughout the country, and sometimes those priorities differ from the priorities of the Pentagon. Installation commanders are uniquely attuned to the needs of their bases, whereas the budget officers at the Pentagon and the Office of Management and Budget are focused on the corporate needs of the Defense Department as a whole. In some cases, a child care center or a barracks may be essential to the well-being of a base, but may not score high enough at the Pentagon to make it into the President's budget. In other cases, a worthy project may be programmed for funding down the road when it is urgently needed now.  Mr. President, this bill meets many military construction needs--all of the projects are authorized, are in the military's Future Year's Defense Plan, and are the base commander's priority. I urge my colleagues to support it. I would like to thank my ranking member for her support in developing this bill. It is a privilege and a pleasure to work with Senator Hutchison. I also thank Chairman Byrd, Senator Stevens, and Senator Inouye for their guidance and support in developing this package. And I thank the staff of the subcommittee for their dedication and hard work in putting this package together.  I thank my ranking member for her support in developing this bill. I also thank Chairman Byrd, Senator Stevens, and Senator Inouye for their guidance and support in developing this package.  I also thank the staff, specifically Christina Evans, B.G. Wright, and Matt Miller on the Democratic side, and Sid Ashworth, Alycia Farrell, and Michael Ralsky on the Republican side.  I reserve the remainder of my time and yield to the ranking member, Senator Hutchison from Texas.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Miller). The Senator from Texas.  