 President, I want to begin by thanking the Senator from Massachusetts for his leadership on this issue. It is very clear to me we would not be where we are today had it not been for his leadership, both as a former chairman of the Judiciary Committee and as the chairman of the Immigration Subcommittee, and as a 40-year member of this great body.  I am very pleased to join with Senators Kennedy, Brownback, and Kyl in sponsoring the Enhanced Border Security and Visa Entry Reform Act of 2001. This legislation, I think it is fair to say, represents a consensus. It draws upon the strength of both the Visa Entry Reform Act of 2001, which I introduced with my colleague from Arizona, Senator Kyl, and the Enhanced Border Security Act of 2001, which Senators Kennedy and Brownback introduced.  How did this happen? Senator Kyl and I, in the Technology and Terrorism Subcommittee, held hearings and came upon many of the same things I think Senators Kennedy and Brownback did in the full Subcommittee on Immigration. In any event, the final result, as Senator Kennedy has said, garnered widespread support from both sides of the aisle. We now have a total of 61 cosponsors, and I think that is pretty much unprecedented for an immigration bill, particularly one of this magnitude.  September 11 clearly pointed out the shortcomings of our immigration and naturalization system. For example, all 19 terrorists entered the United States legally. They had valid visas. Three of the hijackers had remained in the United States after their visas had expired. One entered on a foreign student visa. Another, Mohamed Atta, had filed an application to change status to M-1, which was granted in July. However, Mr. Atta sought permission and was admitted to the United States based on his then current B-1 visitor visa.  On March 11, 6 months from the date of the attacks, 6 months after Mohamed Atta and Marwan al-Shehhi flew planes into the World Trade Center, the Immigration and Naturalization Service notified a Venice, FL, flight school that the two men had been approved for student visas.  I think the sheer volume of travelers to our country each year illustrates the need for an efficiently run and technologically advanced immigration system. This is extraordinarily difficult if we just look at some of the numbers. I want the record to reflect some of these numbers.  We have in our country between 8 and 9 million people who are residents without any legal status. They either entered illegally or they overstayed a temporary visa. Actually, 40 percent of the total were visa overstays. We had 30.1 million nonimmigrants entering the United States during the year 1998. That is the most recent year for which INS has statistics.  As Senator Kennedy pointed out, 23 million of them entered as tourists on the visa waiver program. Nobody knows really whether they ever went home again. Six million of them were issued nonimmigrant visas as students, tourists, temporary workers, and other temporary visitors; 660,000 were foreign students who had entered in the fall of 2001. If that is not enough, we have about 500 million border crossings back and forth each year, combining Americans who cross the border with non-Americans who cross the border, and 350 million of the 500 million are non-Americans crossing the border.  So if one talks about securing borders, our country is a giant sieve. This sieve is virtually our strength in times of peace, and at times of war it is our greatest insecurity.  Of these 666,000 foreign nationals who held student visas in 2001, more than 10,000 enrolled in flight training, in trade schools, in other nonacademic programs, and more than 16,000 came from terrorist-supporting countries.  Senator Kennedy pointed out--my numbers are 2,000 different from his--that we have some 74,000 U.S. schools that are allowed to admit foreign students, but checks of the schools on the current INS list found that some had closed. Yet students still come in. Others have never existed; therefore, they were fraudulent schools set up clearly to bring in people on student visas.  Exactly 6 months after the 9-11 attacks, as I pointed out, Huffman Aviation received student visa approval forms for Mohamed Atta and Marwan al-Shehhi.  There is a big problem out there, and I think the sheer volume of travelers to our country each year points out eloquently the problems we face.  This is one of the reasons why we have to change a paper-driven agency into a much more active agency, with better management, with more technologically modern tools, and I think knowing what we now know to secure our borders. It is visa entries, change the processes, and improve the border. This bill aims to do that.  I will talk for a moment about the visa waiver program. I mentioned visa waivers: Some 23 million people, from 29 different countries. I mentioned nobody knows where they go in the United States or whether they leave once their visas expire. The INS estimates over 100,000 blank passports have been stolen from government offices in participating countries in recent years. Why would 100,000 passports be stolen? The answer is, to use them fraudulently. Abuse of the visa waiver program poses threats to U.S. national security. It also increases illegal immigration.  For example, one of the co-conspirators in the World Trade Center bombing of 1993 deliberately chose to use a fraudulent Swedish passport to attempt entry into the United States because of Sweden's participation in the visa waiver program. That clearly says we have to change the program. What we do in this bill is mandate all these passports must be machine readable, so they can be read when the individual enters the country, they can be read when the individual leaves the country, and also the information can be provided to know what these people are going to do while they are in the country.  Let me talk about the foreign student visa program. I mentioned that more than 500,000 foreign nationals enter each year. Within the last 10 years, 16,000 came from such terrorist-supporting States as Iran, Iraq, Sudan, Libya, and Syria. The foreign student visa system is one of the most underregulated systems we have today. We have seen bribes, bureaucracy, and other problems with this system that leave it wide open to abuse by terrorists and other criminals.  For example, in the early 1990s, 5 officials at 4 California colleges were convicted in Federal court of taking bribes, providing counterfeit education documents, and fraudulently applying for more than 100 foreign student visas. It is unclear what steps the INS took to find and deport the foreign nationals involved in this scheme, even after these five officials were convicted.  Each year, we have 300 million border crossings. For the most part, these individuals are legitimate visitors in our country, but we have no way of tracking all of these visitors. Mohamed Atta, the suspected ring leader in the attack, was admitted as a nonimmigrant visitor in July 2001. He traveled frequently to and from the United States during the past 2 years. According to the INS, he was in legal status the day of the attack. Other hijackers also traveled with ease throughout the country.  It has become all too clear that without an adequate tracking system, our country becomes the sieve that it is today. That creates ample opportunities for terrorists to enter and establish their operations without detection.  I sit as chair of the Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Technology, Terrorism, and Government Information. Last October, the subcommittee held a hearing to explore the need for new technologies to assist our Government agencies in keeping terrorists out of the United States. The testimony at that hearing was very illuminating. We were given a picture of an immigration system in chaos and a border control system rife with vulnerabilities. Agency officials don't communicate with each other, computers are incompatible, and even in instances where technological leaps have been made, as in the issuance of 4.5 million smart border crossing cards with biometric data, the technology is not even used because the laser readers have never been purchased and installed.  It is astonishing that a person can apply for a visa and be granted a visa by the State Department and there is no mechanism by which the FBI or the CIA can raise a red flag with regard to the individual if he or she is known to have links to a terrorist group or otherwise pose a threat to national security.  In the aftermath of September 11, it is unconscionable that a terrorist might be permitted to enter the United States simply because our Government agencies don't share information. We heard testimony from the head person of the State Department in the consular division. She testified that they feel terrible because they granted these visas. They granted them from abroad. But they had no information on the individuals, no reason at the time to deny the visas.  We have discovered since then the perpetrators of these attacks clearly had a certain confidence that our immigration laws could be circumvented either because the law itself was not adequate to protect us or the enforcement of existing law is too lax. It almost seemed effortless the way the terrorists got into this country. They did not have to slip into the country as stowaways on sea vessels or sneak through the borders evading Federal authorities. Most, if not all, appeared to have come in with temporary visas, which are routinely granted to tourists, to students, and to other short-term visitors to our country.  This brings me to why the provisions we have cosponsored are so important and should be enacted without further delay. Right now, our Government agencies use different systems with different information and different formats. They often refuse to share that information with other agencies within our Government. This clearly, in view of September 11, is no longer acceptable. When a tourist presents himself or herself at a consular office asking for a visa or at a border crossing with a passport, we need to make sure his or her name and identifying information are checked against an accurate, up to date and comprehensive database.  Under the pending legislation, the administration would be required to develop and implement an interoperable law enforcement and intelligence data system which would provide the INS and the State Department immediate access to relevant law enforcement and intelligence information. The database would be accessible to foreign service officers issuing visas, to Federal agents determining the admissibility of aliens to the United States, and law enforcement officers investigating and identifying aliens.  In addition, the interoperable data system would include sophisticated, linguistically based, name-matching algorithms so that the computers can recognize that, for example, Muhamad Usam Abdel Raqeeb and Haj Mohd Othman Abdul Rejeeb are transliterations of the same name. In other words, this provision would require agencies to ensure that names can be matched even when they are stored in different sets of fields in different databases.  Incidentally, this legislation also contains strict privacy provisions limiting access to this database to authorized Federal officials only. The bill contains severe penalties for wrongful access or misuse of information contained in the databases.  I wish to address one other problem. Some people say if you give the date that is in the legislation, it is too soon, they cannot approve it. I don't believe that. We have been after them for years to do things like this, and I believe, after talking with several people from the private sector, that the private sector can come in and provide the software very quickly for the kinds of databases we are discussing.  They have assured me this is possible. I think one of the problems we have is we don't employ the experts in the private sector we have--the technologically hypersensitive people who know the most modern technology and how to apply software, how to get the system up and running, how to get the data entered, and then stay with the system.  I remember when I was mayor of San Francisco when we did the first latent fingerprint database in the United States. NEC did it for us. NEC sent their people to San Francisco to install the system and to establish the software. They remained for 5 years to see that the programming was done adequately. This was done on a request for proposal of bid from the private sector.  I believe very strongly, if we are going to ever get this section of the bill properly instituted, that not only does the private sector have to come in, but they have to stay for substantial periods of time--at least 5 years--to supervise the data entry as that data is put in, as the databases are checked, asthey are revised. I think that is critical to a system.  I mentioned briefly the Visa Waiver Program. With 123 million people and 29 different countries, we would require tamper-resistant, machine-readable biometric passports. Each country participating in the visa waiver program would issue tamper-resistant, machine-readable biometric passports to its nationals by 2003. This must happen. No excuse should be tolerated. If they cannot meet it, they should be dropped out of the program.  Prior to admitting a foreign visitor from a visa waiver country, the INS inspector must first determine that the individual does not appear in any lookout database. As a condition of a country's continued participation in the visa waiver program, the Attorney General and the Secretary of State must consider whether that country keeps the United States apprised of the theft of blank passports. One-hundred thousand of them have been stolen. Again, why? Fraud.  This is important because terrorist organizations have made use of stolen or counterfeit passports from countries participating in the visa waiver program. The INS would be required to enter stolen or lost passport numbers into the interpretable visa data system within 72 hours of notification of loss or theft. Until that system is established, the INS must enter that information into an existing data system. So when they come through on the visa waiver program with a stolen passport, that number is hot. That number pops up. Whoever is waving them through knows it.  We know the September attacks were connected with al-Qaeda, which has links in some 60 to 70 countries around the world. It has, in fact, established bases in visa waiver countries such as Albania, Belgium, Bosnia, Croatia, Denmark, France, Germany, Luxemburg, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, and the United Kingdom.  Al-Qaeda cells exist in these countries. Stolen passports become available. They come in, and no one knows what happened after that time. Clearly, we cannot allow this program to become a passageway for terrorists into our country.  We also have new requirements for passenger manifests. All commercial flights and vessels coming to the United States from international ports must provide manifest information about each passenger, crew member, and other occupants prior to the arrival of that flight or that vessel. That is critical to closing some of these loopholes. The manifest has to get to the INS prior to the arrival of the ship or the plane.  I have checked with airlines as to whether this can be done and whether it is practical. The answer is yes.  In addition, each vessel or aircraft departing from the United States for any destination outside of the United States must provide manifest information before departure. By 2003, the manifest must be transmitted electronically.  The Attorney General would be authorized to extend manifest requirements to any public or private carrier transporting persons to or from the United States.  The Attorney General may impose a fine on carriers that fail to provide manifest information or those who provide inaccurate, incomplete, or false information.  This section of the bill also eliminates the 45-minute deadline to clear arriving passengers which now exist in law.  This legislation also includes other concrete steps to restore integrity to the immigration and visa process, including the following new travel document requirements.  The bill would require all visa, passports, and other travel documents to be fraud and tamper resistant and contain biometric data by October 26, 2003.  The legislation would also require all foreign nationals to be fingerprinted, and when appropriate submit other biometric data to the State Department when applying for a visa.  That is reasonable. It has to be done. This provision should help to eliminate fraud as well as identify potential threats to the country before they gain access.  There is a provision on nonimmigrants from certain countries. The bill would prohibit the issuance of nonimmigrant visas to nationals from countries designated as state-sponsored international terrorism, unless the Secretary of State, after consulting with the Attorney General and the heads of other appropriate agencies, determines that the individual poses no safety or security threat to the United States.  Student visa reforms: We worked closely with the university community in crafting new strict requirements for the student visa program to crack down on fraud--to make sure that students really are attending classes, and to give the Government the ability to track any foreign national who arrives on a student visa but fails to enroll in school.  Prior to 9-11, I think it is fair to say that the American academic community didn't really want to have this responsibility. After 9-11, to some extent, they still didn't.  That is when I came forward with perhaps a moratorium on the student visa program. Then they came in and agreed to assume additional responsibility.  I am very grateful to the university associations for their leadership in this matter. I know it is additional work for schools. But I also think if the schools receive the tuition, and if the schools receive the individuals, there has to be a private sector sharing of this responsibility as well. That is just, and that it is appropriate. I believe the university community now agrees with this.  I am very grateful to them for their cooperation. The legislation also reforms the student visa process by doing the following: It would require the Attorney General to notify schools of the student's date of entry and require the schools to notify--this is important--the INS if a student has not reported to school within 30 days of the beginning of an academic term.  The monitoring program does not preselect such information as the student's date of entry, the port of entry, the date of school enrollment, the date the student leaves the school, graduates, or quits the degree program or field of study. That, and other significant information, will now be collected.  I think it is important. I do not believe the people of my State or the people of America want us to give advanced nuclear training to those who would conduct a nuclear program and use that program against us. We know we have trained the head of the Iraqi nuclear program. We know we have given a higher education to the head of the Islamic Jihad. I do not think our people want us to do that. I, as one Member of this Senate, really rebel against that kind of thing. I don't want to train people who will create enormous danger to all of our citizens.  I think we can't entirely avoid it, but we can have those systems in place that guard against it. We at present do not.  We would also require the INS, in consultation with the State Department, to monitor the various steps involved in admitting foreign students and to notify the school of the student's entry. This does not presently happen.  It would also require the school to notify INS if a student has not reported for school no more than 30 days after the deadline for registering for classes. So if you are supposed to register and you do not register for 30 days, right now the INS doesn't know that. You can be long gone. They do not know it. This would be the school's responsibility. The schools are prepared to accept that responsibility.  We would also mandate the INS to conduct a periodic review of educational institutions to monitor their compliance with recordkeeping and reporting requirements. If an institution or program fails to comply, their authorization to accept foreign students may be revoked. While the INS currently reviews educational institutions, reviews have not been done consistently in recent years, and some schools are not diligent in their recordkeeping and reporting responsibilities.  As to more border personnel, this section authorizes an increase of at least 1,000 INS inspectors. If you were there--and I believe you were, Madam President, this morning at our hearing--you heard the immigration specialist say how very important the INSinspector is; how overburdened--and underpaid, I would add--they are. This bill would change both of those. It would add 1,000 INS investigative personnel, 1,000 Customs Service inspectors, and additional associated support staff in each of fiscal years 2002 through 2006, to be employed at either the northern or southern border.  As to better INS pay and staffing, to help INS retain Border Patrol officers and inspectors, this section would raise their pay grade and permit the hiring of additional support staff.  As to enhanced Border Patrol and Customs training to enhance our ability to identify and intercept would-be terrorists at the border, funds are provided for the regular training of Border Patrol, Customs agents, and INS inspectors. In addition, funds are provided to agencies staffing U.S. ports of entry for continuing cross-training, to fully train inspectors in using lookout databases and monitoring passenger traffic patterns, and to expand the carrier consultant program.  As to better State Department information and training, this section authorizes funding to improve the security features of the Department of State screening of visa applicants. Improved security features include better coordination of international intelligence information, additional staff, and continuous ongoing training of consular officers.  The bill contains a number of other related provisions as well, but the gist of this legislation is this: Where we can provide law enforcement more information about potentially dangerous foreign nationals, we do so. Where we can reform our border crossing system to weed out and deter terrorists and others who would do us harm, we do so. And where we can update technology to meet the demands of modern war against terror, we do that as well.  As we prepare to modify our immigration system, we must be sure to enact changes that are realistic and feasible. We must also provide the necessary tools to implement them, and the money to pay for it all. I think Senator Byrd was eloquent this morning in expressing that.  We have a lot to do, but I am confident that we will move swiftly to address these important issues. The legislation Senators Kennedy, Brownback, Kyl, and I crafted is an important and strong first step, but this is only the beginning of a long and difficult process because our entire intent, our body language, our laws, our philosophy, has been to have a very liberal, open border. Now we cannot afford to do that.  Madam President, I would like to respond to any concern anyone might have that this bill is anti-immigrant. We are a nation of immigrants. The United States takes more immigrants legally each year than all of the other industrialized nations on Earth put together. So we are a nation of immigrants. We recognize it; we respect it. It is what the Statue of Liberty stands for. And we have followed it.  The overwhelming percentage of people who come to live in this country do so to enjoy the blessings of liberty, equality, and opportunity. The overwhelming percentage of the people who visit this country mean us no harm, but there are several thousand innocent people, including foreign nationals, who were killed on September 11--in part because a network of fanatics determined to wreak death, destruction, and terror. They exploited the weaknesses of our immigration system to come here, to stay here, to study here, and to kill here.  We learned at Oklahoma City that not all terrorists are foreign nationals. But the world is a dangerous place and the world is peopled with regimes that would destroy us if they had a chance.  We are all casualties of September 11. Our society has necessarily changed as our perception of the threats we face has changed. The blinders have fallen from our eyes. Clearly, we need to address the vulnerabilities in our immigration system that September 11 painfully revealed.  O, that we had done it after the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center.  When one of the bombers was being moved after 9-11, he said to the FBI agent moving him: If I only had the money and explosives, I could have done what was done on September 11, in 1993.  The changes we need to make in our system will inconvenience people. Let there be no doubt. Once implemented, however, those changes will make it easier for law-abiding foreign visitors either to visit or to study here, and for law-abiding immigrants who want to live here to do so. More importantly, once they are here, their safety--and our safety--will be greatly enhanced.  We must do everything we can to deter the terrorists, here and abroad, who would do us harm. From the Pentagon to downtown Manhattan, we have learned just how high the stakes are. It would dishonor the innocent victims of September 11 and the brave men and women in our Armed Forces who are defending our liberty at this very instant if we failed in this effort.  So it is extraordinarily important that we enact the Enhanced Border Security and Visa Entry Reform Act. I urge the bipartisan leadership of the Senate to join with us in gaining final passage of this important legislation.  Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  