 President, I rise to support the amendment of Senator Schumer, which is to remove the so-called renewable fuels part of the energy bill.  I am a member of the Energy Committee. You can imagine my consternation when I find a bill that is put together in the dark of night with this renewable fuels requirement that has had no hearing, no comment, no opportunity for the Energy Committee to take a good look at it.  This is a bill that adds to a subsidy of 53 cents a gallon on ethanol under existing law, it mandates a tripling of theethanol use in the next 10 years throughout the Nation, this is in addition to protective tariffs of 54 cents a gallon in existing law, so no nation that might be able to produce it more cheaply has no chance of exporting it economically into the United States. It is protect, protect, protect.  It has been said that this is a massive transfer of wealth out of some States into other States. I deeply believe all of that is true.  Only 1.77 billion gallons of ethanol were produced in 2001. The Senate bill requires 5 billion gallons by 2012. Alone, California, the largest State in the Union, is forced to use 2.68 billion gallons of ethanol it does not need. It doesn't need this ethanol to clean the air because California has reformulated fuel and can meet the clean air standards at all times except for winter months in the southern California-Los Angeles market. Then it uses ethanol.  This chart very clearly indicates the situation. I have shown this before. Here, the blue is what my State would use of ethanol to meet clean air standards. This is what this mandate requires that the State either use or pay for. That is not good public policy. It is not good public policy because the State doesn't need it.  Additionally, the California Energy Commission has said this action will create a 5-percent to 10-percent shortfall in California's gasoline--a 5-percent to 10-percent shortfall.  Our refiners are at 98 percent of capacity, so how do we refine enough gasoline to meet the need? We do not. This means a gas tax.  It is estimated by some that it could even lead to gas prices of $4 per gallon. Senator Schumer has said it is 10 cents a gallon additional for California, New York and other States. If you put two tankfuls in your car a week, figure out what that costs in terms of an additional tax that every motorist will be paying.  Since 98 percent of the ethanol production is based in the Midwest, States outside the Corn Belt have severe infrastructure and ethanol supply problems. This is the reason we do: You cannot put ethanol in a pipeline. You have to barge it, truck it, or rail it in. We will have to rail in 2.68 billion gallons of ethanol that California does not need. The infrastructure is not presently there for it.  We have talked about the high market concentration, the fact that one company controls 41 percent of the ethanol production and that eight companies together control 71 percent. Some articles have been written said this is what creates a massive transfer of wealth: 70 percent of the dividends in this package go to the ethanol producers; only 30 percent go to the actual corn farmers.  Ethanol also has a mixed environmental impact. Let me tell you why. Ethanol helps retard carbon monoxide, but ethanol also produces more nitrogen oxide emissions. So the NOX, which produces smog pollution, is actually greater as a product of ethanol.  In a State like California that has been very concerned about pollution, this is only going to do one thing: it is going to increase smog in the State of California.  Additionally, ethanol enables the separation of the components of gasoline; therefore, benzene, for example, which is in gasoline and which is carcinogenic, can separate from gasoline. So if there is a leak, then benzene is one of the additives that leaks. All of the reports say it enables gasoline leaks to travel farther and faster, once it is released.  Important in all of this to those of us who care about transit and highway funding is something that is really interesting. We presently put into the Highway Trust Fund about 18 cents a gallon. Since ethanol is only taxed at 13 cents a gallon the Highway Trust Fund will lose at least $7 billion. So this lessens the highway trust fund for everybody who looks to that fund for dollars for buses, for dollars for highways, for dollars for transportation systems. There will be at least $7 billion less according to CRS.  Let me read what the boilermakers say about that. The International Union of Boilermakers have written:       Simply put, for each $1 billion the Trust Fund loses,      America loses almost 42,000 jobs. . . . And that is a      resource we cannot renew. It is our understanding that by      mandating the use of ethanol, this legislation is encouraging      the market penetration of ethanol, undermining America's      infrastructure and America's environment.  The bottom line in this letter is that this ethanol mandate is a dangerous approach and is going to result in dramatic job loss.  Also, ethanol is not necessarily a renewable fuel, despite what everyone says. There are a number of scientific reports that have found it takes more energy to make ethanol than it saves. It actually takes 70 percent more energy to produce ethanol than it saves.  So the bottom line is that this is a bad deal. This deal is even made worse by the fact that despite these environmental considerations, nobody will be able to sue. There is a safe harbor provision, so no one can sue if the environment is damaged or the public health is damaged.  Here we have a bill that on top of the ethanol subsidies, it cuts the highway trust fund, it mandates an increase in the gas tax, and it benefits mainly producers in the Midwest. It is, in my view, a bad addition to this energy bill. Frankly, I think it is so bad that I am very pleased to support Senator Schumer's amendment which would remove this renewable fuels requirement from the bill, permit an oxygenate waiver but remove the ethanol from the bill.  I don't quite know how we defeat this. I wish to read from a Wall Street Journal editorial that ran last week:       If consumers think the federal gas tax is ugly, this new      ethanol tax will give them shudders. Moving ethanol to places      outside the Midwest involves big shipping fees, or building      new capacity. Refiners also face costs in adding ethanol to      their products. According to independent consultant Hart      Downstream Energy Services, the mandate would cost consumers      an extra annual $8.4 billion at the pump the first 5 years.      New York and California would see gas prices rise by 7 cents      to 10 cents a gallon. . . .       And that doesn't take into account inevitable price spikes.      There simply isn't enough corn in all of Iowa to meet new      ethanol demands. Last year the ethanol industry produced only      1.7 billion gallons. The Daschle mandate would require it to      increase production by more than 35 percent in a mere 3      years.       That is a tall order for any industry, much less one that      relies on Mother Nature. Some estimates are that a shortage      could double gas prices.  Why are we doing this? Why does this bill have to be so greedy? Why does it need to triple ethanol use? Nobody really knows what it does to the environment. Why triple it? How is a good energy bill going to be viewed, if it triples something about which there is great uncertainty and many States don't need to use it? The west coast and the east coast don't have the infrastructure to absorb it, let alone a $7 billion cut in the highway trust fund.  Cut the highway trust fund and Californians are forced to pay higher gas taxes, and have less money to build the roads, highways, and transportation systems they need, let alone cut 300,000 jobs nationwide.  I will admit that the ethanol lobby is a tough lobby. About a year ago, I was trying to negotiate in my office. I invited most of the California refiners, oil companies, the corn growers, and the renewable fuels associations. I thought we had worked out something. Then, the renewable fuels people backed off the table. Now they come back greedy.  What they have done--and let us call a spade a spade--is essentially quieted the refineries by promising them in this bill protection against liability, so that nobody can sue an oil company if the ethanol causes gasoline to separate, as it does, and benzene leaks, and people are adversely impacted. They cannot sue. The gasoline companies--because they told me this--wanted this protection against liability. If they had the protection against liability, they would reluctantly go along with this package.  That is not good energy policy. How is it good energy policy to triple something that has mixed environmental impact, at best? How is it good energy policy to increase gas prices? How is it good energy policy to take $7 billion out of the highway trust fund, cost 300,000 jobs, and cut funding to the transportation system, the highways, and the roads that this country needs? How is that good energy policy?  To mandate a tripling of the fuel, then saying they are credits, but if you do not use them, you pay for them. This is on top of fundamentally protecting the Midwest corn industry byputting a 54-cent-a-gallon tariff on any imported ethanol to keep it out of the country because it might cost the motorists less, how is that good energy policy?  Somebody come and tell me.  California would top the list in the amount of transit dollars lost because of the ethanol mandate. Maybe nobody cares about California, but Senator Boxer and I do.  I would like to reference an article that mentions the big losers.  California is a big loser. It loses $905 million from the highway trust fund over 9 years.  Texas is a big loser. It loses $750 million from the highway trust fund.  New York is a big loser. It loses $493 million that could be used for subways, for buses, and for transit systems.  Pennsylvania is a big loser. It loses $446 million.  Florida is a big loser. It loses $436 million from the highway trust fund.  Illinois: $337 million from the highway trust fund.  Ohio: $336 million from the highway trust fund.  Georgia: $333 million from the highway trust fund.  Michigan: $312 million from the Highway Trust Fund.  And New Jersey, the last State that is a big loser, loses $262 million from the highway trust fund.  