 President, as the Senate considers the Fiscal Year 2003 Defense Appropriations Bill, I wanted to discuss briefly the current efforts at the Defense Department to design, install and implement an enterprise architecture to perform financial activities at the Department. This has been a major undertaking, and the ultimate goal is to have at the Department a modern, state-of-the-art, integrated system that will perform business processes and financial activities in numerous fields, including logistics, health care, accounting, finance, and personnel.  The financial management challenges at the Department are no secret to the Senate Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. Last year, Congress provided the Department $100 million to start the financial management reform initiative, and this year, the Department requested more than $96 million to continue the reform program. According to the Department, financial management reform would reduce the approximately 967 stand-alone systems currently generating financial data.  In the current fiscal year, we have seen signs of progress. On April 9, the Department selected International Business Machines to develop the financial management enterprise architecture. IBM, along with several leading information technology firms, and under the direction of the Department's Financial Management Modernization Program Office, will now design a blueprint for future Department investments in business management information technology. This blueprint is expected to be completed as early as March 2003.  While this is good news, the Committee report noted that this initiative has gotten off to a slow start. For example, a significant portion of the $100 million provided last year was to go for systems improvements, and to undertake various pilot projects under these improved systems at the service branch level. However, despite the existence of these funds for these projects and with project teams already selected, they have not moved forward and the funds have not been spent.  With the IBM team engaged in architecture design, the current and next fiscal year would seem an appropriate opportunity to make the systems improvements, and undertake the various pilot projects that have already been funded. These pilots could enable the Department to test and analyze the nuts and bolts of integrated financial management processes. With problems already identified, solution sets, and ``best practices'' can be tested via the pilots and under the improved systems. This is consistent with one of the observations of the General Accounting Office, which noted, ``it is critical to establish interim measures to both track performance against the department's overall transformation goals and facilitate near-term successes...'' Also, at a recent conference here on Capitol Hill on Defense financial management modernization, a representative of IBM agreed that it was important to go forward on the pilot programs, stating that they were ``vital'' to the improvement of the business.  I see the distinguished chair and ranking member of the Defense Subcommittee on the floor, and would like to ask them if they agree with me that the Defense Department should utilize the funds previously provided by Congress to undertake needed systems improvements and pilot projects for financial modernization.  