 President, I truly believe we have a real fire emergency in America's forests. It is precipitated somewhat by drought, but it is precipitated by a very flawed forest policy, a forest policy that has practiced fire suppression and spent over a billion dollars this year in suppressing the largest number of acres burned in the history of our Nation--6 million acres burned, 28 people lost, hundreds of millions of dollars of property lost, and a major concern of the American people. All the money cannot be spent suppressing fires. We have to begin to spend the money grooming forests so they are more fire resistant.  Over the past 100 years, there has been a buildup of underbrush, a buildup of dead, dying, and downed trees, a buildup of infested trees, and a buildup of nonindigenous species trees which become fire ladders. All of this presents fire ladders. So a fire begins, and it ``ladders'' up into the crowns of old growth, and there is a fire conflagration. I watched that happen in Colorado. I flew over the fires in Arizona. We watched it happen in New Mexico. Yes, it is happening in California, and we are not through with our fire season yet.  There is a true bona fide message. It needs to be met. I have been trying to work with Senator Wyden, Senator Craig, Senator Kyl, Senator Domenici, Senator Burns. We have spent hours trying to come up with a bipartisan amendment which could get 60 votes onthis floor. I believe we are relatively close to those 60 votes. Senator Wyden has indicated some of the parameters in which we have been negotiating.  We have 74 million acres of forests in the highest risk of catastrophic fire; 24 million of those acres are Federal lands. We took the Federal lands--California alone has 7 million acres of the 24 million acres in what is called class 3, highest risk of catastrophic fire--to see if we could create for 1 year, as an amendment in an appropriations bill, an expedited program to address those acres, making 70 percent of the effort in urban interface areas where we find property, and people, where fire is devastating. Also, in some of the watershed areas, the areas of heaviest pest infestation, windthrow, as well as those acres which are apt to burn--highly catastrophic.  We are very close. We can agree on the number of acres which, after all, will be conditioned by the amount of money. We have agreed to truncate the administrative process. We concentrate on the areas I have mentioned.  But on this side of the aisle, there are very strong feelings we should not change the judicial review process. We are trying to come to grips with the Republicans on this issue. I am hopeful we can. Those on the Energy and Water Development Subcommittee who are negotiating hopefully will be on that subcommittee next year as well. If we can have a 1-year trial of moving the administrative processes faster, creating the emergency within these 5 to 7 million acres of the 24 million acres, confining most of it to the urban interface and the watersheds that are in the resource management and forestry plans, we can make a difference. We can see whether it works.  There are people who say it will not work because there are individuals or groups who will go into court to try to stop us. I am not sure that is entirely correct. I thought so initially, and then I looked at a GAO letter. I will read part of it into the Record. It is dated August 31, 2001. It says:       In summary, as of July 18, 2001, the Forest Service had      completed the necessary environmental analyses and had      decided to implement 1,671 hazardous fuel reduction projects      in fiscal year 2001. Of these projects, 20 (about 1 percent)      had been appealed and none had been litigated. Appellates      included environmental groups, recreation groups, private      industry interests, and individuals.  That is just with one program, that hazardous fuel reduction project in that year. It would indicate that in this small area court challenges have not been a big problem. Many people who believe in the National Environmental Policy Act, known as NEPA, believe very strongly that we should not vitiate the NEPA process in any way, and we should not vitiate the judicial process in any way in this 1-year pilot project.  I am hopeful we will be able to find an accommodation that will get 60 votes. On this side, we clearly have to get Democrats centered around an effort. And on the Republican side, we have to be able to convince them we are serious about moving in a constructive, emergency way to address the problem of catastrophic fire in our country. We can do it. Senator Craig, Senator Kyl, Senator Burns, Senator Domenici, all want to do it.  It is true that on both sides there are different approaches. I believe in a draft either called Bingaman 3 or Feinstein Modified--whatever one wants to call it. We are relatively close to that. I am hopeful we can, by unanimous consent, not take the vote on any of these at this time but continue to negotiate at least until tomorrow morning, and hopefully be able to get through the impasse we are in at the moment--or even to next week. This bill will not be included. I believe it is important we try to move more rapidly this year with hazardous fuels mitigation. In what is Bingaman 3 or Feinstein Modified--whatever anyone wants to call it--we have a very good first start.  We would like to hear from the other side of the aisle. We would like to continue these negotiations. I am hopeful there is not a vote at this time, that we are able to continue the matter, and we are able to continue to negotiate. I was present at meetings for 3 hours yesterday. I was in a conference call on it for an hour and a half last night. I want the Senate to know our efforts are sincere, they are earnest, that we would like to find an accommodation.  I yield the floor.  