 Of that number, 101 aliens seeking nonimmigrant visas were specifically identified for terrorist activities, but 35 of them were able to overcome the ineligibility.  Including the 19 September 11 hijackers, 47 foreign-born individuals have been charged, pled guilty, or been convicted of involvement in terrorism on U.S. soil in the last 10 years. Of the 47 terrorists, at least 13 had overstayed a temporary visa at some point prior to taking part in terrorist activity, including September 11 ring leader Mohamed Atta. Therefore, tracking visa overstays is a very important part of what we are trying to do.  One other fact: Some reports indicate that Khalid Al Midhar, who probably flew American Airlines flight 77 into the Pentagon, was identified as a terrorist by the CIA in January 2001, but his name was not given to the watch list until August 2001. Unfortunately, he had already reentered the United States in July 2001.  I should point out that there is some debate about exactly when the CIA identified him as a terrorist. But if it really did take the CIA several months to put his name on the list, as PBS's ``Frontline'' has reported, then that is a serious problem because we might have stopped him from entering the country had they shared this information sooner. This, of course, speaks to the issue of sharing information between Federal agencies.  Let me just add some information on absconders and detainees.  In December 2001, INS estimated that 314,000 foreigners who have been ordered deported are at large. More recent estimates, released in March 2002, suggest there may be at least 425,000 such absconders. At least 6,000 were identified as coming from countries considered al-Qaeda strongholds.  In a report released in February 2002, the U.S. General Accounting Office said that antifraud efforts at the INS are ``fragmented and unfocused'' and that enforcement of immigration law remains a low priority--that enforcement of immigration law remains a low priority.  The report found that the agency had only 40 jobs for detecting fraud in 4 million applications for immigrant benefits in the year 2000. I think that is a clear indication that the additional personnel provided for in this bill are truly necessary.  Since there is no one else on the floor at the present time, I would like to also put in the Record some border agency statistics.  There are 1,800 inspectors at ports of entry along the U.S. borders.  The Customs Service has 3,000 inspectors to check the 1.4 million people and 360,000 vehicles that cross the border daily--1.4 million people and 360,000 vehicles daily.  The 2,000-mile-long Mexican border has 33 ports of entry and 9,106 Border Patrol agents to guard them.  In October 2001, there were 334 Border Patrol agents assigned to the nearly 4,000-mile-long northern border between the United States and Canada. This number of agents clearly cannot cover all shifts 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, leaving some sections of the border open without coverage.  The Office of the Inspector General found that one northern border sector had identified 65 smuggling corridors along the 300 miles of border within its area of responsibility.  INS intelligence officers have admitted that criminals along the northern border monitor the Border Patrol's radio communications and observe their actions. This enables them to know the times when the fewest agents are on duty and to plan illegal actions accordingly.  The primary tool available to INS inspectors during the inspections process is the Interagency Border Inspection System, known as IBIS, which allows INS inspectors to search a variety of databases containing records and lookouts of individuals of particular concern to the United States.  A 1999 Office of the Inspector General report found, however, that INS inspectors at U.S. ports of entry were not consistently checking passport numbers with IBIS. INS officers also failed to enter lost or stolen passports from visa waiver countries into IBIS in a timely, accurate, or consistent manner. One senior INS official from Miami International Airport told the OIG that he was not even aware of any INS policy that required the entry of stolen passport numbers.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum, Madam President.  