 She has phrased it in a very kind and gentle way. I am afraid I feel more adamantly about it, because I am 100 percent certain this is a big gas tax increase for our people.  We have the longest commutes in the Nation now with people commuting as much as 2\1/2\ hours to get to work from Stockton to the Bay Area. This is going to be a real hardship. Our State is complicated because we do not have the refining capacity to refine the additional gasoline that ethanol is going to require. We talked about this yesterday. I went back and checked the figures, and our state will require 5 to 10 percent additional gasoline once we ban MTBE, but to force ethanol down our throats at the same time is a recipe for disaster.  Therefore, we will not have the refining ability to refine that because our refineries are at capacity.  So the infrastructure need of our State is much greater because it is going to mean additional refining capacity. That is not cheap or easy to produce, because you have to go through zoning, you have to go through local governments, you have to conduct environmental reports, to increase the refining capacity of our refineries.  Additionally, our refineries are old and they break down. We have had two breakdowns of major refineries, as the junior Senator knows, and that spikes the price of gasoline. The Senator is right. All this amendment says is, give us another year. Instead of 2004, make it 2005. Give us and other states a chance to produce our additional refining capacity and to meet the additional infrastructure needs.  The Senator from New York is in the chair. She knows the hardship that New York is going to occasion because of this. It gives New York an additional year to be able to make substantial infrastructure changes.  Neither California nor New York have much by the way of ethanol plants. Everything has to come in from the Midwest. Weather is going to impact it. It has to come in by truck or rail or boat. Then it has to be transported to a refinery and injected into the gasoline.  We are saying: Please, you have the votes out there. You know it will present considerable hardship to some. At least be generous enough to give an extra year to be able to get ready for it.  I thank the Senator for her question, and I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Clinton). The Senator from Iowa.  