 President, I rise today to open the debate on the so-called renewable fuels or ethanol mandate in the Senate energy bill. I strongly believe the fuel provisions in this legislation are egregious public policy, that they amount to a wish list for the ethanol industry, and the Senate has to consider the impact of these provisions on the rest of the Nation.  Frankly, I believe it is terrible public policy. Frankly, I believe this amounts to a wealth transfer of literally billions of dollars from every State in the Nation to a handful of ethanol producers. Frankly, I believe this mandate amounts to a new gas tax in the Nation.  Here are my objections to the renewable fuels requirement in the Senate energy bill: First, despite limited clean air benefits, the mandate will almost triple the amount of ethanol in our Nation's fuel.  Second, even if States do not use this ethanol, they are required--forced--to pay for it anyway.  Third, forcing more ethanol into gasoline will only drive prices up at the pump.  Fourth, since over 98 percent of the production capacity of ethanol is based in the Midwest, it is extremely difficult to transport large amounts of ethanol to States where it is not produced.  Fifth, I am very concerned the limited number of ethanol suppliers in the United States will be able to exercise their market power and drive up price. This is exactly what happened last year in the West when electricity and natural gas prices soared due to supply manipulation by out-of-State energy companies.  Sixth, there may not be enough ethanol produced in the United States to meet future demand.  Seventh, almost tripling the amount of ethanol we produce raises serious health and environmental questions. Tripling it is a big step into the unknown, environmentally and health-wise. I hope to show this in my remarks.  Finally, because ethanol is subsidized, mandating more of it will divert money from the highway trust fund. What I mean by this is there is a 5.4-cent-per-gallon tax credit for ethanol that will continue to divert more and more resources to ethanol instead of the highway trust fund where every State gets its essential resources to reduce traffic congestion and improve the safety of roads and bridges.  Let me explain each objection, one at a time. Let me begin by talking about my concerns with mandating more ethanol than is needed. This bill forces California, my State, to use 2.68 billion gallons of ethanol over the 9 years it does not need to meet clean air standards.  Look at this chart. 