 President, I appreciate the words of my distinguished colleague and friend from Arizona. I must say I differ with him on this bill because I am very much in support of this bill. In particular, I commend both Senators Leahy and Hatch for bringing this first Department of Justice authorization report to the Senate floor in 20 years. I very much hope the Senate is going to adopt the report.  Before I go into saying what this bill does with respect to Federal judgeships, I want to comment that this bill does deal with homeland security, particularly border security. This bill specifically authorizes more than $4 billion for the administration and enforcement of laws relating to immigration, naturalization, and alien registration. More than $3.2 billion of this amount will be allotted to the National Border Patrol. That is something for which both Senator Kyl and I have worked on our subcommittee for a substantial period of time, and I am very pleased to see this authorization. It deals with domestic preparedness.  For example, the Conference Report authorizes funding for the Centers for Domestic Preparedness in Alabama, Texas, New Mexico, Louisiana, Nevada, Vermont, and Pennsylvania. It adds additional uses for grants for the Office of Domestic Preparedness to support State and local law enforcement agencies. This bill also has FBI reform. It includes provisions from the Leahy-Grassley FBI Reform Act to codify the authority of the Department of Justice inspector general to investigate allegations of misconduct by FBI employees.  The conference report provides special danger pay allowances to FBI agents in hazardous duty locations outside of the United States, something we should very much want to speed through at this time.  It has the Law Enforcement Tribute Act. It has the Feinstein-Sessions-Carnahan-Durbin, James Guelff and Chris McCurley Body Armor Act, which imposes criminal penalties on individuals who use body armor in the commission of crimes of violence or drug trafficking crimes. This bill specifically originated as a product of the work of Lee Guelff, whose brother, James Guelff, was a police officer at San Francisco's northern station. Officer Guelff responded to a sniper incident at the corner of Franklin and Pine Streets and encountered an individual completely clad in Kevlar--Kevlar helmet, Kevlar vest, Kevlar pants, the whole thing--with about 1,100 rounds of ammunition. Officer Guelff only had his police revolver, which he emptied to no effect against his Kevlar protected assailant, who shot the officer in the head and killed him. It took 150 police officers to equal the firepower of this one man with semiautomatic weapons clad in Kevlar standing in the intersection.  This is a very important bill. We have worked for 6 years. To Lee Guelff, congratulations.  This bill authorizes a separate and independent Violence Against Women Office within the Department of Justice similar to S. 570 introduced by Senator Biden with 22 cosponsors. It is a very important step for those who would like to see this separate office set up.  The bill has crime-free rural States grants. It creates and authorizes $30 million for the crime-free rural States program to make grants to rural States to help local communities prevent and reduce crime, violence, and substance abuse.  For many of us, this bill is important because it restores a vital program, the SCAAP program, that the President cut out. SCAAP is an acronym for the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program. Under law, the Federal Government is responsible for the borders. If we do not protect the borders, people come to our country illegally. Some commit crimes, they are convicted, they do time in jails, but the local jurisdictions pay for that time in jail in State prison and in jails. SCAAP is the only program that reimburses the States for their cost of incarcerating illegal aliens. It is a very important program. Senator Kyl and the people of Arizona support it. I support it. I believe every member of the Judiciary Committee supports it. I believe the Presiding Officer supports it. That authorization is in this bill.  Regarding drug abuse, this bill includes several provisions from the Hatch-Leahy-Biden-Feinstein Drug Abuse Education Prevention and Treatment Act that will move Federal antidrug policy toward a more balanced approach that includes added attention to prevention and treatment. The provisions in this bill, for example, authorize funding for drug courts. We know drug courts work in prevention of narcotic use. The bill authorizes $172 million over the next 3 fiscal years to support State and local adult and juvenile drug courts. These courts provide treatment as an alternative to jail for nonviolent offenders who stay off drugs. The statistics of recidivism show this approach works.  There are provisions with respect to drug-free prisons. The bill authorizes the use of Federal funds for jail-based substance abuse programs, for reentry programs, for DEA, and police training. It authorizes funding for the drug enforcement agency police training in South and Central Asia to reduce the supply of drugs entering the United States.  The bill has a myriad of proposals with respect to protecting intellectual property: The Madrid Protocol, distance learning, Patent and Trademark Office authorization and modernization, and enhanced enforcement of intellectual property laws.  Most importantly, this bill authorizes a number of new judgeships. It authorizes five new permanent judgeships in the southern district of California atSan Diego, as well as two in the western district of Texas. The western district of North Carolina receives one. It converts four temporary judgeships to permanent judgeships: One in the central district of Illinois, the northern district of New York, the eastern district of Virginia. And it creates seven new temporary judgeships, one in each of the northern districts of Alabama, Arizona, central district of California, southern district of Florida, district of New Mexico, western district of North Carolina, eastern district of Texas. It extends the temporary judgeship in the northern district of Ohio for 5 years.  I have heard Members of this body implore the Judiciary Committee about the need for additional judgeships. The Southern District court in San Diego, for example, has the heaviest caseload in the nation. This court has operated in a state of emergency since September, 2000. The Southern District handles complex litigation as well as major drug cases that emanate from the closeness of San Diego to the Mexican border. The district is relying on temporary and senior judges. The bench has been close to real catastrophe. This bill finally brings relief.  This bill improves civil justice; has motor vehicle franchise fairness; the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act; and the Antitrust Technical Corrections Act. There are a number of things in this bill to improve immigration procedures: The J-1 visa program, the H-1B visas, help to children, and more.  I conclude by noting that this bill is not unrelated to our present place in time. It is not unrelated to the need to protect our borders, to seeing that our nation has adequate border security, to seeing that FBI agents have hazardous duty pay, and to seeing that our visa program is improved. The bill provides authorization for the payment to State and local jurisdictions for the incarceration of illegal immigrants and for the addition of additional judgeships. It is a very important bill.  Again, I particularly thank the Chairman and the Ranking Member. Without them, this bill would not be on the floor today. It is a very important bill. I urge an ``aye'' vote.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  