 President, in reviewing my press clips this morning, I saw an interview between Brit Hume on ``FOX News Sunday'' and Dennis Ross, President Clinton's Middle East envoy. Many of us have followed closely the negotiations at Camp David, and also at Taba, but never before have we really heard Dennis Ross comment on these negotiations.  For the first time this past Sunday, we did. I was really quite surprised by these comments. I thought they were of such significance that I ask unanimous consent to have the entire interview printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows: Transcript: Dennis Ross, Former U.S. Special Envoy to the Middle East       Following is a transcripted excerpt from FOX News Sunday,      April 21, 2002.       Brit Hume (host). Former Middle East envoy Dennis Ross has      worked to achieve Middle East peace throughout President      Clinton's final days in office. In the months following      Clinton's failed peace summit at Camp David, U.S. negotiators      continued behind-the-scenes peace talks with the Palestinians      and Israelis up until January 2001, and that followed      Clinton's presentation of ideas at the end of December 2000.       Dennis Ross joins us now with more details on all that, and      Fred Barnes joins the questioning.       So, Dennis, talk to us a little bit, if you can--I might      note that we're proud to able to say that you're a Fox News      contributing analyst.       Dennis Ross (Fmr. U.S. special envoy to the Middle East).      Thank you.       Hume. Talk to us about the sequence of events. The Camp      David talks, there was an offer. That was rejected. Talks      continued. You come now to December, and the president has a      new set of ideas. What unfolded?       Ross. Let me give you the sequence, because I think it puts      all this in perspective.       Number one, at Camp David we did not put a comprehensive      set of ideas on the table. We put ideas on the table that      would have affected the borders and would have affected      Jerusalem.       Arafat could not accept any of that. In fact, during the 15      days there, he never himself raised a single idea. His      negotiators did, to be fair to them, but he didn't. The only      new idea he raised at Camp David was that the temple didn't      exist in Jerusalem, it existed in Nablus.       Hume. This is the temple where Ariel Sharon paid a visit,      which was used as a kind of pre-text for the beginning of the      new intifada, correct?       Ross. This is the core of the Jewish faith.       Hume. Right.       Ross. So he was denying the core of the Jewish faith there.      After the summit, he immediately came back to us and he said,      ``We need to have another summit,'' to which we said, ``We      just shot our wad. We got a no from you. You're prepared      actually to do a deal before we go back to something like      that.''       He agreed to set up a private channel between his people      and the Israelis, which I joined at the end of August. And      there were serious discussions that went on, and we were      poised to present out ideas the end of September, which is      when the intifada erupted. He knew we were poised to present      the ideas. His own people were telling him they looked good.      And we asked him to intervene to ensure there wouldn't be      violence after the Sharon visit, the day after. He said he      would. He didn't lift a finger.       Now, eventually we were able to get back to a point where      private channels between the two sides led each of them to      again ask us to present the ideas. This was in early      December. We brought the negotiators here.       Hume. Now, this was a request to the Clinton      administration----       Ross. Yes.       Hume [continuing]. To formulate a plan. Both sides wanted      this?       Ross. Absolutely.       Hume. All right.       Ross. Both sides asked us to present these ideas.       Hume. All right. And they were?       Ross. The ideas were presented on December 23 by the      president, and they basically said the following: On borders,      there would be about a 5 percent annexation in the West Bank      for the Israelis and a 2 percent swap. So there would be a      net 97 percent of the territory that would go to the      Palestinians.       On Jerusalem, the Arab neighborhoods of East Jerusalem      would become the capitol of the Palestinian state.       On the issue of refuges, there would be a right of return      for the refugees to their own state, not to Israel, but there      would also be a fund of $30 billion internationally that      would be put together for either compensation or to cover      repatriation, resettlement, rehabilitation costs.       And when it came to security, there would be a      international presence, in place of the Israelis, in the      Jordan Valley.       These were ideas that were comprehensive, unprecedented,      stretched very far, represented a culmination of an effort in      our best judgment as to what each side could accept after      thousands of hours of debate, discussion with each side.       Barnes. Now, Palestinian officials say to this day that      Arafat said yes.       Ross. Arafat came to the White House on January 2. Met with      the president, and I was there in the Oval Office. He said      yes, and then he added reservations that basically meant he      rejected every single one of the things he was supposed to      give.       Hume. What was he supposed to give?       Ross. He was supposed to give, on Jerusalem, the idea that      there would be for the Israelis sovereignty over the Western      Wall, which would cover the areas that are of religious      significance to Israel. He rejected that.       Hume. He rejected their being able to have that?       Ross. He rejected that.       He rejected the idea on the refugees. He said we need a      whole new formula, as if what we had presented was non-     existent.       He rejected the basic ideas on security. He wouldn't even      countenance the idea that the Israelis would be able to      operate in Palestinian airspace.       You know when you fly into Israel today you go to Ben      Gurion. You fly in over the West Bank because you can't--     there's no space through otherwise. He rejected that.       So every single one of the ideas that was asked of him he      rejected.       Hume. Now, let's take a look at the map. Now, this is      what--how the Israelis had created a map based on the      president's ideas. And----       Ross. Right.       Hume. [continuing]. What can we--that situation shows that      the territory at least is contiguous. What about Gaza on that      map?       Ross. The Israelis would have gotten completely out of      Gaza. And what you see also in this line, they show an area      of temporary Israelis control along the border.       Hume. Right.       Ross. Now, that was an Israeli desire. That was not what we      presented. But we presented something that did point out that      it would take six years before the Israelis would be totally      out of the Jordan Valley.       So that map there that you see, which shows a very narrow      green space along the border, would become part of the      orange. So the Palestinians would have in the West Bank an      area that was contiguous. Those who say there were cantons,      completely untrue. It was contiguous.       Hume. Cantons being ghettos, in effect----       Ross. Right.       Hume [continuing]. That would be cut off from other parts      of the Palestinian state.       Ross. Completely untrue.       And to connect Gaza with the West Bank, there would have      been an elevated highway, an elevated railroad, to ensure      that there would be not just safe passage for the      Palestinians, but free passage.       Barnes. I have two other questions. One, the Palestinians      point out that this was never put on paper, this offer. Why      not?       Ross. We presented this to them so that they could record      it. When the president presented it, he went over it at      dictation speed. He then left the cabinet room. I stayed      behind. I sat with them to be sure, and checked to be sure      that every single word.       The reason we did it this way was to be sure they had it      and they could record it. But we told the Palestinians and      Israelis, if you cannot accept these ideas, this is the      culmination of the effort, we withdraw them. We did not want      to formalize it. We wanted them to understand we meant what      we said. You don't accept it, it's not for negotiation, this      is the end of it, we withdraw it.       So that's why they have it themselves recorded. And to this      day, the Palestinians have not presented to their own people      what was available.       Barnes. In other words, Arafat might use it as a basis for      further negotiations so he'd get more?       Ross. Well, exactly.       Hume. Which is what, in fact, he tried to do, according to      your account.       Ross. We treated it as not only a culmination. We wanted to      be sure it couldn't be a floor for negotiations.       Hume. Right.       Ross. It couldn't be a ceiling. It was the roof.       Hume. This was a final offer?       Ross. Exactly. Exactly right.       Hume. This was the solution.       Barnes. Was Arafat alone in rejecting it? I mean, what      about his negotiators?       Ross. It's very clear to me that his negotiators understood      this was the best they were ever going to get. They wanted      him to accept it. He was not prepared to accept it.       Hume. Now, it is often said that this whole sequence of      talks here sort of fell apart or ended or broke down or      whatever because of the intervention of the Israeli      elections. What about that?       Ross. The real issue you have to understand was not the      Israeli elections. It was the end of the Clinton      administration. The reason we would come with what was a      culminating offer was because we were out of time.       They asked us to present the ideas, both sides. We were      governed by the fact that the Clinton administration was      going to end, and both sides said we understand this is the      point of decision.       Hume. What, in your view, was the reason that Arafat, in      effect, said no?       Ross. Because fundamentally I do not believe he can end the      conflict. We had one critical clause in this agreement, and      that clause was, this is the end of the conflict.       Arafat's whole life has been governed by struggle and a      cause. Everything he has done as leader of the Palestinians      is to always leave his options open, never close a door. He      was being asked here, you've got to close the door. For him      to end the conflict is to end himself.       Hume. Might it not also have been true, though, Dennis,      that, because the intifada had already begun--so you had the      Camp David offer rejected, the violence begins anew, a new      offer from the Clinton administration comes along, the      Israelis agree to it, Barak agrees to it----       Ross. Yes.       Hume [continuing]. Might he not have concluded that the      violence was working?       Ross. It is possible he concluded that. It is possible he      thought he could do and get more with the violence. There's      no doubt in my mind that he thought the violence would create      pressure on the Israelis and on us and maybe the rest of the      world.       And I think there's one other factor. You have to      understand that Barak was able to reposition Israel      internationally. Israel was seen as having demonstrated      unmistakably it wanted peace, and the reason it wasn't      available, achievable was because Arafat wouldn't accept it.       Arafat needed to re-establish the Palestinians as a victim,      and unfortunately they are a victim, and we see it now in a      terrible way.       Hume. Dennis Ross, thank you so much.  