 President, I would like to begin by thanking the distinguished Senator from Texas for her leadership, for her perspicacity, for her work on this bill. We have to remember this bill was introduced exactly 1 week ago. We had hearings. It is on the floor. It is going to be passed today.  I hope it sends a message to the Nation. I hope that message is, if yours is a State that doesn't have an AMBER Alert, let us get one. Let me tell you why.  Seventy-four percent of the children who are abducted are lost within the first day. Therefore, if you can identify the abductor, if you can identify a license plate, you may well save the life of a child.  I think that came in loudly and clearly to both Senator Hutchison and me in the Judiciary Committee.  The Senator mentioned Nichole Timmons and her mother Sharon. It was interesting. Nichole was kidnapped by the gardener who worked at their home. She was taken across the State line from Riverside County into Nevada. Within 24 hours, a tribal officer in Nevada recognized the license plate of the vehicle, and that went out on an AMBER Alert. There was duct tape in that car. There was a metal rod in that car. If the license had not been run, Nichole never would have come home. The AMBER Alert worked.  In my State of California, we have only had the AMBER Alert for about a month. There have been 13 AMBER Alerts. One was a misstep. Eight were stranger abductions. Four were family-related abductions. All 12 of those children were returned. Never before have I seen a statistic such as that.  We know the AMBER Alert works. Now we have an opportunity to get this nationwide.  I think the bill is thoughtful. I think it is well set out.  Since 1996, when the AMBER Alert went into being, it has been credited with the return of 30 children to their families, including one case in which the abductor, interestingly enough, released the child himself after hearing the alert. In other words, it can act as a deterrent as well.  What is more important than our children, other than war and peace? I don't think anything. This is really important because it means you can avoid a child being murdered simply by issuing this AMBER Alert.  The Senator has indicated the various points of the bill. But I want to say this. The AMBER Alert is typically issued only when a law enforcement agency confirms that a predatory child abduction has occurred. When the child is in imminent danger and there is information available that is disseminated to the public, they can assist in the safe recovery of the child.  In the bill, we have provided that the Attorney General would set these minimum standards. So the same standards would be used across every State, probably close to what I have read, and therefore avoid a plethora of unnecessary AMBER Alerts. We can have a system which really functions well in those cases where the likelihood is that something grievous could in fact happen to that child.  I am hopeful that we will shortly have a national system with 15 AMBER Alerts. We are very proud that the National Association of Broadcasters isstrongly supportive. As you know, when an AMBER Alert goes out, it interrupts the television program or radio program. It is on the highway. That is what gives the broad knowledge to people.  Interestingly enough, at the hearing, Marc Klaas was also there. His daughter Polly several years ago--in the mid-1990s--was taken from her bedroom when she had a sleepover with a number of girls in her home. Someone came into her home and took her. He truly believes that had AMBER Alert been in place, Polly might have been saved.  At that hearing, we had Nichole and her mother. She was saved. And we had Marc Klaas, who lost his daughter because there was not an AMBER Alert. For many of us, it was a real juxtaposition.  I thank the Center for Missing and Exploited Children. I thank my colleague, Senator Hutchison. I particularly thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Without Senator Leahy, this bill couldn't have been put on the calendar, it couldn't have been marked up, and it couldn't have been moved in the very short time in which it was.  I think it has accomplished something for our children today. It will pass unanimously. Only 15 States have it. And hopefully other States are going to move very rapidly. Hopefully one day Senator Hutchison and I will be able to come before you, Mr. President, and the rest of this body, and say that every State in the United States today has an AMBER Alert. Here are the statistics, ladies and gentlemen. We have saved a lot of children and had them returned to their parents.  I only say to the Senator, my friend, good work. I am delighted to be here today.  I thank my colleagues for voting for this bill.  