 I found his comments really quite amazing. On the one hand, he was saying how generous he was being to California; on the other hand, he was saying: Tough, if it spikes your cost of gasoline; tough, if you don't have enough refinery capability, that is your fault. I am for the farmers in the Midwest, and all the rest of you be damned.  I don't appreciate that very much. I will tell you something: When the price of gasoline does spike and people are calling, I will refer them to your office, Senator, and be happy to do so. We are being forced to use something we do not need. It would be one thing if we needed it to meet clean air standards. We are being forced to use 2.68 billion gallons of ethanol we do not need in California to meet clean air standards. I resent that.  I resent that the policy of the United States Senate mandates that we have to use something we do not need that is going to cost us more, that is going to prevent us from getting highway money and transportation money because it is going to cut the highway trust fund by $7 billion.  I resent the fact that I am on the Energy Committee and this bill was not even run by the committee; that there has been no public hearing held on any part of it. I resent that fact.  I resent the fact that you don't care whether my State has the refining capacity or not to meet this in time. We have tried to be nice all during this debate, but I resent the fact that this is a deal cut in secret, when nobody who is affected adversely has a chance to weigh in.  I resent the fact that we have no chance to get experts before a committee, to say what we do and do not know about ethanol.  I resent the fact that everybody says it is just great, when scientists have said it may have real problems attributed to it and we cannot even have a hearing to listen to those problems. I resent that. I do not think it is good public policy. It might be good in a political campaign.  I resent the fact that I had the refiners, the ethanol people and the corn farmers, in my office for 8 months trying to negotiate something that California could live with, and then both Presidential candidates announced their support of ethanol and the corn growers reversed and said: Forget you, we are not going to negotiate with you; now we can get much more. And the ``much more'' has resulted in a tripling of an additive we do not need.  Senator Boxer and I are standing here like two lone sheep trying to make an argument when the deal has already been cut, when we have never been consulted. The Senator from New York, what is she going to do when her gasoline price spikes--because it is going to--because we did not have that opportunity?  I resent that as public policy. I have every right to. I represent 34.5 million people, the fifth-largest economic engine on Earth, and we are being told: It is good for corn farmers, so, you guys, lay down and take it. I am being told: Oh, we have a credit trading system. But the fact of the matter is, if you really read the fine print: Use it or pay for it.  I have a problem with that public policy. And I have every right to stand on this Senate floor and say I have a problem with it, and say I think this is unfair, and say I think it is done in the dark of night, and say I do not think anybody who is really affected by it has been let into that secret, dark room.  Yes, you have all cut your deal, and both coasts are going to suffer because of it.  I talk to Senators who I was surprised were in on the deal. What they told me was: We had to, or they would not let us stop using MTBE. We had to, or they would not let us stop using MTBE. That is the way public policy is made.  It is wrong. I am sorry, it is wrong. We lose today, but guess what, we will watch this thing. We will watch this with the eyes of a hawk. You can be sure we will have more to say about itbecause it is bad public policy. To mandate States to use something they don't need, when they can meet clean air standards with reformulated fuel except for a small part of the year, in a certain market--it is wrong. It is bad public policy.  