 President, today, I am pleased to join Senator Hutchison in introducing legislation that will save children's lives by expanding the existing AMBER Alert program nationwide.  AMBER Alerts are official bulletins broadcast over the airwaves to enlist the public's help in tracking down abducted children facing imminent danger from their kidnappers.  The power of the AMBER alert can be seen in the recent kidnapping of Tamara Brooks and Jacqueline Marris.  On August 1, 2002, twenty-four hours after the State of California launched its statewide AMBER Alert program, Tamara Brooks, 16, and Jacqueline Marris, 17, were abducted from their vehicles at gunpoint in Lancaster, CA.  Shortly thereafter, the California Highway Patrol issued an AMBER Alert on the girls disappearance.  Within the next few hours, concerned members of the community called into CHP hotlines, delivering a flurry of crucial tips that helped locate the suspect.  A driver on state Highway 178 spotted the abductor's stolen white bronco in Walker Pass, approximately 70 miles east of Bakersfield.  Two hours later, a CalTrans worker spotted the suspect on Highway 178, and,  A Kern County animal control officer spotted the Bronco on a local dirt road.  Based on these tips, sheriff's deputies located the girls and their abductor, Roy Ratliff, in a vehicle in a dry riverbed, just 12 hours after the abduction.  Ratliff was killed during an exchange of gunfire with sheriff's deputies, and the girls were returned home safely.  The AMBER Alert system and the effective work of the Kern County Sheriff's Department may be the only reasons those girls are alive today.  Children abducted in States without an AMBER Alert system, however, may not have been so fortunate.  That is why we are introducing this legislation, to spur the development of State and local AMBER plans across the country so we can increase the chances that children abducted by strangers can be returned home safely.  Each year, more than 58,000 children in the United States are abducted by non-family members, often in connection with another crime.  In the most dangerous type of child abduction, stranger abduction, fully 40 percent of children are murdered.  Speed is crucial to any effective law enforcement response to these most deadly cases.  According to a study by the U.S. Department of Justice, 74 percent of children who were abducted, and later found murdered, were killed within three hours of being taken.  AMBER Alerts are a proven weapon in the fight against stranger abductions, especially in those cases where an abducted child is facing an imminent threat of harm.  The program is named after nine-year-old Amber Hagerman who was kidnapped and murdered in Arlington, TX in 1996.  The power of the AMBER alert system is that an alert can be issued within minutes of an abduction, disseminating key information of the crime to the community at large.  Nationally, since 1996, the AMBER Alert has been credited with the safe return of 29 children to their families, including one case in which an abductor reportedly released the child after hearing the alert himself.  These are 29 families who didn't have to suffer the pain of losing a loved one. Twenty-nine families who didn't have to bury a child.  Since the State of California first adopted AMBER alerts a month ago, the State has issued 13 AMBER alerts. Each of the AMBER Alerts concluded with the missing child being united with their families.  Eight of these alerts involved stranger abductions. Four involved family members, and one case is considered a false alarm.  I would like to describe two of these cases: the rescue of four-year-old Jessica Cortez from Los Angeles and 10-year-old Nichole Timmons from Riverside.  Jessica disappeared from Echo Park in Los Angeles on August 11, 2002.  But when Jessica's abductor took her to a clinic for medical care, receptionist Denise Leon recognized Jessica from the AMBER Alert and notified law enforcement.  Without the publicity generated by the alert, Jessica could have been lost to her parents forever.  Nichole Timmons was kidnapped from her Riverside home on August 20.  In Nichole's case, an Alert was issued not just in California, but in Nevada as well.  A tribal police officer in Nevada spotted the truck of Nichole's abductor and stopped him within 24 hours of the abduction.  He was found with duct tape and a metal pipe.  The AMBER Alert enabled Nichole to return home safely to her parents.  The legislation we are introducing today is simple, yet very important.  First, it would establish a national coordinator for AMBER Alerts in the Department of Justice to expand the network of AMBER Alert systems and to coordinate the issuance of region-wide AMBER Alerts.  We need regional coordination of AMBER Alert because, as we saw in the case of Nichole Timmons, abductors of children may cross State lines as they flee crime scenes.  Second, the bill would establish grant programs in the Department of Justice and the Department of Transportation to provide for the development of AMBER Alert systems, electronic message boards, and training and education programs in states that do not have AMBER Alerts.  To date, AMBER Alert systems exist in only 15 States and 32 local and regional jurisdictions. This bill would help the expansion of AMBER Alerts to new jurisdictions.  Third, the bill directs the Department of Justice to establish minimum standards for the coordination of AMBER alerts between jurisdictions.  Minimum standards are needed because many of the existing AMBER plans have slightly different standards for an AMBER Alert, such as when to issue an alert.  Without a common standard, sharing AMBER Alerts between states will be difficult.  I would also like to stress what the bill does not do.  It is the specific intent of this bill not to interfere with the operation of the 50 State and local AMBER plans that are working so well.  Participation in regional AMBER plans is only voluntary, and any plan that wishes to go it alone may still do so.  The bill also does not change the very strict criteria of the AMBER Alert.  AMBER Alerts are successful because they are issued rarely, and only when strict criteria are met.  A typical AMBER Alert is only issued when a law enforcement agency confirms that a stranger abduction has occurred, the child is in imminent danger, and there is information available that, if disseminated to the public could assist in the safe recovery of the child.  The effectiveness of the system depends on the continued judicious use of the alert so that the public does not grow to ignore the warnings.  This bill is carefully designed to preserve the Alert's ongoing effectiveness.  In sum, through this legislation, we can extend to every corner of the nation a network of AMBER Alerts that will protect our children.  If we can set up a program that will increase the odds that an abducted child can return to his or her family safely, then I believe the program will be well worth it.  We know the AMBER Alert system works. We know that every community in America should have access to it.  