 President, I rise to join my colleagues Senators Specter, Kennedy, Hatch, Harkin and Thurmond to introduce legislation banning human cloning, but permitting valuable stem cell research to continue.  At the dawn of a new era in medicine, it would be unconscionable for Congress to prohibit medical research that offers hope to so many people with crippling and often incurable diseases. There is broad agreement across our society that human reproductive cloning should be prohibited. And our bill bans human reproductive cloning. But there is also widescale support to continue research that may yield cures for paralysis, cancer, Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's and so many other illnesses. And our bill allows this important research to continue. Simply put, nuclear transplantation research has nothing to do with cloning humans. Rather, it has everything to do with saving lives and alleviating suffering.  The legislation we are introducing today bans human reproductive cloning, that is, creating a whole-body, carbon copy of a human being. Such cloning is unsafe, immoral, and unacceptable. Under the bill, anyone who even attempts human cloning will be subject to 10 years in jail and a minimum $1 million fine. However, the bill does not ban somatic cell nuclear transplantation. This is a technique that offers enormous potential for providing cures for diseases such as cancer, diabetes, cystic fibrosis, and heart disease as well as conditions such as spinal cord injuries, liver damage, arthritis, and burns.  Somatic cell nuclear transportation works like this: 1. The nucleus, that is, the DNA, is taken from the body cell of a sick person; 2. It is then injected into an unfertilized egg from which the nucleus has been removed; and 3. The egg is stimulated to divide and produce stem cells. These stem cells can potentially grow into any organ or tissue. This ``new'' organ or tissue would have the same DNA as the sick person and thus can be implanted without rejection by the person's body. This could save the lives of the thousands of people every year waiting for an organ or tissue to be donated or who receive a transplant but suffer complications from powerful immuno-suppression drugs.  Today, almost 80,000 Americans are waiting for organ transplants, while hundreds of thousands more need tissue transplants. Nuclear transplantation research offers many other applications as well. It could be used to produce human proteins such as blood clotting factors that aid in healing wounds. It could yield information on stem cell differentiation, providing valuable information about the mechanism of aging and the cause of cancer. It could even be used to find a cure for cancer by teaching us how to reprogram cells. However, we must acknowledge that nuclear transplantation research, like all scientific and medical research involving human diseases and conditions, involves complex ethical issues.  Currently, this research is largely unregulated in the private sector. That is why this legislation would impose a number of ethical requirements on it, including informed consent, an ethics board review, and protections for the safety and privacy of research participants. These regulations are found in Subparts A and B of 45 CFR 46 and are incorporated in full into the bill we introduce today. Currently, these regulations apply to any research done or funded by the federal government. Our legislation would extend the regulations to all research involving somatic cell nuclear transplantation.  The bottom line is that these regulations will prevent exploitation of women as part of nuclear transplantation research and, more generally, require that researchers do this research in an ethical manner. These regulations are already routinely applied to government-funded researchers who do research on human subjects, and they seem to have worked well. Moreover, the bill provides that anyone engaging in unethical nuclear transplantation research would face up to a $250,000 fine.  I ask unanimous consent that a summary of Subparts A and B of 45 CFR 46 be printed in the Record directly following my remarks.  