  Mr. Anderson and Mr. Walter are the first nominees to come out of California's new bipartisan Judicial Advisory Committee, which Senator Boxer and I established with the cooperation and agreement of the White House. It is testament to the qualifications of both Mr. Anderson and Mr. Percy that each of these nominees was unanimously endorsed by the bipartisan advisory committee. Moreover, the Judiciary Committee unanimously approved their nominations.  The process that led to these nominations is representative of how the system can work, and should work, to produce highly qualified judicial candidates. This process should serve as an example to other states as they too, work with the White House to develop nominating systems. Now, I would like to describe the nominees.  Mr. Anderson, a resident of Inglewood, CA, has spent his entire 25-year legal career practicing law in southern California including a 6-year stint as an Assistant U.S. Attorney and 15 years in private practice. He is currently a partner at the firm of Sonneschein, Nath, and Rosenthal, where he specializes in commercial litigation and criminal defense. Judges and private practitioners in the Los Angeles area consistently praise Mr. Anderson for his legal acumen, high ethical standards, and professionalism.  The other nominee we will vote on this morning is Jack Walter, a resident of Pacific Palisades, CA. Mr. Walter's credentials are equally outstanding. Since 1976, Mr. Walter has practiced criminal and civil litigation in a firm he co-founded, Walter, Firestone & Richter in 1976. Over the years, Mr. Walter has represented over 75 indigent defendants who were charged with crimes in Federal court.  Mr. Walter has also served as a judge pro tempore in the Santa Monica Municipal Court for over 5 years. Mr. Walter has legions of supporters in the legal community, including Customs Commissioner Robert Bonner.  The ABA rated Mr. Walter as ``Well-Qualified,'' its highest rating.  Before concluding, I want to stress to the Senate how urgent it is to fill these vacancies in the Central District of California. With six vacancies, the Central District has one of the most acute shortages of unfilled judgeships of any court in the country. The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts has designated four of these vacancies as ``judicial emergencies.'' With the nominations of Percy Anderson and Jack Walter, we are taking a much-needed step forward to alleviate the vacancy crisis in the Central District.  In conclusion, I want to thank Senator Leahy for his expedited review and fair handling of these nominees.  