 President, I rise to express my deep disappointment in the language in the Gramm substitute related to unaccompanied alien children. As a result, I stand in support of Title XII of the Lieberman substitute, which contains provisions based on S. 121, bipartisan legislation I introduced in Jan. 2001.  My disappointment is best understood with the following example. Not long ago, the Nation's attention was focused on the plight of Elian Gonzalez and whether he should be allowed to stay in the U.S. or return to Cuba.  At the same time, a young 15-year old Chinese girl stood before a U.S. immigration court facing deportation proceedings.  She had found her way to the United States as a stowaway in a container ship captured off Guam, hoping to escape the repression she had experienced in her home country.  And although she had committed no crime, the INS sent her to a Portland jail, where she languished for seven months. When the INS brought her before an immigration judge, she stood before him confused, not understanding the proceedings against her.  Tears streamed down her face, yet she could not wipe them away because her hands were handcuffed and chained to her waist.  While the young girl eventually received asylum in our country, she unnecessarily faced an ordeal no child should bear under our immigration system.  This young Chinese girl represents only one of 5,000 foreign-born children who, without parents or legal guardians to protect them, are discovered in the United States each year in need of protection.  When discovered by Federal authorities, these children are not always greeted with the special care and attention they deserve. Nearly 2,000 of them served time in juvenile jails, even though most had committed no crime. One child was even detained for 5 years. Many are handcuffed and placed in cells with other juveniles who have committed serious violent crimes.  Because of their age and inexperience, children may not be able to articulate their fears or testify to their needs with the same degree of accuracy as adults. Yet despite these facts, no Federal laws and policies have been developed and implemented, thus far, to protect them.  While not all children will merit asylum, providing them appointed counsel would help the INS and the courts understand the special circumstances of the child's arrival in the United States, while at the same time help the child to understand the process he or she is undergoing.  In my mind this goes a long way in explaining my opposition to the Gramm substitute as it relates to unaccompanied alien children and why the Lieberman substitute is much stronger in this regard.  Both pieces of legislation sought comprehensive reform in the way in which these vulnerable children are treated while under the watch of immigration authorities.  The Gramm substitute, however, would strip many of the important reforms relating to unaccompanied alien children from the homeland security bill.  Moreover, the provisions with respect to these children included in the Gramm substitute are nothing more than a legislative sleight of hand that appears to make reforms, but in reality would render those provisions meaningless.  Clearly, most unaccompanied alien children do not pose a threat to our national security, and must be treated with all the care and decency they deserve outside the reach of this new Department.  More specifically, the unaccompanied child protection provisions now contained in Title XII of the Lieberman substitute would make critical reforms to the manner in which unaccompanied alien children are treated under our immigration system.  These provisions would also: preserve the functions of apprehending and adjudicating immigration claims of such children, and, when the situation warrants, of repatriating a child to his home country, within the Immigration Affairs Agency, and under the larger umbrella of homeland security.  The unaccompanied alien child protection provisions would transfer the care and custody of these children to the Department of Health and Human Services. Its Office of Refugee Resettlement has real expertise in dealing with both child welfare and immigration issues.  At the same time, these provisions would establish minimum standards for the care of unaccompanied alien children; provide mechanisms to ensure that unaccompanied alien children have access to counsel; permit the Director of the Office of Refugee Resettlement to appoint guardian ad litem,if necessary, to look after the children's interests; and provide safeguards to ensure that children engaged in criminal behavior remain under the control of immigration enforcement authorities at all times.  Roughly 5,000 foreign-born children under the age of 18 enter the United States each year unaccompanied by parents or other legal guardians. Some have fled political persecution, war, famine, abusive families, or other life-threatening conditions in their home countries.  They often have a harder time than adults in expressing their fears or testifying in court, especially if they lack English language proficiency.  Unbelievably, some of these children are subjected to such punitive actions as shackling, the use of leg manacles, and strip searches while in INS custody. Others are housed with violent juvenile offenders, or subjected to solitary confinement.  Despite these horrific circumstances, the Federal response has fallen short in providing for their protection.  Unaccompanied minors are among the most vulnerable of the world's asylum seekers, and they deserve our support and protection.  And yet, no immigration laws or policies currently exist that effectively meet the needs of these children. Instead, children are being forced to struggle through a complex system that was designed for adults.  It is important that we address this issue in this present legislation for a number of reasons.  First of all, as we contemplate transferring the functions of the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) into the proposed new Department of Homeland Security, we must ensure that the new Department is not burdened with functions that do not relate to its core mission.  For decades now, the INS has failed in its responsibility to care for these vulnerable children. As we transfer and reshape the INS in this legislation, it is imperative to relieve the agency of its responsibility of the care and custody of unaccompanied children.  Doing so would accomplish two ends: one, it would permit the INS to focus its energies, efforts, and attention on its core missions; and two, it would transfer the care and custody of the these children to the Office of Refugee Resettlement, ORR, an office that is better suited and much more experienced in handling the complexities of the children's situations.  As we turn over these responsibilities to a different agency, Congress must clearly define its expectations of the agency regarding the standards of care for these children.  It would be irresponsible for us to do anything less.  Quite frankly, it confounds me that, after more than a century since the first federal immigration law was enacted, our immigration system is still incapable of meeting the special needs of these children, whether those needs are medical, psychological, or legal.  This is why, in an effort to change current U.S. policy toward the treatment of unaccompanied foreign-born children, I introduced the ``Unaccompanied Alien Child Protection Act'', S. 121.  The overall purpose of this legislation is to refocus our policy away from treating these children like criminals, and to move toward a system that protects and serves their best interests.  Sometimes, this means safely returning them to a parent or guardian in their home country.  In other, more extraordinary cases, a child's best interest may involve a grant of asylum.  As introduced, S. 121 was a reasonable, moderate, bipartisan bill with the main purpose of reforming the care of unaccompanied alien children who come to the attention of Federal authorities.  As reasonable as it was, my staff and I conducted numerous meetings and phone calls with the Department of Justice and the INS, to further refine the bill's provisions.  Last February, the Judiciary Subcommittee in Immigration held a hearing on the legislation.  I listened to all of the ideas that they expressed, and I addressed almost all of them in the modifications that were made in the version of the legislation now included in Title XII of the Lieberman substitute.  Still, after all this compromise, the administration did not bother to even mention Title XII in its statement of administration policy of this legislation.  Given the moderate nature of Title XII, and given the fact that so many Republicans are cosponsors of it, I urge the Senate to maintain the provisions I have outlined today, rather than accept the evisceration of the bill's core protections that would result under the Gramm substitute.  If it becomes necessary, in the coming days I intend to offer an amendment to restore these important provisions to the homeland security bill.  And I will call on my colleagues to support that amendment.  