 President, I rise today in support of the amendment offered by Senators Graham and Smith to add a prescription drug benefit to the Medicare program for low-income beneficiaries and those with high drug costs.  The amendment offered today is built on consensus and compromise, and is the product of weeks of extensive discussion. I believe in its final form, this amendment strikes a balance between the Senate's proper exercise of fiscal responsibility and the need to expand and update the Medicare program to include some help with the high costs of prescription drugs for today's 40 million Medicare beneficiaries.  I want to thank my good friend, Senator Lincoln Chafee, for his commitment to getting prescription drugs to those in our society who are the sickest and the poorest. I have been working with him since the end of June in developing a cost effective alternative that would get prescription drugs to the lowest income and the sickest in our society immediately.  I believe that the Graham-Smith amendment we are debating today addresses my major concern which is to provide low-income individuals in our society with access to a full, prescription drug benefit at low cost.  I am pleased that others in the Senate agree with me that at a minium we should provide a comprehensive benefit to those individuals in our communities who are making daily decisions about eating or paying rent and buying their necessary, life-saving prescription drugs.  The prescription drug benefit created by this amendment includes three important components.  First, this amendment creates a voluntary, low-income benefit so that seniors would no longer be forced to continue making decisions between food or medicine. Under this plan, beneficiaries would pay no premium, no annual fee, and no deductible. Their only cost would be a nominal copay of $2 for a generic drug and $5 for a brand name drug.  I believe the assurance that over 18 million Medicare beneficiaries, 47 percent of all Medicare beneficiaries, with incomes below $17,720, 200 percent of the Federal poverty level, would have access to needed prescription drugs at a nominal cost is the most important component of this proposal.  For California, this means that 1.8 million senior citizens and disabled Medicare beneficiaries, 49 percent, with incomes below $17,720 for an individual and $23,880 for a couple would have immediate access to all needed drugs.  Second, this amendment would provide all 40 million Medicare beneficiaries with access to catastrophic coverage. For a simple cost of $25 a year for those with incomes above $17,720, every beneficiary would have the assurance that once out-of-pocket spending for prescription drugs exceeds $3,300, a copayment of $10 would provide them with access to full coverage at no additional cost to them.  Beneficiaries with incomes below $17,720 would not be responsible for the $10 copay. Low-income individuals would receive this benefit at no cost.  Third, this amendment provides the 14 million Medicare beneficiaries, 35 percent, making over $17,720 with access to discounts of about 25 percent on each prescription. For an annual fee of $25, these beneficiaries would have access to the federal negotiated rate and would receive a 5 percent government subsidy in addition on each prescription they purchase.  In California, this means an additional 1.9 million senior citizens and disabled Medicare beneficiaries, 51 percent, who are not eligible for low-income assistance would benefit from discounts of 25-30 percent on each prescription.  By providing coverage to low-income individuals and those with high drug bills, this proposal meets the most fundamental needs of our nation's senior citizens and disabled.  Passing this amendment is timely. On a daily basis, my office hears from California's seniors about the financial constraints they face which often prohibits them from buying necessary medication.  I recently heard from Helen Cecil, a senior citizen from Paramount, CA on this issue. She lives on a fixed monthly income of $1,000. Her rent is $421 a month, and she spends $150 a month on her prescriptions to treat high cholesterol, hypertension and arthritis. In total, Helen spends $1,800 annually on medication. She admits to having only one option: She must cut down on food in order to buy her medications.  Under the Graham-Smith amendment, Helen would pay no monthly premium and no deductible. She would only pay $2 per prescription for generic drugs. Assuming she purchases generic drugs, her monthly bill of $150 for three medications to treat her chronic health conditions would drop to approximately $6. Helen saves about $142 monthly. This is money she can use to buy groceries.  For the millions of Medicare beneficiaries that face the same predicament as Helen Cecil, I believe the government has a responsibility to see that they are not forced to choose between buying food and buying medications. Quite frankly, it is hard to think that in the richest nation on earth, we have allowed a situation to evolve where so many of our elderly must make such a choice.  I am hopeful that the Senate won't fail our Nation's sickest, poorest and most frail.  In the hopes of breaking the gridlock of this debate, and with the need topass legislation that meets both the budgetary restrictions of these uncertain times and the needs of our nation's low-income seniors, I urge my colleagues to support the Graham-Smith amendment.  