 President, I am pleased to bring before the Senate the conference agreement on the fiscal year 2003 military construction appropriations bill.  While the United States is engaged in a war on terrorism, and Congress is debating whether to give the President the authority to attack Iraq, it is timely that we are also acting to provide the military with the resources it needs to carry out its missions. The military construction appropriations bill funds scores of mission critical and quality of life infrastructure projects that are essential to support the efforts of the military.  I am pleased that the Senate has moved quickly to take up this conference agreement. This bill provides nearly $10.5 billion in new budget authority, an amount only slightly below last year's funding. Given the many additional requirements being imposed on the military, particularly to meet new antiterrorism and force protections standards, additional funding would have been helpful. Still, within the funding constraints imposed on the bill, this measure does an excellent job of meeting the most critical infrastructure needs of the services.  Mr. President, the projects in this bill address military readiness, quality of life, and anti-terrorism/force protection requirements. The conference attempted to address as many of the services' priorities as possible, and I believe we have done a good job in that respect, particularly in light of the fact that the House and Senate bills had very significant differences between them.  The conference agreement provides nearly $4.9 billion for the active components of the military. It provides $688 million for the guard and reserve, more than double the President's budget request. Within these amounts is included $799 million for anti-terrorism/force protection enhancements for military facilities worldwide. This commitment to protect American military bases will help to ensure the security of military personnel and the families, as well as to protect the taxpayers' substantial investment in defense infrastructure.  The Conference Agreement also provides $1.2 billion for barracks, and $4.2 billion for military family housing, both of which are top quality of life priorities for military personnel and their families.  There are two other very important items that merit mention. The first is a $25 million initiative to accelerate the construction associated with the Army's Stryker Brigade combat teams.  The Stryker Brigades will offer the military fast, light-weight, air-mobile combat power--a far advanced system when compared to the restrictions with heavy armor.  An additional $25 million initiative will accelerate the Air Force's C-17 Air Mobility Program.  The C-17 initiative will provide the infrastructure needed to support and enhance the ability of one of the air force's most dependable aircraft, capable of transporting both troops and equipment. The C-17 program will help address the significant shortfall in Military airlift requirements.  The conference report also includes $20 million dollars for a BRAC Environmental cleanup initiative.  This initiative assists Military installations that have been closed as part of the base realignment and closure effort. This additional funding, in addition to the budget requested amount, is necessary to enable the military to honor its commitments to the people and the communities that have been affected by these last four rounds of base closure.  This is a start, but much more will be needed to complete the environmental clean up of BRAC sites across the nation in a reasonable period of time. This is certainly something that should be considered before the nation embarks on any future rounds of base closings.  Mr. President, I thank chairman Byrd, Senator Stevens, and my ranking member on the subcommittee, Senator Hutchison, for their support and assistance in bringing this conference agreement to the Senate. I also thank the subcommittee staff, including Christina Evans and BG Wright of the majority staff; Sid Ashworth and Alycia Farrell of the minority staff; and Matt Miller of my staff, for their hard work on this measure.  Given the difficulties that have faced the appropriations process this year, I am pleased and grateful that the military construction bill will be sent to the President prior to the Senate's adjournment. I urge the President to sign this bill without delay.  