 President, the text of this amendment is identical to the legislation that the Banking Committee ordered reported from the committee by a voice vote yesterday. In other words, it was a unanimous vote in the Banking Committee.  I rise today in support of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2004. This is the bill, as everyone knows, that was successfully reported out of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs yesterday.  I am proud of this piece of legislation which was crafted on a bipartisan basis with cooperation from the distinguished Senator from Maryland, Mr. Sarbanes, the committee's ranking member.  This amendment, which I hope will be part of the bill, provides record growth for public transportation at $56.5 billion--a 57-percent increase over TEA-21. This funding level tracks with the growth in the highway program to $255 billion. This combined funding will go a long way toward improving and expanding upon our Nation's transportation infrastructure. I am pleased, as I said, to be working with the Environment and Public Works Committee chairman, Senator Inhofe, to accomplish this goal.  Our amendment, which will be part of the bill, we trust, accomplishes three important policy goals. It creates funding flexibility, increases accountability, and improves the performance and efficiency of the transit programs in the United States.  The bill creates several new formulas to better address growing transit needs. A rural low density formula is created to allow for transit services in sparsely populated areas where employment centers and health care are great distances apart. A growing States formula is created to allow communities with populations projected to grow significantly in the coming years to put in place needed transportation infrastructure. A small transit intensive cities formula is created to address the needs of communities where the level of transit service exceeds what their population-based formula provides.  Our bill also creates a super-high density formula to provide additional funding for States with transit needs that are particularly great because they have transit systems in extremely urban areas with high utilization rates.  The bill increases the accountability within the transit program. It rewards transit agencies to deliver products that are on time, on budget, and provide the benefits that they promised. Further, this bill allows communities to consider more cost-effective, flexible solutions to their transportation needs by opening up eligibility of a new starts fund to nonfixed guideway projects under $75 million in cost. With this change, other solutions can be fostered, such as bus rapid transit, which can produce the majority of the benefit of rail at a fraction of the cost.  Finally, the bill seeks to improve the performance and efficiency of transit systems nationwide. It provides incentives for the coordination of human service transportation activities to eliminate duplication and overlap. It increases the focus on safety and security needs with transit systems to insulate them against terrorist attacks. It also enhances the role of the private sector in providing public transportation in an effort to reduce costs and to improve service.  In short, the Federal Public Transportation Act is a good bill and one that will dramatically improve the public transportation program to help Americans with their mobility needs in urban and rural areas nationwide.  I commend this to the Senate and ask my colleagues for their support.  