 President, I rise to express my strong support for the Specter amendment currently pending before the Senate. However, I want to first take a moment to commend Senator Collins and Senator Lieberman for their hard work and dedication to this important legislation. These are difficult issues and I believe that we all strive to reach the same goal--a safer, more secure America. The question before us now is how we best accomplish that goal.  I have long advocated for significant overhaul of the intelligence community in order to change the way it operates and specifically who controls the community and its assets. For too long, the intelligence community has lacked a strong leader with the ability to command and control the multitude of agencies that operate as independent parts without a focused direction.  I do not believe that Congress's action in 1947 intended to create the intelligence framework we currently have--a framework where no one has the ability to direct the actions of the community as a whole. I believe that Congress intended to create a Director of Central Intelligence with clear lines of authority and accountability within the intelligence community--one that is much like what we are attempting to create now with a national intelligence director.  The underlying bill does take some important steps toward the creation of a national intelligence director with the power and authority to chart a path for real reform within the intelligence community. Unfortunately, I believe that the underlying bill fails to provide the national intelligence director with all of the authorities required to provide the unity of leadership and accountability necessary for real reform.  I believe that clear lines of authority between the national intelligence director and our national intelligence collection agencies, extending beyond budgetary control, are critical to our success in countering national security threats of the 21st century. The national intelligence director must have the ability to direct, supervise and control the elements of the intelligence community.  There must be no doubt in anyone's mind that the national intelligence director is in charge. Without the additional authorities that are provided in the Specter amendment, there will be doubt.  The Specter amendment seeks to eliminate any question about who is ultimately in charge of the intelligence community. With the additional authority included in this amendment, there will no longer be an opportunity for finger pointing and excuse making.  Ultimately, the national intelligence director will either be congratulated for the success of the intelligence community or held accountable for their failures.  I believe that budgetary authority is an important part of the overall structure of a strong national intelligence director. But beyond that, he or she must have day-to-day operational control of all elements of the intelligence community performing national intelligence collection missions, including the Central Intelligence Agency, the National Reconnaissance Office, the National Security Agency, and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, and the humint parts of the Defense Intelligence Agency.  Giving the national intelligence director budget authority but not day-to-day operational control will leave the intelligence agencies serving two masters and will inevitably maintain the status quo that has continuously failed us. Fundamental change is a must if we are going to work to prevent any further attacks.  I believe this amendment serves as a perfect complement to the actions taken in the National Intelligence Reform bill. This amendment simply enhances the authority of the national intelligence director.  I continue to believe that change for the sake of change will do nothing to accomplish our goal. A powerful national intelligence director is a vital part of our future fight against the terrorists that have dedicated their lives for the purpose of destroying America and its citizens. If we truly want to create a strong national intelligence director who has the authorities necessary to command and control our intelligence community and its assets, we must pass the Specter amendment.  I urge my colleagues to take advantage of this opportunity and support this amendment to ensure that true change is possible through the enabling of a powerful national intelligence director.  