 President, I would first like to acknowledge the leadership of Senator Bunning in crafting this legislation. In addition, several members of the Banking Committee, from both sides of the aisle, are co-sponsors on S. 2238. The Banking Committee unanimously voted to favorably report S. 2238 on March 30, 2004. This has truly been a bipartisan effort.  This is important legislation that will go a long way in bringing the flood insurance fund toward financial soundness, while protecting existing property owners. The pilot program established in Section 102 will help to address the mitigation of severe repetitive loss properties. These properties, while only a small percentage of insured properties, constitute a large share of claims paid. FEMA estimates that while repetitive loss properties only account for approximately 1 percent of all insured properties, these properties account for over 30 percent of amounts paid in claims. In addition, most of these properties were constructed before the development of flood insurance rate maps, and are paying subsidized rates for flood insurance.  S. 2238 provides an additional $40 million annually for mitigation activities. This additional funding will allow families that have lived through several floods and suffered substantial harm, both financial and emotional, to either flood-proof their home or have their home bought-out.  I also want to commend Senator Sarbanes for his efforts. Title II of S. 2238 is largely his creation. I believe Title II will ensure that families displaced by floods receive adequate and timely assistance.  The managers' amendment to S. 2238 represents several technical and conforming changes. First the definition of repetitive loss property is narrowed. This change was made to assure concerned parties that the pilot program would be targeted at those properties that have indeed suffered the greatestlosses. The managers' amendment also clarifies the funding allocation of the additional mitigation dollars that will be provided under the pilot program. A more explicit allocation is needed to insure that those States hit hardest by flooding receive an adequate flow of funding. The managers' amendment also extends the pilot program and the National Flood Insurance Program until September 30, 2009.  