 Lautenberg.  As chairman of the Banking Committee which has jurisdiction over legislation pertaining to U.S. economic sanctions, I am more than a little familiar with the issue addressed by the amendment of the Senator from New Jersey. While his intent may be laudatory, the language of his amendment and the manner in which it has been proposed are not.  There is a reason all administrations oppose legislation such as this amendment. Not only do they argue that it infringes on their constitutional right to conduct foreign policy--an argument we admittedly employ or ignore as the need arises--but, more importantly, the White House invariably recognizes the potential for the law of unintended consequences to come into play. There has been no opportunity for those consequences to be considered in a truly deliberative manner because the legislation has not been brought before the Banking Committee for any type of hearing.  I take a backseat to no Member in this body in my support of strong economic sanctions as a vital tool in our foreign policy and national security arsenal, and I have been a strong advocate of closing loopholes that weaken those sanctions. My support for the Helms-Burton legislation was a case in point.  In addition, as one of the few Members of the Senate who opposes weakening the Government's ability to prevent the flow of military-sensitive technologies to countries with poor records in the areas of proliferation and support for terrorists, I believe my credentials in this area are quite strong.  The intent, as I understand it, behind the amendment of the Senator from New Jersey is certainly meritorious. We all support the war against terrorism and the need to staunch the flow of dollars to terrorist organizations. Under my chairmanship, the Banking Committee has been investigating the issue of terrorist financing for over a year, and has additional hearings scheduled on the subject in the weeks ahead.  We are taking this issue very seriously. We are examining the structure of the Federal Government to stem the flow of dollars to terrorist organizations. We work very closely with the Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets and Control which is the Government's vehicle for enforcing U.S. economic sanctions to further prevent these organizations from gaining access to sources of revenue with which to fund their operation. OFAC, the Federal office responsible for enforcing sanctions, opposes the Lautenberg legislation.  I stand ready to work with the Senator from New Jersey to ensure U.S. economic sanctions have the requisite team to accomplish the objective for which they are imposed. But this amendment is not the way to go.  I urge my colleagues to support the motion to table.  