Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. Clayton) for that very generous statement and strong support and also for her continuing leadership on so many fronts. I know that some of the initiatives that the gentlewoman has taken on for Africa, for example, using these programs will be the first time that farmer to farmer programs and modernization programs will be used for development in rural Africa in areas that so desperately need attention, and I hope that the people of North Carolina understand the genius that they have sent here in allowing the gentlewoman to serve in our Congress, and I thank the gentlewoman so very much for being here with us today.  In closing, Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to say, as we look at the range of what America can do in order to promote a more peaceful world, what other programs have such scope as these? We are talking here about emergency assistance for Afghan refugees and food inside Afghanistan.  These programs are being used currently in places like Lebanon where for the first time in the history of our country we have taken food commodities such as wheat and soy oil, sold them inside Lebanon, and now we are helping to redevelop villages, very poor, poor villages that did not even have water rights at the Lebanese-Israeli border in order to try to build a more peaceful world.  What other programs do we know that have this kind of range? If we think about the farmer to farmer programs that the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. Clayton) was talking about in Africa or those that operate in the Caribbean, here we have programs that operate globally, using the bounty of this land being a win-win, helping our farmers and our rural communities bolster their income and yet, in my opinion, being the most important development bank that this country has in place with vast experience in every corner of the world.  So as we vote on this motion to instruct today and ultimately move our agriculture appropriation bill, we certainly would ask for the membership's full support of our international food programs, particularly at this time in our Nation's history being front and center and well understood as providing us a path to a more peaceful future.  