Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the very able member of our subcommittee, who has been such a leader on not just domestic food programs but world food programs. We thank her for leaving her committee meeting in order to come to the floor to discuss this very important motion to instruct.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur) for the motion to instruct and I rise in strong support of this motion.  This motion would add vital funds to international aid programs that help both citizens of poor countries and it helps American farmers. Now, more than ever, since the attack of September 11, we must fund these programs at the highest levels possible.  In the last 50 years almost 400 million people worldwide have died from hunger and from being poor. That is three times the number of people killed in all wars fought in the 20th century. Today almost 800 million people, about one-sixth of the population of the world's developing countries, do not have enough food. Two hundred million are children.  U.S. food aid is essential in fighting world hunger. It has been instrumental in averting a famine in the Horn of Africa. It has helped redevelop Bosnia's agricultural sector and feed more than 50,000 children in Haitian schools and hospitals.  Food aid empowers people, families, communities. It enables them to break out of a cycle of hunger and poverty and return to lives of dignity. On a broader scale, food aid helps countries improve their people's health, their incomes, and their living conditions. It helps them progress forward as a nation. And at the same time, the food aid helps our farmers across agricultural sectors, wheat, soybeans, rice,peas, milk to name a few; in one of the darkest times of our agricultural history. It has helped them to sell more of their products and keep their farms and their families secure. At a time when family farms are struggling day-to-day for existence, international food aid offers them hope.  After the tragic events of September 11, more than ever the United States needs to reach out to our neighbors. Our core principles of justice, liberty and opportunity are what makes this Nation strong. We must continue to live by them and promote them. We must continue to provide assistance, support developing nations. We must let these countries know that despite the unspeakable act of terror against our Nation, we will continue to stand strong with them in their fight to improve the lives of their citizens.  