Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, let me rise to say that this is a good bill that, in fact, is getting better at every stage of the legislative process.  The gentleman from Texas (Mr. Bonilla), chairman of the Subcommittee, and our committee staff have worked to draft a fair bill within tight budget allocations; but the underlying amounts in different sections of the bill are far from what is necessary, given many of the needs of rural America and our food assistance programs.  This is the first bill managed by our new chairman, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Bonilla). Let me congratulate him on his maiden voyage as chairman of the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration and Related Agencies and thank the gentleman for his cooperation throughout.  What we all learn together, hopefully, will put us in a position to continue to work towards the best possible bill for America's future.  I want to thank the subcommittee staff: Hank Moore; Martin Delgado; Maureen Holohan; Joanne Orndorff; Jim Richards; Roger Szemraj; and our detailee, Leslie Barrack.  I also want to thank our new minority staff member, Martha Foley, very much for her hard work.  Mr. Chairman, let us put this bill in perspective. To begin with, overall we have a spending level for 2002 of $74,360 billion of which $15,669 billion is discretionary spending, plus an additional $150 million for the Hinchey apple disaster provisions.  Several times today already, each of us have been touched by agriculture and other agencies in this bill: the food that we have eaten; some of the fabrics we are wearing; perhaps, even the blended fuels that were used in the vehicles that brought us to work; or the medications or vitamins that we take on any day.  We have been benefited by the research in this bill, by education and training, by inspection services that are operating at red alert levels now to keep hoof and mouth disease and mad cow disease out of this country, and by marketing services that take the bounty of this land around the world.  Truly, this is the committee that is concerned about food, fiber, the fuels of the future, and the condition of our forests.  Mr. Chairman, nearly 80 percent of the spending in this bill is mandatory spending, including our farm price support programs. Only one-fifth of the bill, 20 percent, is discretionary. Half of the spending in the bill is for food programs which keep America's people the best-fed people on Earth.  The bill, as reported, is about $260 million in discretionary spending above the President's request, but a little more than $3 billion below this year's level due to the absence of natural disaster and other emergency farm provisions.  Earlier, during the discussion on the rule, we discussed several improvements that should be included in this bill that amendments could make possible, but amendments that were denied in the Committee on Rules.  There was an amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro) that would recognize that we need more money for the WIC program, the Women, Infants, and Children feeding program, due to the fact that participation is running 80,000 people more per month than the administration had expected predominantly due to higher unemployment levels.  The amendment of the gentleman from New York (Mr. Hinchey) and others makes room for helping small specialty crop producers who are facing hard times. He has been successful in dealing with one sector, the apple sector, in this bill.  My own effort adopted by the full committee insists that the integrity of producer votes is protected in the pork checkoff program. It directs funds be spent only on those programs that the producers have approved and this directive has been included in the final bill.  Mr. Chairman, there are also other elements that we still need to work through as we amend here on the floor and then as we move to the Senate: one is the Global Food for Education program, which the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern) and the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Emerson) have championed here in the House; improved food safety and increased food inspection need more attention; also new biofuels funding, including ethanol, biodiesel, and biomass-related fuel production to help move America toward energy independence.  There are six titles in this bill, and I just want to highlight a couple major points in each of those.  In Title I, Agricultural Programs, we have been able to take the first steps to fund relocation of some of our important laboratories in Arizona, as well as consolidating and modernizing our key agricultural research facilities in Ames, Iowa.  We are just so happy to be able to make progress there, the most important labs in our country that protect the entire livestock production in our Nation, as well as maintain the best veterinary service that the world knows.  In the APHIS, Animal Planned Health Inspection Service, we have been able to improve by $2 million and increase the buildings account for a facility at the Miami International Airport.  In our conservation programs, the NRCS has scored below the administration request by $25 million.  In rural development in title III, the bill increases these important programs by $87 million over the research request, in the important account of water and wastewater disposal grants funding is included at a level of $75 million over the request.  There is a million dollars included for rural cooperative development grants beyond the request, and $3 million to restore the rural telephone loan program that the administration proposed to end.  In Title IV, Domestic Food Programs, the $18 million in increases above the request will help us to expand the TEFAP program, Temporary Emergency Food Assistance Program, and the Commodity Supplemental Food Program, looking at five new States, Wisconsin, Washington, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, and Missouri.  I mentioned the sufficiency of the WIC program level a little bit earlier. We have to keep our eye on that particularly as we move towards conference with the Senate.  In title V, we have provided a level of 9 million additional dollars in the PL480 title I program above the request level.  In title VI in the Food and Drug Administration, we have provided more than $100 million over the 2001 enacted level. In addition, the bill includes a contingent appropriation of $2.9 million for continued funding of last year's prescription drug importation provision.  Finally, I mentioned the pork checkoff and the apple programs as being included in the final bill that is coming to the floor.  Overall, this bill is a good one and is getting better. It should be one that truly embraces the needs and the challenges of the 21st century.  I will support it and encourage our colleagues to support it. But I also will definitely vote for a number of amendments being offered here on the floor today that can make this bill a hallmark of the best America can do when we as a Congress have the will to do.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  