Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Schaffer) who co-chairs the Ukrainian Caucus with myself; we have several dozen Members who are participants in that. For dropping this resolution, H. Res. 222, congratulating Ukraine on the tenth anniversary of the reestablishment of its independence, we ask for the unanimous approval of the membership.  Mr. Speaker, it is important to remind ourselves and think about the fragile beginnings of our own Republic, after 10 years, where were we. We did not even have a Constitution in place, and it took us almost a century more to grant civil rights to all of our people. And voting rights did not come until almost another 70 years later to women, then in the mid-20th century to minorities.  So we see the struggle of this democratic Nation, this democratic Republic, to provide greater and fuller, more robust liberties to all of her people. We look at Ukraine after 10 years, she has been building broad and durable relations with the 1994 charter for Ukrainian-American partnership, friendship and cooperation, and also her distinctive partnership since 1997 with NATO.  Ukraine has done many things that the West has asked, including dismantling her nuclear arsenal. On June 28, 1996, Ukraine's parliament voted to adopt a democratic constitution of the Ukraine, providing for presidential and parliamentary elections, and we are about to embark on the third set of parliamentary elections.  Mr. Speaker, I would say to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Schaffer) and, indeed, our entire membership that Ukraine has been trying to pursue friendly relations with her neighboring countries and has been consistently pursuing a course of European integration with a commitment to ensuring democracy and prosperity for its citizens. The road has not always been easy.  Mr. Speaker, it still has many rough bumps in that road, certainly the full development of free press and independent media; the development of a rule of law and a judicial system; a legislative branch of the government that participates fully and equally with the executive. And as we move this resolution forward, we want to walk alongside Ukraine on this journey, and we urge her to join with the community of freedom-loving nations and European nations, and hopefully in our lifetime see her fully integrated into the European and trans-Atlantic set of institutions that we have all come to respect and love.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and urge this resolution's swift passage. I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hastert), the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde), the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), the gentleman from California (Mr. Gallegly), the gentleman from New York (Mr. Engel), all Members who have supported this resolution at the authorizing level, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Tancredo), and the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter) who shares our interest in moving Ukraine forward.  