Chairman, I rise in support to the Boehlert-Kind-Gilchrest-Dingell amendment. It puts added emphasis on conservation programs, and offers more resources based on conservation to all farmers, rather than a limited group.  There is nothing more precious than our land. Without it, we cannot sustain life. Without appropriate measures of assistance, too many producers of row crops, as well as fruits, vegetables and livestock--all find themselves without the ability to undertake the full degree of conservation practices necessary.  At the same time, one of the most significant issues facing our communities is urban sprawl. Across the Nation more than 90 million acres of farmland are threatened by sprawl, and we lose more than 2 million acres every year to development. Unplanned and inefficient development is consuming land at twice the rate of population growth. The Boehlert-Kind-Gilchrest-Dingell amendment provides funding for conservation programs that can help alleviate the consumption of valuable, productive agricultural lands. While putting greater emphasis on conservation.  Why should funding be increased for conservation programs that protect farmland from development?  Sprawl cost taxpayers more dollars for new infrastructure. Farmland or open space generates only 38 cents in costs for each dollar in taxes paid, whereas residential development requires $1.24 in public expenditures for every dollar it generates in tax revenues.  Farms located near urban centers serve as the primary source of fresh, locally grown food. Seventy-nine percent of our fruit, sixty-nine percent of our vegetables, and fifty-two percent of our dairy goods are produced on high quality farmland that is threatened by urban growth. One-third of America's agricultural production occurs on farms near cities. America cannot afford to squander this resource.  Cities and towns can save billions of dollars in municipal water treatment costs. Protecting wetlands and streams prevents costs of water treatment systems downstream.  We know that there is great concern on the part of the Agriculture Committee about the offsets provided by this amendment. The sponsors of the amendment have attempted to target these reductions in a fashion to minimize the impact on over 90 percent of all producers receiving payments.  But keep certain facts in mind. First, even though the last Farm Bill was for seven years, it did not go untouched during its life. If anyone of us here today truly believes that this is the last time we will visit the farm bill until 2011, you have far greater faith than I. There always remains room for improvement.  Second, the emergency programs that we have seen in recent years did not treat producers fairly. Many growers in my district told me how unfair they thought they were, and this included some of the growers receiving the benefits. Even though the bill before us today suggest that it will avoid the problems of emergency bills, it still fails to correct many of the imbalances that exist in the current program, and it fails to provide a broad range safety net for other producers. Where is the Freedom to Farm in protection for some commodities but not for others?  We are at a stage where we need a broad recasting of our farm policy. We need programs that promote conservation. We need to provide support for alternative products like biofuels. We need new thinking, higher value added not old hat solutions.  I urge a ``yes'' vote on the Boehlert-Kind-Gilchrest-Dingell amendment.  