Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution condemning bigotry and violence against Arab-Americans. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this resolution introduced by the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Bonior, and I thank the distinguished majority leader, Mr. Armey, for his active support of the resolution.  This past week our precious nation has suffered a great amount of pain and sorrow inflicted by horrible individuals who have no respect for innocent life. America can ill-afford to have our own people unfairly and unjustifiably inflicting even more pain on other Americans or friends of Americans who are of Arab heritage or of the Muslim faith, and who bear no responsibility for the events of September 11th. In fact, they have joined with their neighbors in condemning this heinous attack. Arab Americans deserve to be recognized as the patriotic individuals they are, not victimized for their heritage. Indeed, the greatest enemy of a radical Islamic terrorist is a practicing Muslim.  This past Tuesday evening, as the Toledo Blade reported in its September 19th edition, ``about 1,500 people, a . . . mix of Christians and Muslims, gathered . . . at the Islamic Center of Greater Toledo in Perrysburg Township to encircle the mosque, pray for the safety of those who worship within, and sing patriotic songs.  ``American flags were everywhere--medium-sized ones along the driveways, a large one hanging from the mosque's roof, and small red, white, and blue stickers adorning everyone's clothing.  ``The people making up the crowd, many of whom rarely cross paths, made an effort to reach out to one another in this time of national crisis.''  There will be many images that we recall from last week. One, which will always standout for me, is the image of the Statue of Liberty erect in New York Harbor. More importantly, the values for which she stands are lodged deeper in our hearts. While Lady Liberty witnessed this assault on peace, she remains a beacon calling for our tired but valiant and indispensable rescue workers. She reassures our fellow citizens who lost their loved ones. And she encourages our huddled neighbors throughout America who are offering support for one another, as we discover who made this assault on freedom and why. She continues to lift her lamp beside the golden door of freedom. She increases our resolve as Americans. She lifts her lamp to celebrate the thousands who did survive, and to illuminate those who banded together in one of the most tremendous outpourings of selflessness in our nation's history.  The depth of the American people's resourcefulness has been demonstrated to the entire world. Our nation will prevail over the most recent challenge to our liberties. We will actively embrace the precious diversity that is America. Our families hail from throughout the world, with religious convictions of every faith. Our diverse population offers the strongest nation in support of freedom in the world.  Over the years, many people of Arab heritage have come to call the United States home. They are just as loyal as any other American and deserve equal treatment. I know in my own community of Toledo one could not have asked for a stronger show of patriotism than what I had heard from so many Arab Americans wanting to know what they could do to help the victims of Tuesday's assault.  It was truly sad to hear the stories of Arab Americans around the nation, including some in my community, who were the targets of wrong-placed anger. I share the intense feeling that our nation and our people have been immeasurably hurt. But I firmly believe that as a people we must commit ourselves to fighting the terrorism that invaded our shores, not succumb to its infective powers by lashing out at the innocent.  We need to honor the lives that were lost, celebrate the heroes that created another wonderful moment in our nation's stunning history, and emulate the people of Toledo who came together across faiths and across heritage to form what Hussein Barby described as ``like a family.''  Our American family has been hurt. And in the best American tradition, let our family band together at a time when our strength lies in our unity.