Chairman, the relationship between student mobility, or transiency, and academic performance warrants significant national attention. In certain neighborhoods, especially in our inner cities and migrant family situations, rates of family mobility bear a direct correlation to student underachievement. According to a 1994 GAO study on student transiency, 41 percent of all third graders from low-income families in America have attended at least two schools. Nearly one-fifth of all third graders, nearly one-half million students, have attended three or more schools since the first grade.  Lacking permanent shelter of their own, these children and their parents, oftentimes single heads of household, move from place to place throughout the school year. Forced to migrate between the homes of kind relatives and friends, the children of these families are uprooted from the neighborhood elementary school with every move, until the next move to yet another temporary location, usually in another nearby neighborhood. Our Nation's migrant farm workers know too well the constant stress of moving from community to community and taking their children out of school multiple times during the school year. Transient and migrant families need stability for their children to succeed in school.  Mr. Chairman, I will be placing in the Record key findings from the GAO study that documented this phenomenon, Elementary School Children: Many Change Schools Frequently, Harming Their Education, and also key articles from the Catalyst for Cleveland Schools. Both support the findings that residential instability is the key corollary to poor student performance.  The revolving door for mobile students, many experts say, has been ignored for too long by educators who accept the notion that there is little they can do about it. But with rising consciousness of these disruptive patterns, local school systems have begun to focus on how to address mobility with specific programs targeted to help these multiple-move families.  As we take H.R. 1 to conference with the Senate, it is my hope we can work together to address this issue. During committee markup, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kucinich) offered an amendment to deal with this problem. The gentlewoman from Cleveland, Ohio (Mrs. Jones) knows the critical need for attention to this destabilizing pattern. I look forward to working with the chairman, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Boehner), and the ranking member, the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller), who have been so kind, to offer any assistance I might provide.  