Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I just want to place on the Record, as we talk about this, if we look at the hijackers here that did such damage to our country, 15 of 19 of them came from what is now Saudi Arabia. If we look at the areas of Saudi Arabia they came from, they came from the rural, southern parts of the nation.  Other nations have been subjected to terrorist attacks, but if we really see where many of the Shiite and Sunni fundamentalists who are committing most of these acts come from, they come from parts of the country that never received support from their own governments. So therefore, these are breeding grounds for the discontent that is destabilizing that part of the world, and now our part of the world.  I know from every single farmer in my region to every single farmer across this country, they know they can be a part of the answer to retooling for peace using food as the fulcrum for a better future. I know the gentleman sees this in his mind's eye, and we can do so much good if we can get even our own government to recognize the power of people who have been fed, and that those who would seek to do harm in their own regions or in others would have less cause for action.  It is too bad that the world has to move to this point, but I will say, in defense of our country, prior to September 11 there was one Nation providing the majority of food commodities inside Afghanistan, and it was the United States of America, through the World Food Program.  So we have tried to make an effort. In some of these other nations, I think it has been more difficult to get the governments to be willing to allow food commodities and assistance to flow to some of these rural areas that may not be looked upon favorably by the central governments. But I think people may and these nations may be rethinking the damage that has been caused by ignoring major segments of the population that then are underdeveloped and underfed, and are prime targets to be lured by those who would want to create harm and instability, and to create a political movement that grows out of the poverty and deprivation of huge segments of the nations of the Middle East and of East Africa.  So I know that we have other Members who are desirous of speaking on this subject. We have been hoping that they would make it to the floor from their committee meetings. They do not appear to be here at the moment, so I think we are going to have to move on with the legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Chairman Bonilla) so very much for his leadership on this, and for his support.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  