Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. Clayton) for yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, I wanted to publicly acknowledge the incredible work that the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. Clayton) has done in proposing this amendment along with the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee). Were it not for their vision and leadership last year, we would not have had any increase to these accounts.  Without question these colleges and institutes have such an enormous impact in our country, but also can be pivotal institutions for advancement in other countries. I envision the day when these additional dollars will be able to link these institutions to even some of the most underdeveloped areas of Africa. There, I think, cooperative research projects could benefit both nations, the farmers of both nations, the people of both nations.  I also want to thank both the gentlewomen from North Carolina (Mrs. Clayton) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee) for taking a hard look at the full potential of these historically black colleges and universities and the Tuskegee Institute and the needs of our smaller African American farmers.  In supporting this amendment, I am reminded of my travels to one State where there were significant civil rights suits against the U.S. Department of Agriculture. It was unbelievable to me that loans were not being made to very worthy endeavors by minority farmers for food processing. We run into this age-old problem of discrimination even by some of the local loan committees that still exist across this country.  I think that these universities and the Tuskegee Institute and these colleges can help lead America forward in a very important way. They can be of special assistance because of the trust with which they and their researchers are held by the very communities that we want to assist.  Mr. Chairman, I would have to say to these two gentlewomen--who really cannot be viewed as only gentle for some of what they have to address in serving at the national level and dealing with some of the issues that we contend with--that they are leading America forward in this new millennium in a way that is so vitally necessary. They certainly have my support in their intentions to increase funding in these categories.  Mr. Chairman, I know the gentlewoman wishes to withdraw the amendment at some point, but hopefully as we move toward the Senate, we will be able to take my colleague's excellent recommendations and enact them into law through conference.  