 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Stump legislation to construct the World War II memorial exactly where it should be, as a memorial to the victory of liberty over tyranny in the 20th century, between the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial, exactly where it should be placed, so that freedom from the 18th, the 19th, and 20th centuries will be celebrated along our avenue of democracy. It has now taken longer to approve this memorial, three times longer, actually, than it did to fight the war.  It is time for America to say ``thank you'' to our greatest generation, and to make it more than words. The public has a new-found fascination with the World War II generation, thanks to Tom Brokaw's book, movies such as ``Saving Private Ryan,'' and other commemorations of our Nation's finest hour.  Outside the beltway, more than half a million Americans have responded to a national fund-raising appeal by contributing more than $150 million to the World War II Memorial project. In fact, just this past week, in my district, I returned to accept a check from schoolchildren, 7th and 8th graders at Anthony Wayne, Jr. School for $2,154 to contribute to the memorial's construction. Young people, the children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren who have been given the freedom we have today are contributing across this country. We owe them and their predecessors the kind of thanks that a grateful Nation expresses. Unfortunately, this project has been snarled in a new round of political tussling and legal wrangling inside this beltway.  I do not question the motives of the memorial's opponents, but it is time to move forward. There have been 22 public hearings by organizations like the National Capital Planning Commission, the Fine Arts Commission approving the construction of this memorial. The money has been raised and it is on deposit. All the respective legislation has been passed. Both Chambers of this Congress have said yes, yes, yes. Over 8 years, we have said yes. The ground has been dedicated. It is time to move forward with construction of the World War II memorial at the Rainbow Pool site. I say that not just as a Member of Congress, but as a city planner that helped take a look at the site, that has worked with the architects to make sure that the design was appropriate, blocking no views; and all public input has made this a better design than we began with originally.  Of the 16 million veterans who served during World War II, approximately 5 million still survive. Every day, approximately 1,100 World War II veterans pass away, never to see the memorial in Washington that will stand as testimony to what they did for us, with the heroism and the self-sacrifice that have given us a new generation of children of freedom.  It is time, Mr. Speaker, to move forward with construction of the World War II memorial. The time for delay is over. We not only honor our World War II veterans during this Armed Services Week in doing so, but we also say, we understand the cause for which they fought and it deserves recognition on the central part of our mall, complementing what we have done for the 18th century, the 19th century, and finally, the 20th century.  Support the Stump bill, H.R. 1696.  