Speaker, the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller) has been a leader in child labor protection and labor rights, along with the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith). They are a voice over these trade routes for people, including for children, and that trade is more than just material goods. It is amazing how hard it is to carry that message, even in this country, and yet we look at a nation like China, with over 1.250 billion people, and we see that none of the standards that we have written into law in this country exist. Yet we continue to be the chief market, whether it is fireworks or toys or clothing, the chief market in the world for Chinese exports.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution asking for a full accounting and also condemning China for allowing its children to be used in such a heinous way.  With imported carpet from India, we require smiling logos in order to guarantee to American consumers that they are buying a product that is not made with child labor. We have no such guarantees with China.  I thank the gentleman for what he is doing here. In some places on Earth, life is very cheap; and here in our country it used to be cheap. In fact, it was not until a wonderful woman by the name of Mary Norton, the first Democratic congresswoman to serve here east of the Mississippi River in the 1930s who wrote into our laws the prohibition on child labor in our country. We as a country gained a broader conscience of how we should live as a people and that children have value as human beings beyond whatever they might be able to produce. They have a value beyond being a producer. They have an intrinsic value as a human being.  Mr. Speaker, I support the gentleman's fine cause and support the resolution and again compliment the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith) and the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller) for reminding us of our own heritage as we try to lift another part of the world forward as she struggles to meet her own social and economic needs internal to herself. It should not be done at the cost of any human life to be so disregarded.  