Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time on this important amendment to increase funding for the elderly food program and to take funds that may be available from rental payments that USDA does not have to make because it no longer is occupying certain facilities.  Without question, across our country the costs of even paying utility bills are rising significantly for seniors. Electric bills, gas bills in the Midwest, for example, have just risen at astronomical rates. And any way we can find to help seniors make it through this year and next I think are worthy of consideration. This is certainly one of those at the very basic level of decent nutrition.  We know that in many of our senior feeding programs, in fact, the programs are oversubscribed. I have been surprised in my own district on related programs, such as the Seniors Farmers' Market Nutrition Program, where seniors are allowed to use food coupons to purchase fruits, vegetables, herbs and so forth, the enrollment in the program is just growing exponentially because people are pinching every penny because of other expenditures that they have had.  So I think we really have to look carefully at any ways we can move food to the seniors' tables, and these particular meals programs operated through our area offices on aging are eminently successful across the country. I know in many cases I have sat in my own district and I have watched seniors being asked to contribute money in little envelopes to help pay for these meals at these senior centers to offset rising costs when they have very little to give anyway.  So I would say to the gentleman that I think he has a very worthy amendment this year. He was successful in leading our country last year with a similar amendment to increase funding for the program, and the number of meals, according to the charts that he has provided, have gone up. So it has been successful.  Certainly no person in America, no senior in this country should go without decent nutrition. We know that the poorest people in our country are women over the age of 85, and many of them are too weak sometimes to even get to the senior centers, so we have home-delivered meals being taken across our country in various neighborhoods. Sometimes the only contact that that senior has are with the person who delivers the noon meal.  So I want to thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Stupak), whose district actually spans the entire northern region of Michigan, who understands the problems of rural isolation of people in poverty and thank him for leading us all. And I am sure that the USDA, within its various accounts, can find the funds to cover the gentleman's proposed expansion, and I just want to compliment the gentleman for doing what is right, what is moral, and what we have the eminent capability to do in this country.  Mr. Chairman, I ask our colleagues to support the Stupak amendment.  