Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern), who has fought so hard for the Global Food and Education Initiative.  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this bill; and like many of my colleagues, I hope more funds may become available as we move forward in the appropriations process for critical programs that protect American farmers, conserve our soil and water, provide food aid abroad, and address hunger at home.  I would like to speak for a few moments about one such program. The Global Food for Education Initiative began last year as a pilot program. I want to make clear based on the report language accompanying this bill that the committee expects this program to continue through fiscal year 2002, and in turn this program will provide approximately 9 million hungry children in 38 countries with at least one nutritious meal each day and a chance to go to school.  The report accompanying H.R. 2330 contains strong and explicit language in support of this program saying, ``The committee expects the Secretary of Agriculture shall continue in fiscal year 2002 the Global Food for Education Initiative program implemented in 2001 at the level implemented in fiscal year 2001. The assistance provided under this section shall be in addition to other demands for section 4169(b) and Public Law 480 title II commodities.''  Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Bonilla), the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), and the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Emerson) for their leadership. This program, first proposed last year by former Senators George McGovern and Bob Dole, needs to be permanently established and authorized. Nothing illustrates this more than the difficult debates in the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Rules, where Members of both parties who support this initiative were faced with a difficult scoring issue because the program is funded under CCC authority.  The gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Emerson), the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Hall) have introduced H.R. 1700 to make this pilot initiative a permanent program so that this debate never happens again. I call upon my colleagues to join the broad bipartisan coalition of Members who have cosponsored H.R. 1700.  Mr. Chairman, I respectfully ask Secretary of Agriculture Ann Veneman to use her executive authority to extend funding for this program for fiscal year 2002. I also call upon the Secretary to provide immediately the basic administrative funding requested by such organizations as Catholic Relief Services and CARE so that they may carry out the pilot program in an efficient and productive manner. For the past 50 years, these organizations have implemented many of our best food and development programs. They are proven partners, and they guarantee that our food aid programs have an American face and character on the ground. Along with our farmers, they are among our best ambassadors abroad, and they deserve our support.  Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it.  