Speaker, I think the gentleman raises a very good point. I do not think scarecrows work.  Our experience over a decade ago with the MX missile proposal, and tohave been a party to those debates to a system that first was proposed to be stationary, and then when they realized that is a sitting duck, maybe it was a scarecrow, I do not know, they said maybe we should put it on a train on a track and move it around. We eventually were able to defeat that and say that the real strength lay in our triad, and the fact that we had a mobile Navy, we had a mobile Air Force and the best trained Army in the entire world.  We have to do better, but it does not make any sense to be throwing billions of dollars away on an unknown system; and, quite frankly, enraging our European allies and other allies around the world and ratcheting up the arms race without consultation by this ill-advised proposal. We know that the scientific evidence is not there, and we always have been pushing for what kind of system are we talking about. What is this thing going to do?  Here in Congress we are often given the argument we cannot solve a problem simply by throwing money at it, whether it is agriculture, child poverty, prescription drugs, we cannot just throw money at these problems. But with Star Wars, it seems to be different. Just throw enough money at it, and we will be lucky if something works in the end. Do not test the system against the full range of countermeasures and do not develop a fully integrated prototype before protection, and do not require an adequate testing program. Just spend $50 billion.  Mr. Speaker, we do not have that luxury because we have a $5 trillion debt overhang in this economy, and we are dealing with precious taxpayer dollars. Others have talked about health care and education and the environment and prescription drugs for our senior citizens, money to update our food safety systems, all of the money to strengthen Medicaid and Medicare.  Mr. Speaker, if we go around and look at the real strength of this country in our Armed Forces, it is those who choose to serve America, dedicated young men and women living in some of the worst housing conditions anywhere in the world, including right here in the Nation's Capital. If we are going to have the best armed men and women systems in the world, my goodness, should we not be paying attention to those already serving.  Mr. Speaker, why are our adjutants general from around the country complaining about too many missions with not enough money? We have to take care of what we are asked to do today, not throw away money on deployment of a system that nobody ever fully understood.  I had military retirees come up to me and say, ``Why did we have to take cuts in benefits? Why are people who served our country put in a different position in terms of retirement than those who have served on the civilian side?  The budget that the administration has produced will not meet all of the health care needs that our veterans have across this country. We have them classified, A, B, C, D. Everybody is on a different platform in terms of veterans' health services. We have 25.6 million veterans in this country. We have to pass a good budget to serve them, and we have to do what is right and put America's priorities in order.  Truly, this Star Wars proposal is a misplaced priority.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for allowing me to share in this special order.  