Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me, and I want to compliment my colleagues, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kucinich) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), for bringing this extremely important issue before the full House as we debate this 2002 agriculture appropriations bill.  Let me say to the gentleman that I think what is so important about what he has done is he has drawn a line in the sand. He is saying to us that before we cross the line between the green revolution and the genetic revolution, somebody here in Congress had better pay attention that our government is not even properly structured to deal with this significant scientific leap.  We are not talking about the marriage of genes between necessarily like species that have mated in nature, or pollinated in nature. But rather, we are addressing the injection of growth hormones into fish that have never mated, producing species that we have never seen the likes of, and nature has never seen the likes of since the dawn of time.  From an administrative standpoint, we could ask ourselves, who is in charge of fish, anyway? We cannot even get the government of the United States to inspect fish that is coming over our borders and causing people to get sick across this country.  So who is in charge of fish? We have the Commerce Department, with NOAA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. We have the Interior Department with the Fish and Wildlife Service. We have the USDA, with the Food Safety Inspection Service. We have the EPA, which issues these advisories such as ``Do not eat fish from Lake Erie but one per week because of mercury levels being too high.''  I can tell the Members this, that we know today that we have half as many fish in our oceans as we did 25 years ago. This diminishment of the natural system of oceanic fish production is a serious international problem. If we think about the dawn of genetic engineering, this is but another transgenic product that we should be concerned about when it is released from containment into the natural environment. We do not know its consequences on the ecosystem, in the same way as we do not know the consequences of transgenically-altered plants in the natural environment. We are ill-equipped as a country to deal with these issues in any intelligent way, so we sort of get into using current unprepared bureaucracies, like FDA, which this amendment addresses.  Mr. Chairman, nothing in the gentleman's amendment stops research. But what it does is it says let us take a pause for thought here with the FDA. Let us take a look as a Congress to investigate and authorize the appropriate agency with environmental expertise and clear authority to regulate the impacts of these genetically-engineered fish, wherever that might be.  I fully support the amendment and urge adoption of this amendment.  