Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those comments. I am reminded of the day that we had the special press conference up here in the Capitol with Senators McGovern and Dole, these two dogged World War II veterans who could be doing anything else with their lives at this point, yet they were here on the Global Food for Education Program because they as veterans understand what it takes to build peace.  What a contribution they are still making, though not legislators or Members of Congress at this point in their lives, to have an influence to do what is good in the world as Americans, regardless of party. We owe them so much. They are giving their great genius to the country, and we owe them such thanks for that, and for making a difference working with us, especially now.  I wait for the day when the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Bonilla) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern) and I can go into Pakistan and help to distribute maybe some of this milk, and to take a look at what is being taught in private schools that are being established there as we try to help part of the world that so greatly needs greater stability, to use our food programs as the real fulcrum of a better future for millions of children.  Mr. McGOVERN. As the gentlewoman pointed out earlier, too, this really puts our farmers in the forefront of this effort to make this world a better place.  The food we are talking about, much of it would be grown right here in the United States by American farmers who would also benefit from this program, and I have often felt that we could do more around the world to promote stability and human rights by utilizing this incredible surplus we have in our farm commodities right here in the United States.  Again, there is an incredible need out there, and as the gentlewoman pointed out, we have been engaged in these incredible humanitarian efforts in the past. I think we need to redouble our efforts, especially in the wake of September 11. We need to bring the world community together. We can make this world a better place. We can eliminate hunger among children. We can promote global education. We can make this world a safer, less violent, more tolerant place. Again, I thank the gentlewoman for her motion.  