Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Sanders amendment. Again I repeat, last year the vote on this issue passed overwhelmingly 363 to 12 in this House. Indeed the House has spoken. Let no one confuse what the issues are. First of all, drugs are already being brought into this country. People from my district go up to Canada and buy prescription drugs all the time. That is true for people from San Diego going to Tijuana; or New York to Niagra Canada. In fact, most drugs sold here are manufactured in Puerto Rico anyway! They are not even made in the United States, and we require the FDA to inspect those laboratories. So we are not talking about anything different with this amendment. We are talking about expanding an existing system that works and provides the safest drug and food supply in the world.  Mr. Chairman, some of my colleagues came up here and said this amendment poses a threat to consumers. The only threat to consumers is that our seniors and others cannot afford to buy the drugs that they need to keep them alive; that is the threat out there! No industry, no industry in this country should be allowed to keep prescription drugs away from people to save their lives.  Someone else talked about the effect of this amendment reducing the gold standard of drug inpsection. In fact with this amendment, we want to apply the gold standard of inspection more broadly to make more medications available that are approved by the FDA.  Let me say that we even inspect meat plants and license meat plants all around the world when they ship products in here. We can certainly do that more comprehensively for prescription drugs.  Finally, let me end by stating that when we went to conference on this important item last year, we offered four amendments to deal with some of the important regulatory questions that were raised by the FDA. We were defeated on a totally partisan vote each time. I will say to the Republican Party in this institution, they caused this amendment to be unworkable. Give us the right with this amendment to fix the system as we tried last year when we went to conference and our four amendments were defeated.  Mr. Chairman, we want to provide the safest food and drug supply to the people of this country. Allow us to do that. Again, support the Sanders amendment.  