Chairman, throughout the consideration of our bill at the subcommittee level and full committee level, we very, very much wanted to have a straightforward appropriation for continuation of the Global Food for Education program. Thus far we have been unable to achieve that in the base bill and have only been able to achieve report language that essentially says that we, as the Congress, expect that the Secretary of Agriculture will continue a program begun last year that is moving our surplus commodities and food commodities around the world to 38 countries, feeding over 9 million needy children. This program is a win-win for America's farmers and ranchers and definitely a win-win for hungry children around the world, including young girls who are encouraged to go to school and receive a decent ration in whatever country they might live.  Unfortunately, in the base bill, there is not $300 million appropriated to continue this program straightforwardly. Rather, all we have is some language that says to the Secretary, ``We think it's a great idea; we hope you can figure out a way to continue the program; and we expect you to continue the program.''  The purpose of this amendment as drafted would be to symbolically take $1,700 from the Secretary's own accounts and to make those available to the Foreign Agricultural Service. Now, we know $1,700 is not a whole lot, you might be able to buy some stationery with that, but the number 1700 happens to be the number of the McGovern-Emerson bill, which is the bill that would permanently authorize this program for which we would appropriate necessary funds in any fiscal year.  Now, the program as it currently operates is having a tremendous impact around the world. In fact, there are some countries where organizations are now building schools, albeit humble schools, maybe thatched roof schools, where children are coming to receive this food. It has gotten tremendous support from so many of our nongovernmental organizations, like Catholic Charities, like ACDI/VOCA, like Mercy Corps, like CARE, the very organizations that the World Food Program works through all across the world to feed those who are most in need.  So the purpose of this amendment as drafted really is to say, look, why are we involved in this budget charade of saying to the Congress: if we directly appropriate $300 million, we can't do that because we break some sacrosanct budget rule here and, therefore, we can't appropriate real dollars. So we'll just put report language in the bill. Compare this to the other option that, well, if it goes over to the Secretary, she can spend the dollars out of the Commodity Credit Corporation and it doesn't score.  I do not think there is a person in my district that would understand this kind of budget charade. So the purpose of this amendment is really to draw attention to what is happening here and to say that a large number of our Members on this side of the aisle really want this program to have permanently appropriated dollars. We want to be able to do that as a House. We are handcuffed in the procedures allowed through subcommittee and full committee in order to achieve that.  It is not my intention to move forward with this amendment because I do not want to do a fig leaf. I want to do a real appropriation. But I want to use this amendment as a mechanism to allow others who support this program to speak and to, in the strongest language possible, let the administration know that we are serious. Quite frankly, as this bill moves to conference, it is my intention, working with some of my other colleagues, to bring this up in the other body.  