Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in recognizing the contributions of our Nation's Catholic schools. As Father Andrew Greeley of Chicago has observed: ``Our Nation's Catholic schools are a seventh sacrament.''. Today, we salute Catholic teachers and students around the world. As a product of Catholic schools, back home in Toledo I can attest to the quality of instruction,the professional and nurturing approach of the many fine sisters, priests and lay teachers whom I remember so fondly, and in fact still count among my friends and advisors to this day.  Despite the coarsening of our popular culture, what I call the `poverty of affluence', it is heartening to know that total Catholic school enrollment for the 1999-2000 school year was over 2.6 million students at more than 8,100 schools. In my home state of Ohio, there are over 193,000 students attending 528 Catholic schools. In these quality institutions, joined by many fine public schools, character and commonly cherished values are instilled into generation after generation. Honesty, integrity, love of family and country, self-respect and self-discipline are just a few of the hallmark results of Catholic-based education.  Catholic schools are one of the cornerstones of our educational system providing faith based educational opportunities to those families who desire their children to have a Catholic faith based education. Catholic schools accept young people from every walk of life, from all economic and ethnic backgrounds. These schools have played an historic role in welcoming and teaching the sons and daughters of immigrants, whether they be Irish, Polish, Hungarian or Russian, whether they are African-American, or Chinese or Latino, just to name a few. In the heart of our Nation's biggest cities and most humble rural towns, Catholic schools continue this missionary endeavor.  It is my pleasure to honor the contributions of Catholic schools, both the men and women who lead and teach and care so deeply for our young people. Those students have made, and continue to make, a difference in the life of their families, communities and world.  Our system of education is most appropriately conducted on the local level. Therefore, it is both our right and responsibility to support our schools, our teachers, parents, support staff, administrators, our sisters and priests, and our children, whom we know will one day inherit and take responsibility for all of our work and world.  