Speaker, I rise in strong support of this Legislative Branch Appropriations Conference Report and as a new member of the subcommittee this year, I wish to thank Chairman Taylor, Ranking Member Jim Moran, my esteemed colleague Steny Hoyer, and the entire subcommittee for welcoming me so warmly and for their hard work in crafting this outstanding bill.  I also rise to highlight a provision in the bill that I worked to have placed in the conference report and wish to thank the Majority for their assistance in this effort, along with Chief Administrative Officer Jay Eagen.  This provision permits the women and men who provide food service in our House office buildings to be paid for the time they were unable to come to work. It allows them to collect at least some of the wages they lost--through no fault of their own--during recent shutdowns of House office buildings.  The genesis of this provision is particularly interesting--the result of one of my staff asking cafeteria workers how the shutdowns had affected them. The reply was: it hit home and it hit hard.  Food service workers in the Ford building have not been paid since October 17. Food service workers in the other House buildings were paid for the first three days of the shutdown, but after that were forced to take leave or assume leave without pay status. We are all acutely aware that not only the Ford building but also the Longworth building and therefore the Longworth Food Court remain closed today.  These women and men are neither salaried employees, nor federal employees like their counterparts in the Senate. Thanks to the great wave of privatization in 1995, these women and men instead earn hourly wages and many rely on and are challenged to stretch every penny of their paychecks to support themselves and their families. Quite literally, every dime counts.  Many of us through the years have come to know these women and men quite well. We know them by name and have come to rely not only on their service, but also their smiles.  Whether it be a cup of coffee, lunch, or just a mid afternoon snack people like Betty, Pat, Maria, and Doris play a meaningful and consistent role in our lives.  They work hard. They help keep us going.  They deserve compensation for the days they were unable to work, just like any member of our salaried staffs and I am very pleased that as a result of this provision and bill they will indeed receive at least some of it.  Once again, I wish to thank my colleagues on the subcommittee for their work in bringing the conference report before us today and would once again encourage all my colleagues to join me in supporting its passage.  