Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Mrs. DeLauro), a very hard-working and able member of our subcommittee.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Chairman Bonilla) and to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), the ranking member of the committee. I thank them for their leadership.  Given the kind of budget constraints that we have, there was a lot of hard work and a good bill that has been produced, though there are a few critical issues that remain that we need to continue to work on.  I also want to say thank you to this subcommittee and the associate staff for all of their help.  The bill addresses many of the urgent needs of American families. Let me just take a moment to focus on the crisis in agriculture today. America's economy and security relies on the strength of agriculture. Yet America's farmers are facing the toughest times since the Great Depression.  Connecticut is a leader in New England's agriculture, in eggs, peaches, milk production per cow. The Nation's oldest agriculture experiment station is just up the street from my home in New Haven. Like other farmers, Connecticut farmers face plunging commodity prices and soaring gas prices. Urban sprawl puts it in the top 10 States in lost farmland. This spring, record low temperatures eliminated almost 40 percent of our peach, pear, grape and apple crops.  I am proud of the funding for programs that reach out and help our farmers: rural development, conservation, pest management, commodity marketing assistance.  This bill also funds food safety efforts, but in my view, as I have expressed before in the House today, does not go far enough. It needs to do more. Americans are more likely to get sick from what they eat today than they were a half century ago, and outbreaks of food sickness are expected to go up by more than 15 percent over the next decade.  Each year 5,000 Americans die from food-borne illnesses, 76 million get ill, and 325,000 are hospitalized. Just 2 days ago, the Excel Corporation recalled 190,000 pounds of ground beef and pork because of possible contamination by deadly E. coli.  The Food and Drug Administration inspects all food except meat, poultry and eggs. Yet to cover the 30,000 U.S. companies that make this food, the FDA has only 400 inspectors. For the 4.1 million imported food items entering the country, the FDA has less than 120 inspectors. To address this crisis facing the families, I will offer an amendment to increase the funds for inspections and other food safety initiatives.  As we move toward the conference, I also would like to work with the chairman to address the funding shortage that threatens WIC. If the administration's unemployment predictions come true, this essential nutrition program for low-income families, which yields more than $3 in savings to the government in reduced spending on programs such as Medicaid, will, in fact, not have enough funds to serve all who are eligible, all eligible women, infants and children.  I look forward to working with the gentleman from Texas (Chairman Bonilla) and the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur) to address these important issues and others as we debate the bill.  