Let me say that it has been a pleasure to work with our new chairman, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Bonilla). We think we have perfected the bill as it has moved through subcommittee and full committee. Nonetheless, I must rise reluctantly to oppose this rule.  We did go before the Committee on Rules to try to get the permission to offer amendments here on the floor today. We were refused. I wanted to go through a few of those amendments that we believe are worthy and would make this a much better bill.  Probably one of the most important is the Global Food for Education initiative inspired by the work of Senators Bob Dole and George McGovern. It takes our school lunch program from this country and extends its concept abroad, using food to help over 9 million needy children in 38 countries to both promote their education and help them develop fully by having decent nutrition. We very much want to continue this program. We really believe that we allowed ourselves to become bottled up by artificial budget rules that prevented us from going on record to do what is right in this current bill. We would very much like to have this Global Food for Education program extended directly by Congress as a part of the regular order in this appropriation bill.  The gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro) will probably be speaking against the rule soon on the question of food safety and improved food inspection. On the surface, the bill before us looks like it provides more money for those needs, but it almost only pays costs to staff to hold on to what we have. Can anyone here really accept the fact that the Food and Drug Administration can barely inspect 1 percent of the products coming across our borders every day? That means 99 percent of imported product is not tested. Is that the gold standard of safety we hear so much about? And can we really believe that we have the information on the testing of practices like irradiation and enhanced food safety standards? No. In fact, in the subcommittee bill, we were able to get language on irradiation to do the kind of baseline studies that are necessary to assure irradiated food safety to consumers, but then those were stripped at the full committee level.  In the area of biofuels funding, the Bush administration has made over 100 recommendations to try to help America move forward and become more energy independent, but not a single one of those recommendations asks the Secretary of Agriculture to do anything. Yet we know that ethanol and biofuels and fuels based on biomass are in our sustainable energy future and that the Department of Agriculture should not be exempt from this important national challenge.  Finally, in the area of 4-H, we will be offering an amendment here on the floor to try to provide some of the initial funding for the measures that were passed here in the House this past week and in the Senate last week to celebrate the anniversary of 4-H. Let us put the money that is in the authorizing bill in this appropriation bill so that, in fact, there is no lapse of time.  For all these reasons, I do oppose the rule and look forward to the debate on the bill as the afternoon proceeds. I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding me the time and the committee for allowing me this opportunity to speak against the rule.  