Speaker, I thank my good friend from Maryland for those overly generous introductory remarks. I will read them in my lower moments.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of Concurrent Resolution 66 and offer my deep appreciation to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), who is the ranking member of the subcommittee that is moving this legislation to the floor. I thank him for his consistent and strong and forceful support of women's issues here in this Congress, including the publication of the History of Women's Service to our Nation at the Federal level.  I would also like to thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney). Ohio is the first State in the Union through Oberlin College to admit women to higher education. We thank both of these really wonderful men for allowing us--the women of America--to walk alongside them as we move onward in this 21st century. If other matters in this institution flowed through such capable hands as the gentleman's from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer) and the gentleman's from Ohio (Mr. Ney), I think we could move other bills through this Congress in a more expeditious fashion. The entire Nation would be more properly served.  Mr. Speaker, let me point out that 11 years ago when the 101st Congress marked the bicentenary of this institution, the volume that the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer) referenced, Women in Congress, 1917 to 1990, was published. The second most senior Congresswoman in the House then, Congresswoman Lindy Boggs of Louisiana, who later was appointed as the first woman Ambassador to the Vatican, took responsibility for the printing of that document.  Since that time, another 79 women have served. Thus a new edition of Women of Congress will gather in one updated volume information for teachers, students and future Members of this body, information about the 208 women out of the nearly 12,000 Americans that have served in this institution to date, throughout all of America's history, including the 61 who now serve here in the House.  Mr. Speaker, I see that the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Millender-McDonald) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen) and the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella) are here with us this afternoon. They really are a part of a very new, but growing and important part of American history.  We currently have 74 women serving in both the House and the Senate. Mr. Speaker, this would actually be a reprint of that original version, and the resolution for this was entered this past March during Women's History Month.  Let me say it is a particular privilege to remind our colleagues that this resolution is cosponsored by every single woman serving in the House, as well as every other single Member of the House Committee on Administration. I deeply thank every one of them, especially the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), who has been a force inside this institution for equal voices for women, and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) for allowing us to participate in this introduction and passage today.  During the first 128 years of America's history, no woman served in either House of this Congress for nearly a century and a quarter. Finally, in the early years of this past century, the 20th century, after decades of struggle for women's political and social equality, we began to see some fruit be born. In 1917, Jeanette Rankin of Montana became the first woman to serve in this House of Representatives, and then 5 years later, Rebecca Felton of Georgia became the first woman Senator. So, for our entire history, the written word and the spoken word of women in political environments is still very fresh and very new.  Since Representatives Rankin and Felton broke the congressional gender barrier, dozens of women have followed in their footsteps. We wait for the day when it will be thousands.  Mr. Speaker, as we enter the 21st century, the time has come to update and reprint ``Women in Congress.'' With it America marks the progress and substantial contribution that women are making in this most democratic legislative body on Earth.  I am confident that a revised volume will quickly become, like the previous edition, a tremendous historical resource and serve to inspire readers across America to seek careers in public service. I hope my colleagues in the House support this resolution. It is important especially that we do this and thus introduced this resolution during Women's History Month in March; and thus the concurrentresolution that I have introduced would provide for the reprinting of that revised edition of the House document.  Mr. Speaker, I would ask my colleagues to support this resolution to reprint and update the edition of Women in Congress, 1917 to 1990, to make it current for this new 21st century, when all opportunities are available to young women and men across our country, and, indeed, America is an ideal for so much of the world to follow.  