Speaker, I rise in support of the Victory Bonds Act of 2001 that was introduced by the gentleman from New York (Mr. Sweeney), the gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce), and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cardin), and all those who have worked so very hard here to bring this bill to the floor, including the gentleman from New York (Mr. Houghton).  Like so many other Members of this body, I also have introduced a savings bond measure and find that this one has many similarities to the one that I have introduced and would urge the support of my colleagues for, and I would ask the American people to think very hard about purchasing one of these freedom bonds in order to help in our war efforts. The amount of yield on the bond would be announced on a fairly regular basis, but it is more than is paid for a current savings account in a local financial institution and is guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the government of the United States.  It is probably important to say for the record that it is also important to purchase savings bonds because in the last 20 years almost half of our public debt is now owned by foreign interests. This is a staggering figure. We pay over $370 billion a year to offshore interests to finance the spending of this economy. The past due bills for the defense of the Nation, for the bailout of the savings and loans, and for all the other expenses accrued in this government has gone up markedly over the past two decades. This is a real way to make America free again and to become independent again.  I would also urge, in discussing the purposes of this particular bonds act to assist in the recovery and relief operations following the terrorist acts, including humanitarian assistance and to combat terrorism, that probably the key way that America can become independent again is to cut our chief strategic vulnerability, which is our dependence on imported petroleum.  It is no coincidence that Saudi Arabia is the major nation in the Middle East from which this Nation imports petroleum. Of course, we import also from Venezuela, Mexico, Nigeria, and other places where democracy is notexactly in full bloom. So I would hope that as these bonds are purchased by the American people, that we would look very hard at energy independence for our country and begin to wean ourselves off our very dangerous dependence on imported petroleum.  In fact, to combat terrorism in the future, the most important way to do that is for us to be independent here at home and to use some of these dollars for investment in renewable technologies here in the United States, in clean technologies, in the biofuels that we can produce off our land, and in the clean coal reserves that we can develop, where we have more Btus underground than the Middle East has in Btus in the form of petroleum.  So I want to commend the authors of this legislation to create freedom bonds and ask the entire American public to participate in this. Think about this for Christmas and holiday gifts; think about it for anniversary and graduation presents. It is the most important purchase Americans can make this year, particularly when the proceeds are invested in job producing projects here at home, and not just idle consumption but in fact produce new wealth creation industries here at home.  I would hope that kind of creativity is a part of the execution of these Freedom Bond Acts, and in closing, I offer full support for this measure, Mr. Speaker.  