Speaker, I wanted to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern) for bringing us all together today on behalf of this resolution, and also the gentleman from California (Mr. Dreier), the chairman of the Committee on Rules.  We all loved Joe Moakley, and it is among the highest privileges of my career to express the deepest appreciation for his life on behalf of the people of Ohio's 9th District, extending sympathy also to the people of Massachusetts' 9th District, indeed the people of the entire State of Massachusetts, to his relatives, to his good friends, many, many of them here in this House.  We all deeply admire the life of this golden-hearted gentleman from Massachusetts, Joe Moakley. I truly, as one who served with him for 19 years, will deeply miss him, will miss his presence on this floor, usually sitting here or usually sitting here, but always accessible to all the Members and always making us feel a part of a family.  I think it was interesting for Members not from Massachusetts to watch how all of the Members from Massachusetts would gravitate around him. It was a lesson to all of us about how to build family in one's own delegations. It is a lesson, I think, that is not lost on any of us.  For myself, on Memorial Day, the day of his passing from this life, I happened to travel to Vietnam and did not have access to the news for almost a week. I dedicated my presence in Vietnam during a ceremony at which we returned the suspected remains of two of America's service members from the Vietnam era to our government. I dedicated my presence in his honor, and not until I was flying back home several days later and picked up the newspaper did I realize that he had died on Memorial Day. It hit me very, very hard.  When I think of him, I think of the words love and affection, a gentleman with no affectations, someone who had such great perseverance in every aspect of his life. I remember how he weathered the loss of his wife, which is a loss I know that he felt every day, and thathe had the type of bearing that automatically drew respect from all those that he met.  There are many people who teach us how to live, but I have to say also, Joe Moakley took some of the most difficult moments that any human being could experience, and he weathered them here with us, with his friends on this floor. He taught each of us how to die. He had such strength. He had such greatness to him that even those of us who saw him just a few weeks ago down here on this floor could not even imagine he was ill. Yet, none of that difficulty did he share in any verbal way. He maintained that sense of inner strength and outer strength and gave us the strength to walk alongside him as he journeyed in his last days on this earth.  I shall never forget him. He made me, I hope, a better Member of this House and a better Representative. I want to thank the people of Massachusetts for sending him here to serve the people of the United States in the cause of freedom. He did it ably, and he did it with dispatch. He did it every day. He made each of us better through knowing him.  