Gilman), and thedean of the New York delegation, for yielding me some time, as a Midwesterner, a Buckeye, to place in the Record very sincere remarks in memory of the life of our beloved colleague, Jerry Solomon, someone with whom I had the great privilege of serving for over a decade and a half.  When I first came to Congress as a young Member we began our service on the Committee on Veterans' Affairs. He was already there. And I remember as a new Member his devotion, his commitment, his seriousness and his humor on the Committee on Veterans' Affairs. He then obviously moved over to Rules and became very involved there, rising to chair the committee.  I think I will always remember Jerry coming through these doors with those big brown folders. And I do not know how he got all those papers, but they were always like a foot thick and they had like a rubber band or a tie or something. The papers never seemed to fall out. He would kind of grip them, like that. It must have been an old duffle bag Marine trick or something, but he carried those folders all over the floor.  And what a great patriot. What a patriot. He loved this country so much. And I agree with what my sister colleague, the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Maloney) has said. His determination and his directness was refreshing. It was so refreshing. Sometimes you didn't want to be at the end when it had a barb, but you always knew that he would level with you.  And he had such a way of carrying himself. He kind of pitched his shoulders here, and he looked like he planted himself on the floor. He always stood his ground.  Many people will talk about Jerry getting a little red faced and excited at times, but I also remember his humor, the great sense of humor that he had. And in some of the issues we got involved in, you needed to have a great sense of humor.  I remember his great friendship and support on all of the economic questions that we faced as a country, his deep concern about the workers in his community who had been thrown out of work, his mastery of international trade law, and his work with us in trying to right the wrongs that existed in trade policy so that we would pay attention to those who paid the price of trade laws that are out of balance, truly, and do not pay enough attention to workers. He really fought for the workers of his State and our country.  So I just wanted to say to his wife Freda, to his five children, and they used to sit down in the dining room here all the time and dine together, his love for you shown always. And I can still see his smiling face. What a square-jawed, patriotic, truly caring gentleman he was, and it was my great privilege to have served with him.  I thank the people of New York for renewing his election many, many, many years, allowing him to gain the seniority here where he was given true voice. My deepest condolences to his family and the people of his home State. And once again I thank the dean of the New York delegation for this opportunity.  