Chairman, I thank the able gentleman from Maryland(Mr. Hoyer), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Treasury, Postal Service and General Government, for yielding me this time.  I rise to engage the chairman of the subcommittee on Treasury, Postal Service and General Government, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Istook), in a colloquy regarding public debt management.  Mr. Chairman, as part of the House report accompanying the fiscal year 2002 appropriation bill for the Treasury Department, the Committee on Appropriations directs the Bureau of Public Debt to provide a report to review the complete debt program of the Bureau from a fiscal management perspective, providing cost comparisons between high amount-low volume debt instruments and low amount-high volume debt instruments.  Another major concern regards the ownership of our public debt, particularly the extent and growth in foreign ownership of U.S. debt securities.  I would say to the chairman, the ownership of the government's debt is increasingly in the hands of foreign owners. Our government may not be sufficiently active in promoting the domestic ownership of our debt, especially to individuals, something that many of us in this Chamber can recall being a matter of national will and, indeed, pride.  As part of this review of the national debt, I believe that we should have a detailed report regarding the levels of ownership of savings bonds and other forms of public debt, rates of return on those savings bonds and other forms of public debt, and how savings bond ownership historically compares to other forms of public debt.  Would the gentleman agree that the review of the complete debt program of the Bureau of the public debt requested by the committee should contain a thorough analysis of debt ownership, differentiating between foreign and domestic customers as well as between individuals by income category, corporations, and governments; trends over the last 20 years with respect to what groups are purchasing U.S. debt; the amount of interest being paid to each bondholder category; and developments and trends over the last 20 years with respect to what media and methodologies are being used to affect debt transactions?  