Speaker, I rise to say what a joy it has been in my life for 19 years to be able to work with the great gentleman from the State of Michigan, Dave Bonior. There must be something in the water of Lake Michigan and Lake Erie to produce the Phil Harts of this country and the Dave Boniors. I want to thank the Wolverine State for sending this incredibly decent human being here to the Congress of the United States.  There are many things I like about Dave Bonior. The first thing I like is his wife. I think Judy is just so incredible and what a great partnership they do have. But I like the way that he treats her. I like the way he treats the Members. I watch the way he treats people, always with great love and with affection and with such great passion for the work that he does.  We have had so many fights here that deal with economic justice domestically and internationally. Dave Bonior has always been at the head of that line. He has always been leading us. I can remember during the great fight on the rules that would govern trade in the Americas, as he stood here and he talked about what would happen to working people on this continent in the factories and on the farms, I was sitting out there with tears in my eyes; and I thought, how could he have the strength and the intestinal fortitude, knowing what is going to happen, to stand there and to be such a strong advocate and to maintain his passion and his composure. That was a point in my career where I could not have done that.  I hope that from him I have learned how to do that better, and I thank him for what he is, because what he is has kept other Members here and running for office because of his beliefs and his unwillingness to change who he is and who he represents and how he loves people, that it is still possible to be here and to carry those values so close to your heart. In fact, they are his heart.  I just want to say from the Buckeye State, always a competitor to those to the north, that we deeply, deeply appreciate your service to the people of our country and the world. We appreciate your service as a spokesman for those who have no voice or who have less voice. You have never wavered, you have always been a gentleman, you have always been a leader, you have always been a scholar.  It has been my deep privilege to serve with you, Congressman Dave Bonior of Michigan. May you be Michigan's next governor. I only wish I could vote for you. God bless you.  