 President, I would like to take a moment to speak on the passage of S. Con. Res. 4, as amended, which would allow for the establishment of a Jewish Chaplains Memorial on Chaplains Hill in Arlington National Cemetery.  Since their inclusion in the Chaplain Corps in 1862, Jewish Chaplains have played a vital role in supporting members of the Armed Forces. In Arlington National Cemetery, Chaplains Hill serves as a memorial for military chaplains who have died in service to their country.  Chaplains play a critical role in the lives of our Nation's soldiers, providing spiritual guidance and emotional support in their times of need. In addition to their spiritual role, chaplains still remain a part of the military and give their lives in the line of duty.  Mr. President, in particular, one story poignantly tells of the service and sacrifice that chaplains make on behalf of their fellow servicemembers. On January 23, 1943, the USAT Dorchester was attacked by an enemy submarine while off the coast of Newfoundland. Four Army chaplains remained on the sinking vessel ensuring that surviving crew members would be able to reach the lifeboats, even surrendering their own lifejackets to crewmembers in need. As the ship began to sink, the chaplains banded together to pray for the safety of the crew. In honor of that selfless act, Congress created the Chaplain's Medal of Honor, also known as the Four Chaplains Medal. One of the chaplains was Rabbi Alexander D. Goode, a lieutenant in the Army, who is one of the 13 Jewish Chaplains who would be honored by the memorial that this Resolution would establish.  I would like to thank the many groups and individuals involved in this project. Specifically, I would like to acknowledge the efforts of Rabbi Harold Robinson, RADM CHC USN Retired, Kenneth Kraetzer, Mr. Sol Moglen and Ms. Shelley Rood. Without the work of these dedicated individuals, the sacrifice Jewish Chaplains have made on behalf of this Nation would remain unmemorialized in Arlington National Cemetery.  