Madam Speaker, let me thank the gentlemanfrom Arizona (Mr. Stump) for yielding me this time. There is no one who has done more for veterans in this country. I appreciate his working to get this legislation to the floor today. I do want to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans) for his strong support for this legislation.  Madam Speaker, H.R. 559 would do a very simple thing. It would add a rare form of cancer, bronchiolo-alveolar pulmonary carcinoma, to the list of cancers that are presumed to be service connected for veterans who were exposed to radiation, in accordance with the provisions of Public Law 100-321.  In 1986, Madam Speaker, I became acquainted with Joan McCarthy, a constituent from New Jersey. Mrs. McCarthy has worked for many years to locate other atomic veterans and their widows and she founded the New Jersey Association of Atomic Veterans.  Joan's husband, Tom McCarthy, was a participant in Operation Wigwam, a nuclear test in May of 1955 which involved an underwater detonation of a 30-kiloton plutonium bomb in the Pacific Ocean about 500 miles southwest of San Diego. Tom served as a navigator on the U.S.S. McKinley, one of the ships assigned to observe Operation Wigwam. The detonation of the nuclear weapon broke the surface of the water, creating a giant wave and bathing the area with a radioactive mist. Government reports indicate that the entire test area was awash with airborne particulates of the detonation. The spray from the explosion was described in the official government reports as, and I quote, an insidious hazard which turned into an invisible radioactive aerosol, close quote. Tom spent 4 days in this environment while serving aboard the U.S.S. McKinley.  In April of 1981 at the age of 44, Tom McCarthy died of a rare form of lung cancer, bronchiolo-alveolar pulmonary carcinoma. This illness is a nonsmoking-related cancer. It is estimated that about 97 percent of all lung cancers are caused by smoking. On his deathbed Tom told his wife Joan about his involvement in Operation Wigwam and wondered about the fate of the other men who were stationed on the U.S.S. McKinley and other ships in the area.  Madam Speaker, it has been well documented that exposure to ionizing radiation can cause this particular type of lethal cancer. The National Research Council cited Department of Energy studies in the BEIR V reports, stating that, and I quote, bronchiolo-alveolar carcinoma is the most common cause of delayed death from inhaled plutonium 239. The BEIR V report notes that this cancer is caused by inhalation and deposition of alpha-emitting plutonium particles.  Madam Speaker, the Department of Veterans Affairs has also acknowledged the clear linkage between this ailment and radiation exposure. I include that information for the Record at this point.       The Veterans' Advisory Committee on Environmental Hazards      considered the issue of the radiogenicity of bronchiolo-     alveolar carcinoma and advised me that, in their opinion,      this form of lung cancer may be associated with exposure to      ionizing radiation. They commented that the association with      exposure to ionizing radiation and lung cancer has been      strengthened by such evidence as the 1988 report of the      United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic      Radiation, the 1990 report of the National Academy of      Sciences' Committee on the Biological Effects of Ionizing      Radiations (the BEIR V Report), and the 1991 report of the      International Committee on Radiation Protection. The Advisory      Committee went on to state that when it had recommended that      lung cancer be accepted as a radiogenic cancer, it was      intended to include most forms of lung cancer, including      bronchiolo-alveolar carcinoma.  Back in 1985, Madam Speaker, I met with former Secretary Brown of the VA and he assured me that the VA would not oppose Congress taking action to add this disease to the presumptive list. Notwithstanding this fact, the VA continues to deny Joan McCarthy's claim for survivor's benefits, a clear outrage and I think a miscarriage of justice.  Finally, just let me say that CBO estimates that this will cost the government on average about $10,000 a year for each affected widow. CBO estimates that the cost will be approximately $13.5 million over a 5-year period. I do hope that this legislation will get the full support of the body. While nothing can replace their loved ones, these widows deserve this very small compensation--it is the least we can do.  