I thank the very good gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, abortion is violence against children and in no way could be construed to be humane or compassionate. A child's worth and inherent dignity is not determined by who his or her mother happens to be. And the value of a baby is not diminished one iota because Mom happens to be an inmate. As a matter of fact, the woman's God-given value is not diminished, either. Yet the pending DeGette amendment would force taxpayers to subsidize violence against children, in this case the child of an inmate.  Mr. Chairman, I truly believe that many Americans are either uninformed or living in a state of denial on the issue of abortion, especially as it relates to the gruesome reality of abortion methods. Abortion methods are violence against children and include dismembering innocent children with razor blade tip suction devices that turn kids into a bloody pulp, or injections of chemical poisons designed to kill the baby, or the kids are executed by partial-birth abortion, a gruesome method that many Members are now familiar with.  Peel away the euphemisms that sanitize abortion and the cruelty to children and, yes, the cruelty to their mothers as well becomes readily apparent. The entire smoke screen of choice turns the baby into property, a thing, a commodity and not a someone. Truly a person is a person no matter how small. Thus the whole rhetoric of choice dehumanizes our brothers and sisters in the womb and puts them in the same category as junk cars, broken TV sets and busted stereos. They are throwaways. The whole rhetoric of choice reduces unborn babies to objects. The early feminists had it right: Do not treat women as objects. Unborn girls and boys are not objects, either.  Mr. Chairman, if you have ever watched an unborn child's image on an ultrasound or sonogram screen, you cannot help but be awed by the miracle of human life, by the preciousness of a child's being, and then be moved to pity by the helplessness and the vulnerability of that child, by the fragility of those tiny fingers and toes. To see an unborn child turning and kicking and sucking his or her thumb while still in utero shatters the myth that abortion merely removes tissue or the products of conception.  Mr. Chairman, abortion violence treats pregnancy as a sexually transmitted disease. The growing child is viewed as a tumor, a wart, as I said, as garbage.  During the debate in 1995, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton), who was then the sponsor of this amendment, asked, ``Who will speak for these children? We must speak for these children.'' Then the distinguished gentlewoman urged government subsidized abortion.  Mr. Chairman, it turns logic on its head to suggest that subsidizing violent acts of dismemberment and chemical poisoning to be somehow pro-child.  Finally, Mr. Chairman, Mother Teresa was right when she said, ``The greatest destroyer of peace today is abortion because it is a war against the child, a direct killing of an innocent child. Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching its people to love but to use violence to get what they want. That is why it is the greatest destroyer of love and peace.''  ``Please don't kill the baby,'' she admonished.  Mr. Chairman, finally, the baby of an inmate is just as important as any other child on Earth. Reject government funding of violence against children. I urge the membership to vote ``no'' on the DeGette amendment.  Ms. DeGETTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella).  