I thank the distinguished gentleman for yielding me this time.  Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution and express my deep gratitude to the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) for authoring it and for helping to bring it to the floor today and to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter) for his strong support for it and also to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman) for the very powerful words they have expressed on this floor, and to my friends on the other side of the aisle.  Madam Speaker, the self-styled ``international community'' has displayed an unseemly haste in trying to persuade the pro-democracy parties in Cambodia--which between them soundly defeated the dictator Hun Sen in the recent election, despite the regime's attempt to intimidate voters and to silence the opposition--hey have tried to get them to fold their tents and just slink away into oblivion. But to their credit, the democratic opposition has refused to give up. This is because they know Hun Sen and his government all too well. They know that he is a monster, as the gentleman from Nebraska pointed out a moment ago. He is bloodthirsty. He kills. They know that as a Khmer Rouge commander who split with Pol Pot, he did it not out of some moral principle, but in a factional power struggle. They know that he has killed many of his political opponents, probably by the thousands, and will kill more if he is given the opportunity. And they know that the only hope for Cambodia is for the forces of freedom and democracy to hold on as long as they can. This resolution comes at a very timely moment. It will give them some hope, yes, maybe a small and modest amount of hope, but it willgive them some hope that those of us in the international community, those of us in the People's House know what is going on and we stand in solidarity with those pro-democratic forces. It is a very good resolution. I hope it has the unanimous support of the House of Representatives.  Again, I want to thank the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter), the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman) for their leadership in bringing this to the floor.  