Mr. Speaker, I intend to vote in favor of the conference report, because we need a more taxpayer-friendly IRS. But I cannot cast my vote without stating my strong objection to the provision that changes the name of ``Most Favored Nation'' status (MFN) in an attempt to sugar-cost the practice of giving trade concessions to thugs and murderers.  It is hard to know what is worse about this provision: its deplorable substance, or the sneaky and underhanded way in which it has been adopted. This provision was inserted in the dark of night, just a few hours before the Rules Committee met on this bill. It was known to be controversial on both sides of the aisle, but opponents were given no warning--not a day, not an hour, not a minute's warning--that it might be inserted into a bill we all strongly support. And it has nothing at all to do with IRS reform. It is irrelevant, non-germane, out-of-scope, and contrary to the rules of the House.  On the merits, the ``normal trade relations'' provision substitutes an ideological slogan for a technically accurate term that is hundreds of years old and is universally accepted in international law and practice. When we sign an MFN agreement with a foreign nation, we do not and will not agree to give that nation something called ``normal trade relations.'' That term is meaningless in international law. What we do in these agreements, and will continue to do even after this provision is adopted, is agree to give that nation the same treatment as we give the nation that is ``most favored'' under our laws and treaties. So the name change is an international embarrassment--done for the sole purpose of making it politically more palatable to give MFN to China, or in the future maybe to other totalitarian dictatorship such as Viet Nam or North Korea.  Mr. Speaker, maybe we can change the politics of this issue by changing its name, but we can't change the facts. A government that murders and tortures people for their political and religious beliefs, that forces women to undergo abortion and sterilization, that executes prisoners in order to sell their body parts, that steals jobs from American workers by producing goods in forced labor camps, is not a ``normal'' government--and thank God for that. Unfortunately, what this provision says is that doing business with such a government should be ``business as usual.''  Mr. Speaker, if we had a fair and open debate on this provision, I would move that instead of changing the name of MFN to ``normal trade relations,'' we call it something more accurate, like ``dollars for dictators.''  Again, Mr. Speaker, I will vote for the conference report because I strongly support IRS reform. The legislation shifts the burden of proof from the taxpayer to the government. It creates an independent civilian review board to oversee the IRS. It requires IRS to be less arbitrary and to provide more due process before it seizes taxpayers' property. And it reduces the capital gains tax. These are all important victories for the American taxpayer. It's just too bad that we are also handing a victory to Beijing and Hanoi and to their partners and cheerleaders here in the United States.  