Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  First of all, this resolution is a bipartisan resolution. I am very pleased and honored to have the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman), the chairman of the Committee on International Relations, as one of the principal cosponsors of this bill; also, the gentleman from New York (Mr. King); the gentleman from New York (Mr. Manton); the gentleman from New York (Mr. Walsh); the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Kennedy); the gentleman from New York (Mr. McHugh); the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Payne); the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Shays); the gentleman from New York (Mr. Hinchey); the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Andrews); and the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Mrs. Kennelly) to name just some of the cosponsors of this H. Con. Res. 1252.  Mr. Speaker, we are expressing a sense of the Congress that all parties to the multiparty peace talks regarding Northern Ireland should condemn violence and fully integrate internationally recognized human rights standards and address the outstanding human rights violations as part of the peace process.  Mr. Speaker, I think it is important to note that Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, the British Irish Watch, the Committee on the Administration of Justice, Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, and many, many others have urged that this House pass this resolution.  As a matter of fact, just to read some of their statements, Human Rights Watch said, ``Human Rights Watch fully supports the resolution now being considered for passage by the Congress regarding human rights in the Northern Ireland peace process. The resolution rightly recognizes the gravity of past violations and the role that such abuses have played in perpetuating the conflict. The resolution is a signal that Congress is eager to prevent the same kind of lack of attention to human rights issues which has doomed other peace processes and may threaten the success of the Northern Ireland peace process if action is not taken now.''  Mr. Speaker, the Committee on the Administration of Justice and I recently traveled to the north of Ireland, met with all of the parties, like other Members of this House have and other Members of the Senate, but I found that the Committee on the Administration of Justice tries to evenhandedly promote human rights. Whether they be Protestant or Catholic, a person's value and dignity must be respected.  Well, of the committee, Martin O'Brien stated, and I quote, ``Any effort by Congress to raise these issues is particularly welcomed and deserves widespread support. In that regard, the initiative is to be supported, and it would be helpful if the concerns of the Congress on human rights be raised with the British and the Irish Governments,'' and it goes on, and I would put the full statement into the Record at the appropriate time.  Mr. Speaker, there is a great opportunity, a window of opportunity right now, especially on St. Patrick's Day, but in the coming weeks as part of these multiparty talks to come to a conclusion. We need to express in a bipartisan way, Democrats, Republicans, moderates, liberals and conservatives, that we are foursquare, fully behindthis effort to bring peace to the north of Ireland where some 3,000 people have been killed by paramilitaries on both sides, as well as by agents of the British Government.  It is time to say no to violence; that no matter what dips may be in the road ahead, that violence is not a solution. Knee-capping and terrorism is not a means to an end, no matter how justified one may think they are. Whether it be the IRA on the Catholic side or perhaps on the Protestant side, some of the terrorist groups, all of those acts of violence are to be condemned, and we ought to be promoting peace, and that is, indeed, what we are doing. Thankfully, the United States is playing a very real and significant role.  Former Senator Mitchell is the chairman of these multiparty talks and has done an exemplary job in bringing the disparate factions together to try to come to a peaceful resolution.  Again, this window of opportunity is right now before them. The discussions begin in earnest again on March 23, and we expect, hopefully before Easter, that there will be a framework, there will be a final document produced; maybe that is a bit premature, but that is part of the expectation, and that a referendum could be held sometime in the latter part of May, perhaps in June, to begin or to further this process.  I found on that trip, and I have also had two lengthy human rights hearings in my subcommittee in which we heard from all parties, that the time for peace is at hand, and I think by going on the record today, we send a clear, unmistakable message that we, too, are watching and hoping and praying that peace will come to the north of Ireland and that human rights will be at its core. It cannot be an ancillary issue; it cannot be a P.S., a postscript at the end of the statement. They need to be integral in this peace agreement, and all parties, I think, need to recognize the value and the dignity of each and every human life, and that is what I think will lead to justice, and justice to a sustainable peace.  So I would hope that everyone could get behind H. Con. Res. 152 and we could make a unanimous statement here on the floor today that we are for this peace process.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  