Mr. Speaker, there were no elements. I was the one who was in conference with our leadership on this.  Let me just say that mention has been made that somehow this rule is unfair on pro-life issues. Nothing can be further from the truth. Let me state to Members that, in the full Committee on Appropriations, my good friend, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Wicker), offered to compromised Mexico City policy, which allows the President to waive one of the two mainstays of that pro-life Mexico City policy. It is a clear concession by the pro-life side. It is a compromise.  The Committee on Appropriations accepted the Wicker amendment. In order to expedite consideration of that bill, they decided that there would be a voice vote. We would have gladly had the vote and the debate in the committee.  There was no mention that a perfecting amendment would be offered or not be offered. But let me remind Members of the history. Every time I have offered this amendment, the Mexico City amendment, it has been second degreed. I accept that. On May 24th, 1995, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella) offered the second degree. June 28th, 1995, in the foreign ops bill, Jan Meyers offered the second degree. I accepted that. That is the process. We all live under the same rules. June 11th, 1997 the gentleman from California (Mr. Campbell) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Greenwood) second degreed the underlying amendment that I had offered.  Last year, September 4, after the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi) offered an amendment, it was a second degree, and that was the second second degree. The first one that had been proffered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman), the gentleman from California (Mr. Campbell) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Greenwood), was deemed that it was not good enough. That is what held up that process and we acceded again and allowed a second degree amendment to the Smith amendment to be offered.  Now the shoe is on the other foot and some folks are crying foul. Really that does not pass the straight face test. It strains credulity to make that argument on the floor here. Every time the gentlewoman has offered her second degree, I have accepted it. Now I get to offer the second degree and to say foul does not cut it.  I hope Members will vote for this rule.  