Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to make very clear, when we talk about legislative process, the Mexico City policy was offered on this floor, it mustered a clear majority vote when it was considered. The House even went on record and instructed conferees to retain the policy in conference. So it was a very real and legitimate part of the House/Senate conference that occurred.  The flip side of it is that, on the issue of arrearages, that measure did not pass here but passed on the Senate, but we acceded to the Senate to move that ball forward.  Let me also make a point, when Members suggest that my friends on the other side of the aisle were locked out of the price, let me just note that I chaired the subcommittee that wrote the major product that emerged as the State Department authorization bill. We had five hearings that preceded the markup of the bill that is now before us.  My good friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), and the Democrats were absolutely free to ask any question, to be part of that process, as they so engaged themselves. We had a markup in subcommittee. Twenty one amendments were offered. That markup went very well and the bill passed onto the full committee.  We went to the full committee. During several days of markup we considered 22 amendments to the State portion of the bill. The bill came over to the floor. We spent 4 days on the floor of the House of Representatives. Members who wanted to offer amendments on the other side of the aisle were free to do so provided they were germane. A total of 34 amendments were offered, fully debated, recorded votes occurred.  We then went to conference. On issue after issue, our staffs, as well as Members, met, talked about language and sections of the bill. There were some things that we came to an impasse on. The major issue upon which deadlocked the conference was the Mexico City policy.  This House instructed the conferees to stay with that the pro-life position. We did so on the State Department bill as well. So this is a clear manifestation of House sentiment. That is part of this bill.  I would argue that this has been a give-and-take. We have provided a compromise Mexico City policy. We also provide the arrearages, which is an anathema to many Members of this side of the aisle, and many on that side of the aisle as well, but there are some reform provisions that make it very meaningful.  So there is give-and-take in the legislative process. The President regrettably or some on the other side want itto be all give from us and all take by them. That's unacceptable. Let me again say very clearly 77 amendments were offered to this legislation in subcommittee, full committee, and on the floor. The gentleman's side of the aisle had every effort to participate.  