Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  I rise in opposition to the Skaggs amendment which would zero out all funding for TV Marti. The Skaggs amendment is aimed at the heart of what is sometimes called surrogate broadcasting. An even better term is freedom broadcasting, sending the message of freedom to people who live in countries where this message is not permitted to be carried on domestic radio and television stations.  The Skaggs amendment would deprive the many thousands of Cubans who are now able to see TV Marti, despite the Castro regime's jamming of vital information about the free world. This would not be the only effects of the amendment. If the United States concedes defeat to Castro, we will also be depriving millions of Cubans of the hope that comes with knowing that the free world cares.  Eliminating freedom television broadcasting to Cuba, as the Skaggs amendment will do, would send exactly the wrong message at exactly the wrong time. The silencing of TV Marti would provide new hope for the Castro dictatorship and a fresh dose of despair for the Cuban people.  The argument that TV Marti is technologically inadequate and that we should, therefore, not fund it is designed to be a self-fulfilling prophecy. The Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights, which I chair, has examined this question in public hearings over the last 3 years.  We discovered, in effect, that it is too soon to evaluate the success of TV Marti because, frankly, the Clinton administration has never really tried to make TV Marti work. The reasons TV Marti does reach some Cubans have nothing to do with technology. They have more to do with administrative timidity.  Right now, because of jamming by the Castro regime, TV Marti admittedly has an audience in Havana that is probably limited to about 40,000 people. But it could also be received by many more people outside of the Havana area, as well as by government officials and the Communist Party elite who have access to satellite television.  It is important to let these officials know that the world is watching them, but there is no question we can do better. I am informed that Castro has devoted 15 to 20 powerful transmitters to jamming TV Marti, while we employ only one transmitter to send the signal.  In the past when tyrannical regimes have jammed the Voice of America or Radio Free Europe or Radio Liberty, we have responded to the jamming with more powerful transmitters andmultiple transmission sites. When it comes to jamming and finding solutions to jamming, we regularly defeated the Soviet Union in its heyday.  I believe we can defeat the Castro regime, at least getting information in. The only question is whether we have the political will. I remind my colleagues that when the authorizing bill came up on the floor for the foreign relations reform bill, H.R. 1757, I offered the amendment on Radio Free Asia that would make it a 24-hour service. It is about a third of that right now. Twenty-four hours, despite the fact that Radio Free Asia was being jammed routinely by the Beijing dictatorship as well as by the Hanoi dictatorship.  But we made the decision that we were going to try to overcome the obstacles and get the message through. I happen to believe that that can be the case if there is the political will to do so. Where there is a will there is a way. Unfortunately, right now we are allowing this not to get through, because we do not have that want, that ability to push hard. Really, it is the old Washington two-step. You cripple it, you do not do everything that you could possibly do, and then you say it is not working.  We have yet to really try, and I remember when Radio Marti, when Members would stand up and many of the opponents who are against it would stand up and say it is not getting through. It is getting through now in many instances, and I think the same will happen with TV Marti. We have got to have the political will, and hopefully the administration will get that soon.  