Mr. Chairman, I just want to make it very clear to the Members that this is a clear-cut vote on the Hyde amendment for the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program. It is identical in terms of its wording, in terms of its effect, the rape, incest and the life of the mother exceptions are included.  Let me point out that the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Kennedy) was saying, this is another gift, or not precisely his words, from the Republican majority. Well, I am very glad that my colleagues on the Republican side respect the value and dignity of unborn life and want to protect it in a tangible way, but many of our colleagues on the Democrat side likewise feel the unborn are worthy of respect and that the subsidization of their killing by way of abortion is not something that we can countenance.  When we contribute, as we do, in excess of 70 percent, 73 percent of the money for the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program comes right from the taxpayers. Less than a quarter of it comes from, or a little over a quarter comes from the premium payer. So we are talking about a tax-payer-funded abortion scheme.  The Supreme Court made it very clear in upholding the Hyde amendment that there is a fundamental difference between abortion and all other types of surgeries. Surgeries and health interventions normally are designed to cure and to mitigate disease, to excise a cyst, unless one construes an unborn cyst to be a tumor or a wart to be done away with at will; and, again, the court that actually gave us Roe versus Wade when it upheld the Hyde amendment said there is a fundamental difference between the two.  Let me also remind my colleagues that the Federal service labor management relation statute makes it very clear that there is no collective bargaining over health benefits. It is not permitted in this Federal sector, and whether we like that or not, that is the law. We can prescribe or proscribe certain limitations on what is permitted and what is not under the health benefits program. Those of us who believe that the unborn are worthy of respect, that chemical poisoning and dismemberment is an abuse of that child, it is child abuse in the extreme, and it exploits women, those of us who have that view I believe have every right to stand here and say, do not use my taxpayer dollars, or my premium dollars, to pay for the destruction of that unborn child.  As I said earlier in the debate, there is not a single method employed by the abortionists that is precluded if the DeLauro amendment were to pass. So even partial birth abortions could be subsidized, as well as the suction and all of the other methods that do grotesque things to unborn children.  So I urge Members to realize that, as legislators and lawmakers, I believe we have an affirmative obligation to the weakest and the most vulnerable among us, even when it is inconvenient, even when people stand up and say, oh, you are antiwoman or, you do not care about women's rights. I care about women's rights. I care for women deeply. But I believe that killing unborn baby girls and boys is an act of violence, I say that with all due respect to my friends on the other side, and that birth is an event that happens to all of us. It is not the beginning of life. And that child is deserving of respect and that, at the minimal, we should not be subsidizing the demise of those children.  