Mr. Speaker, as a cosponsor of H.R. 4293, The Northern Ireland Visa for Peace and Reconciliation Act, I rise to urge my colleagues to support final passage of this bill and give further evidence of America's support for achieving economic justice and a lasting peace in Northern Ireland.  As Chairman of the Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights, I have held a series of hearings on the human rights abuses that persist in Northern Ireland. Regrettably, harassment of defense attorneys, lack of access to legal counsel, search and seizure abuses, sectarian use of plastic bullets and the prospect of collusion between loyalist paramilitary organizations and the police and security forces have all marked the history of British rule in Northern Ireland.  Along with these problems in the judiciary and in the enforcement of the rule of law, Northern Ireland has also suffered from discrimination against Catholics in the workplace. For instance, Catholic males are more than twice as likely as Protestant males to be unemployed.  H.R. 4293, like the International Fund for Ireland which we created in the 1980s and which we have funded consistently every year since, will help those in Northern Ireland who continue to struggle to find work, or who are still discriminated against because of their faith. H.R. 4293 creates a temporary working visa category for individuals from disadvantaged areas in Northern Ireland so that they can come to the U.S., learn new job skills,participate in cross-community training programs, and promote economic equality when they return to Ireland.  As drafted, H.R. 4293 is intended to help mitigate the social and economic problems that have contributed to civil unrest in Northern Ireland. By permitting young, unskilled people from the areas of civil strife to spend a brief time in the U.S. to learn a craft and experience the diversity of our country, we will help disadvantaged youth in nationalist and loyalist communities break the cycles of unemployment and distrust which have contributed greatly to the civil unrest in the region. The program will also enhance economic relations the trade between the U.S. and Northern Ireland.  When I was in Northern Ireland last year, I was amazed, saddened--and highly insulted--when a leading Unionist party official told me that Catholics remained unemployed in Northern Ireland not because of any subtle or blatant discrimination against them but rather because ``they'' are unskilled. He proceeded to reason, to my disbelief, that Catholics are good in the arts and entertainment field--i.e., singing and dancing--but are ``wanting'' in the math, sciences and other applications more fitting for finding work. I asked for data to back up his theory and needless to say I never got it.  It is this sort of ``typecasting'' and discrimination that can fuel civil strife. I am pleased that H.R. 4293 will go a long way in providing new employment experiences for the workers in both the Catholic and Protestant communities, give them opportunities to disprove the stereotypes they have supposed about each other over the years, and enable them to return home and provide the crucial skill base needed to attract more international private investment opportunities in their local economy.  