Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher), my good friend, for yielding me this time and for his excellent work on this issue.  Mr. Speaker, let me just make it very clear what this vote is about. It is about U.S. taxpayer subsidies for one of the worst dictatorships in the world. Let us be clear on another thing. There is no freedom of immigration from Vietnam. If there were, there would be no need for this waiver. The administration could simply certify that Vietnam complies with the Jackson-Vanik Freedom of Information requirement. Instead, by waiving the requirement, the administration has conceded that there is no such freedom.  Yes, the government allows some people to leave when it is good and ready. But for the many thousands who have been persecuted because they were on our side during the Vietnam war, Vietnam is still a prison.  I hope my colleagues understand that this is not a vote about free trade. It is about subsidies; corporate welfare for Communists. Since the President gave the waiver in March, the U.S. taxpayer has been paying for Eximbank and OPIC subsidies of trade and investment in Vietnam. Many of these taxpayer dollars subsidize ventures owned in large part by the Government of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. Overregulation and widespread corruption make Vietnam a terrible place to do business.  Mr. Speaker, let me also remind Members, I was the prime sponsor of the amendment back in 1995. We had a hot debate, because we were sending people back who were real refugees. Yes, there has been some progress on ROVR. But we find that it slows to a trickle, to nothingness, when they decide to turn off the spigot. We should not be intimidated by that kind of opening and closing of the gates for the ROVR program.  Let me also say that in Vietnam, human rights violations are many. Catholic priests, Buddhists, are arrested and imprisoned. Vietnam enforces a two-child-per-couple policy by depriving parents of unauthorized children of employment and other government benefits. It denies workers the right to organize independent trade unions and has subjected many to forced labor.  The government not only denies freedom of the press, but also systematically jams Radio Free Asia which tries to bring them the kind of broadcasting they would provide for themselves if their government would allow them free expression.  Many organizations support the Rohrabacher resolution: the American Legion, the veterans groups. I urge my colleagues to please vote for it.  So we should disapprove the Jackson-Vanik waiver at least until the government allows all the ROVR-eligible refugees to leave. And we should also stand up for the people who never left Viet Nam and are still trapped there, including long-term reeducation camp survivors and former U.S. government employees. Many of these people are members of the Montagnard ethnic minority who fought valiantly for the U.S. and have suffered greatly ever since. As of a few weeks ago, only 4 Montagnard applicants--out of over 800 we believe to be eligible for U.S. refugee programs--have been cleared for refugee interviews.  Finally, we must not forget the prisoners of conscience. Hanoi imprisons Catholic priests, Buddhist monks, pro-democracy activists, scholars, and poets. When we complain to the Vietnamese government, they just respond that ``we have a different system.'' They need to be persuaded that a system like this is not one that Americans will subsidize.  In Vietnam human rights violations are many. Hanoi arrests and imprisons Catholic priests and Buddhist monks. Vietnam enforces a ``two-child per couple'' policy by depriving the parents of ``unauthorized'' children of employment and other government benefits. It denies workers the right to organize independent trade unions, and has subjected many to forced labor. The government not only denies freedom of the press, but also systematically jams Radio Free Asia, which tries to bringthem the kind of broadcasting they would provide for themselves if their government would allow freedom of expression.  Mr. Speaker, the Vietnamese government and its victims will both be watching this vote. We must send the message that economic benefits from the United States absolutely depend on decent treatment of Vietnam's own people. We may not be able to insist on perfection, but we must insist on progress.  