Mr. Chairman I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the DeLauro amendment. The underlying language I would just say to my colleagues that is in this bill that the DeLauro amendment would gut has been in effect every year except two since the early 1980s and can best be described as the Hyde amendment for the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program. The prolife language in the bill ensures that taxpayers and premium payers do not subsidize abortion on demand, and that very simply is the issue that is before us.  Today we vote on whether the taxpayers will indeed subsidize. That is what it is all about.  As Members probably know, the taxpayers pay more than 73 percent of thetotal funding of the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program. My colleagues and I, those of us who are part of that program, pay the remaining 27 percent. So the same rationale holds here as in the Hyde amendment. Americans should not be forced to underwrite the cost of destroying unborn babies.  Despite, Mr. Chairman, and I just say this with all due respect to my colleagues on the other side, despite the years of propaganda, despite all of the efforts to sanitize, and the euphemisms, and the masking of abortion, the partial-birth abortion debate has finally stripped the veil off the sordid business of what abortion is all about. Abortion, Mr. Chairman, is violence against children, it is the ultimate human rights abuse, and it tries to purport to be a right, and yet it is violence.  Abortion methods are acts of violence that usually kill the victim, although we are seeing in growing numbers of cases, the most recently the doctor in Phoenix that was trying to destroy a child using partial-birth abortion, and, after slashing and lacerating the child's face, realized the kid, the baby, was so old that he could not continue with it. That is what the defenders of partial-birth abortion have to defend because that is what happens each and every day. Normally they just result in killing the baby with their violent methods.  Some of those methods, as I have said on this floor, and I think it bears repeating until it hopefully gets across to a growing number of people, include dismemberment of an unborn child. Loop-shaped knives called curettes are used to literally hack off the arms, and the legs, and the head, leaving a torso, and the ribs are ripped apart. That is the ugly reality stripped of all the euphemisms of what abortion is all about. It is done routinely, and then the suction machine that is 20 to 30 times more powerful than the average vacuum cleaner takes that bloody pulp of what used to be a baby and puts that baby into a bottle. I do not know how people can defend that.  Chemical abortions, salt abortions, saline salting out, high concentrated salt solutions pumped into the amniotic sac. The baby breaths in that fluid because the organs of respiration are being developed, and it is the amniotic fluid that goes in and out until the actual birth occurs, and swallows and digests, if my colleagues will, through, or absorbs through the lungs that high-concentrated salt; kills the baby usually in about 2 hours, and when the baby emerges after delivery, a very chemically-burned, often very red child emerges, and this is commonplace. This is called the right to choose.  And, of course, as we all know, again very soon when we debate the partial-birth abortion ban, which would be covered if the DeLauro amendment passes, there is nothing whatsoever that would preclude payment under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program for the partial-birth abortions. And we all remember the big lie that was used to minimize and trivialize the number of those later-term abortions that are done in this country. When that was unmasked, in my own State of New Jersey one clinic was found to be doing 1,500 of those grisly child killings per year, all of a sudden the 500 figure, which Planned Parenthood and the Guttmacher Institute and ZPG and all the other groups were bandying about in letters to my colleagues and to I and to everyone else, and I have copies of the letters, they said that is what the number was. Well, 500 would be a massacre as well, but it is many, many thousands more than that. That could be subsidized and paid for if the DeLauro amendment were to prevail.  The amendment that we have crafted, and I first offered it, John Ashcroft offered it, did not prevail in the early 1980s. I offered it back, I believe it was in 1983. It has been in effect except for 2 years, and it has said very simply we do not want to be part of subsidizing either through the 70 to 73 percent of our taxpayer portion or as premium payers, those of us who buy our insurance, HMOs, whatever, we do not want to be subsidizing abortion. That is what this is simply all about.  Let me remind Members that in virtually every poll, and I have a whole list of them here, when people are asked do they want to subsidize or have the government pay for abortions, the answer is clearly and unambiguously no.  So I ask Members, and let me remind them there are three exceptions in this amendment: rape, incest and life of the mother. That has been the law for the last couple of years, so I do hope that Members will support the Hyde amendment of the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program. Defeat the DeLauro amendment.  