Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this important resolution that addresses many of the unresolved issues of the Holocaust era. I appreciate the efforts of my colleagues, Mr. Gilman and the bill's sponsor, Mr. Lantos, and their staff for preparing this important measure.  In the aftermath of the Holocaust, survivors struggled to rebuild their lives. Holocaust victims in Western countries generally received some monetary compensation from Germany, albeit very limited compensation. Those victims whose homelands fell behind the Iron Curtain after World War II did not receive even this slight measure of justice. Other issues related to the Holocaust era, including the disposition of assets such as real or financial property, art work, and insurance policy proceeds went unresolved for all of these individuals, as well as for religious communities.  Mr. Speaker, a belated measure of justice for Holocaust victims is within reach. Much has been achieved, including unprecedented settlements between Holocaust survivors, Swiss Banks, and European insurance companies. Building on this momentum, the State Department and the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum will convene the Washington Conference on Holocaust-era Assets next month to address issues of Nazi-confiscated assets, including art, insurance, communal property, libraries and archives, as well as Holocaust education, research and remembrance. Conference participants will include government officials from over 40 countries, historians, experts, and representatives of major NGOs including the survivor community.  This resolution could not be considered at a more opportune moment. The resolution calls on countries to return expropriated properties to Holocaust victims or their heirs without arbitrary discrimination. It calls for the opening of archives relating to the Nazi era and for the continued prosecution of Nazi-era war criminals. It calls on Germany to provide just reparations to all Holocaust victims without delay and without the use of unreasonable eligibility criteria. Of equal importance, this resolution calls on all countries to encourage education on the history of the Holocaust and the consequences of the failure to respect human rights.  Mr. Speaker, we should pass this resolution as a demonstration of Congress' support for the U.S. Government's efforts to achieve justice for Holocaust victims and their families. I strongly urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this measure