Mr. Chairman, I want to congratulate Chairman Rogers, as well as my good friend Mr. Mollohan, the distinguished ranking minority member, and other members of the subcommittee for reporting a bill that protects the American taxpayer while allowing the State Department and our other foreign policy institutions to conduct a foreign policy that promotes American interests and American values around the world.  As chairman of the Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights, the principal authorizing subcommittee for the Department of State and our other foreign policy agencies, I am particularly pleased that the appropriation for resolution of the dispute over United Nations arrearages is made expressly conditional on enactment of an authorization bill. This ensures that we will not write a blank check to the United Nations without insisting on the reform conditions contained in H.R. 1757, the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act--reforms which will save the American taxpayer many millions of dollars in the long run.  The bill also provides adequate funding for our public diplomacy programs--the National Endowment for Democracy, as well as the international information programs, exchanges, and freedom broadcasting services conducted by the United States Information Agency. I am pleased that the Committee report expressly supports the Tibet Scholarships, the East Timor Scholarships, and the South Pacific Scholarships. This list should certainly not be read to exclude the scholarship and fellowship programs for students and academics from Burma who have been forced into exile by the military dictatorship in that country. These are all small programs targeted at people who particularly need them. They not only promote American values, but do so efficiently, at far less cost per participant than larger programs.  The funding provided in the bill for international broadcasting is unfortunately somewhat lower than the amount authorized in H.R. 1757. Each of our broadcasting services--the Voice of America, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, Radio Free Asia, and Radio/TV Marti, and WorldNet--works in its own way to promote freedom and democracy. I want to call particular attention to our ``surrogate'' services--those which supply people who do notenjoy freedom of expression with the kinds of broadcasting they themselves would conduct if their governments would only allow it.  The surrogate broadcasting service with the longest and most glorious history is Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL). It is now generally acknowledged that FRE/RL was an important part of the reason the free world won the Cold War. By providing the peoples of the Soviet Union and occupied eastern and central Europe with information and ideas to which their governments tried to deny them access, we kept hope alive. The end of the Cold War in Europe, however, did not make these services obsolete. On the contrary, they are still desperately needed in countries such as Serbia and Byelorussia, whose governments still deny fundamental freedoms. Even in countries whose press has become free during the last decade, RFE/RL continues to set the standard for professional journalism. And RFE/RL is uniquely suited to fill the needs of the people of Iraq and Iran for freedom broadcasting. As both Houses of Congress have acknowledged by passing the conference report to H.R. 1757, the world still needs RFE/RL, and there is no particular reason to believe that this need will suddenly disappear in the year 2000. Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty is not a relic but a treasure.  Radio Free Asia and Radio/TV Marti also provide the message of freedom to people whose governments deny freedom of expression. The bill provides $22 million for Radio Free Asia (RFA), the amount we provided in H.R. 1757. This should be sufficient not only to provide 24-hour broadcasting to China in Mandarin, Cantonese, and Wu, but also to initiate the important Uighur service as recommended in the Committee report. I also urge RFA to find a solution--more powerful transmitters, new transmission sites, whatever it takes--to the systematic jamming undertaken by the government of Viet Nam. And it is terribly important that we take similar action in order to bring TV Marti to a wider audience, rather than concede defeat to the Castro regime as some would suggest.  Finally, I want to express my disappointment that the bill does not fund the East-West Center or the North-South Center. Each of these institutions promotes understanding with an area of the world to which other U.S. institutions give inadequate attention, and both the East-West Center and the North-South Center operate at very lost cost compared to these other institutions. I particularly want to commend the East-West Center for its efforts to keep the line of communication and understanding open between policy makers in the United States and the Pacific Island nations. Too many ``Asia-Pacific'' institutions and programs seem to regard the Pacific as a place you have to fly over in order to get to Asia. The East-West Center is a happy exception to this rule. The nations of the Pacific, like those of Latin America, are our historic allies. They share our values. They need us, and we need them. I urge the funding for the East-West Center and the North-South Center to restored in conference.  