Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the resolution, H. Con. Res. 235, calling for an end to the violent repression of the legitimate rights of the people of Kosovo. In recent weeks we have seen yet another outbreak of deadly violence in the Balkans, with the Serbian police and the military units striking certain regions in Kosovo and killing as many as 80 Kosovar Albanians.  I am an original cosponsor of the resolution, and I appreciate very much the work done by my colleagues, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Engel) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman), the chairman of the full committee, to bring this measure to the floor. The measure was considered in committee last week, at which time a number of amendments that I offeredwere adopted, including one asking that the OSCE mission be allowed back into Kosovo as soon as possible.  Mr. Speaker, we must all recognize that, despite the complexity of the Balkans, primary responsibility for nearly a decade of conflict in the former Yugoslavia lies squarely on the shoulders of Milosevic and his regime in Belgrade. Since 1989, when Milosevic unilaterally revoked Kosovo's autonomy, he has established as official policy discrimination against ethnic Albanians, who constitute 90 percent of the population of Kosovo, especially in terms of employment. Milosevic's police force in Kosovo is, in reality, more of an army, which has arbitrarily harassed, detained, tortured and even murdered innocent Albanians on a regular basis.  Tomorrow, in fact, the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, which I co-chair, will be conducting a hearing on the issue of the repression and the violence in Kosovo. As the Commission has followed closely this situation in Kosovo, it has become clear that Mr. Milosevic responds to criticism only when there is a clear resolve that his aggression, violence, and abuse of human rights will invoke serious consequences.  I would note that the language of the resolution states that no independent national or United States sanctions currently in force against the Government of Serbia or Montenegro should be terminated at this time unless a judgment is made that such termination would help encourage a peaceful resolution to the repression in Kosovo.  In this resolution, we call on the authorities of Serbia-Montenegro to fully cooperate with efforts and initiatives of the OSCE, including the immediate and unconditional return of a mission of long duration. The mission mandate should focus on all of Serbia and Montenegro and should be held by a person of prominence.  Belgrade expelled the mission, you might recall, Mr. Speaker, in 1993 and has made its return contingent on the lifting of Yugoslavia's suspension in the OSCE. Both Kosovar Albanians and Kosovar Serbs have told us that the return of the mission is desirable. The mission would monitor the situation both in Kosovo and in Serbia and Montenegro and would facilitate local dialogue in order to help deter an escalation of conflict and the violation of human rights.  I believe, Mr. Speaker, that we should enthusiastically support the investigation and prosecution of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia of crimes against humanity committed in Kosovo. The events in Kosovo in recent days are reminiscent of what took place at the beginning of the Bosnian conflict in 1992, and they could similarly escalate into massive and violent ethnic cleansing.  Mr. Speaker, this is a very good resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  