Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I am quoting from the USDA report and part of a letter that the Secretary sent up regarding this issue. I want to quote from a response by them:       ``The animal damage control specialists perform a variety      of activities to protect agricultural resources, but also      help protect public health and safety, natural resources     and property. A budget reduction of $10 million would lead to      a major reduction in ADC field personnel throughout the      country and significantly affect the program's      infrastructure.''  Mr. Chairman, this is a misguided effort by those who do not like agriculture, and obviously we have seen the results of that. People here all day long and all day yesterday, who are the enemies of agriculture, are attacking this program from every point and every source.  By the way, there will be a scoring here. I have a new scoring program. Everybody scores, so I am going to start scoring for agriculture. Now, all you are out that I have heard. There are some that may be in, but we will see how they act and how they vote. So we are going to score.  Mr. Chairman, my colleagues have missed the point. They have attempted to attack agriculture, and they have really attacked the effort to manage wildlife in America. Because we have trained experts that we have in the services, in the wildlife services, and in the case of Oregon and in the case of your States wildlife specialists who have dedicated their lives to the balance of wildlife and the balance of nature. If this should pass, sure it will impact those people who raise domestic animals. But I want to re-emphasize to some Members who do not know about the predation in the West and around the country of deer and of antelope and of elk and of our wildlife. If we allow the imbalance to continue, we continue to ruin that side of our wildlife population. I do not suppose we want to do that. I doubt it. But I do not think we do. But that is exactly what we are doing if we vote for this amendment.  Now, one other thing. Let us assume that the gentleman from Oregon does not know what he is talking about and let us assume that I do not know what I am talking about, and we will let the gentleman from New Hampshire go on his own, so I will make a deal with you. If you will agree that we do not know what we are talking about, why do we not turn it over to the specialists, to the wildlife specialists in this country and in Oregon to manage our wildlife and to manage this situation. If you want to take my deal, you will vote against the amendment.  