Mr. Chairman, I want to commend the gentleman, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of the amendment. We should have nothing to do with the oppressive PLA. Making them part of the defense procurement process in this country is patently absurd. I thank the gentleman for his amendment.  I would like to thank my good friend, Representative Sanders, for taking the initiative in preparing this amendment, of which I am a proud cosponsor. This amendment simply requires that companies owned by the People's Republic of China and its People's Liberation Army not be allowed to profit from contracts with the United States Department of Defense.  Over the past several years, the Chinese dictatorship and its military enforcer, the People's Liberation Army, have begun turning a profit using a vast web of state-owned companies and surrogate entities. These commercial entities are involved with everything from arms sales to hotel management, and are an important source of clandestine revenue for the Beijing regime.  The billions of dollars and technological know-how gained by these commercial ventures are helping to underwrite a massive, surreptitious modernization of the Chinese armed forces. Although the Chinese government claims that it spent only $11 billion on its armed forces last year, the U.S. Arms Control and Disarmament Agency estimates that the actual figure is nearly six times that amount. Because the revenue generated by PRC and PLA-owned enterprises is not publicly disclosed or included in the Chinese government's declared budget, we cannot be certain of its extent. But responsible estimates by international experts reach into the billions of dollars.  The Sanders-Smith amendment is important to the struggle for human rights. The People's Republic of China and the PLA still defiantly refuse to face the truth about their massacre of hundreds of peaceful democracy advocates in Tiananmen Square nine years ago this month. The PLA is engaged in the brutal occupation of Tibet, the repression of religious free exercise, and the sale of human organs from executed prisoners. The Chinese government uses forced abortion and sterilization as an officially sanctioned component of its population control program. According to testimony provided by my Subcommittee on numerous occasions, state-owned entities are also exploiting slave labor in the Chinese loagai. Our Defense Department must not enrich and empower the repressive forces of the Chinese government.  The Sanders-Smith amendment is also justified by strategic concerns:  Chinese state-owned companies routinely engage in destabilizing activities, such as the sale of weapons--sometimes including weapons of mass destruction--to countries such as Iran, Burma, Pakistan, and Saudi Arabia. And PLA-owned companies have been caught smuggling weapons into the United States. A 1996 FBI sting operation intercepted 2,000 AK-47 machine guns apparently intended for use by terrorists or other violent criminals.  PLA and PRC-owned enterprises are also procuring cutting-edge technology--such as supercomputers and advanced telecommunications equipment--that can be put to military use. Because these companies ostensibly use such technology for commercial purposes, they are often not subject to the export controls that would be imposed on military transfers. An essay by Chinese General Ding Henggao [DING heng-GOW], translated by the Pentagon, confirms that China is actively pursuing ``possible transfers from commercial technology to defense use.''  Against this background, the Sanders-Smith amendment deserves universal, bipartisan support. It merely states that the United States Department of Defense must take care not to subsidize the Chinese military by awarding contracts to PLA and PRC-owned enterprises. American security and American ideals demand no less.  