Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, let me make it very clear, and I think we all more and more of us realize this, abortion is violence against children. Abortion is violence against children. It is not some benign act that benefits or nurtures. It kills babies.  Now that can be done by the hideous method that we have described called partial-birth abortion where the brains are literally sucked out of the body of a child. Or it can be done by dismemberment, by hooking up a powerful loop-shaped knife, a curette, to a suction machine 20 to 30 times more powerful than the average vacuum cleaner. Or it could be done by a myriad of chemical potions, salt solution that burns the baby to death.  The other side on this issue will defend that as choice. That is violence against children. Saline abortion is violence against children. RU-486, Mr. Chairman, is just the newest form of baby pesticide. A chemical that has no intention of nurturing, providing any benefit to the baby, just kill the baby. Make the child a deceased member of the human race.  Mr. Chairman, the FDA should be all about testing and helping to bring to market those drugs that save and nurture and heal. RU-486 does not heal, unless Members think that a baby is a disease or a wart or some other disposable appendage that has to be done away with.  The ``choice'' rhetoric is cheap. It denigrates human life. Unborn children are no different than my colleagues or I, except by reason of their immaturity and their developmental status in life. That is all. Nothing is added from the moment of fertilization until natural death.  When will we wake up and see that birth is an event that happens to each and every one of us. It is not the beginning of life. And an unborn child deserves at least the minimum respect of not having new drugs, new devices developed that kill them.  It is a new mouse trap. How can we better kill those kids? These are boys and girls that are being killed. Chemical abortions, RU-486, as we all know, usually has its operative effect at around the seventh week. Other chemical potions have it at other times during the pregnancy. But all of them do the same thing. They kill the baby.  Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues, support this very important amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn). I urge everyone to support it.  