Mr. Chairman, I rise in very strong opposition to this amendment.  I hope Members pay close attention in reading the amendment. This amendment does not define the term ``contraceptive.''  Now, one might think that the meaning of the term is self-evident, but this is not so. The term ``contraceptive'' is not defined in Federal law. Moreover, the debates on this very issue on the floor of this very body in recent times demonstrates that there is clearly a sharp disagreement, even among Members of this body and among groups promoting this type of amendment, regarding what the term actually means.  For example, the abortion pill RU46 is used to chemically induce abortions between 5 and 7 weeks into pregnancy, yet some groups refer to it as a contraceptive in their literature. The original Lowey amendment contained a definition which, in my view, is flawed, but this version contains no definition at all. Therefore, it imposes a complex and perhaps impossible new duty on the FDA officials, and so we have a situation where it will be in the eyes of the beholder.  Let me also point out to my colleagues that this is a mandate. Mr. Chairman, if we read the language of this legislation or of this amendment, an HMO or a provider of services under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program would not even get reimbursed for an antibiotic that they wanted to write as a prescription, penicillin or any other kind of prescription, unless they provided a provision of contraceptive coverage, and again, that is not defined.  So I believe this does open up a Pandora's box. It leaves open the possibility of abortifacients, those chemicals that kill and destroy a newly formed human life, and will indeed be mandated if this legislation or this amendment becomes law.  So I hope that Members will vote ``no.'' It is certainly ambiguous; it does not define what the word ``contraceptive'' means, and while indeed a way has been found to get this offered today, there is not really a nickel's worth of difference between this and the other, except that it gained muster in terms of parliamentary procedure.  I urge Members to vote ``no.'' This mandates right now in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program contraception, however one may define it, is permissible. It is up to the individual HMOs, and many of them provide it, but it is not mandated. If I as an HMO want to provide, or a provider of services, these kinds of things, one can do it, but one is not told that they have to do it, and they do not risk losing everything else in the prescription area as a result of not being willing to provide these methods of birth control, which also will include abortifacients.  So I hope Members will vote ``no'' on the amendment.  