Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman for yielding this time to me, and I am very pleased to urge passage of H. Con. Res. 295, giving recognition and honor to the victims of the Soviet-engineered Ukraine famine of 1932-1933 by remembering this tragedy during its 65th anniversary.  The Ukrainian famine, Madam Speaker, is one of the most devastating tragic events of the 20th century, a stark reminder of man's inhumanity to man. The scope and depth of this tragedy has been documented in many books, including such seminal works as Robert Conquest's Harvest of Sorrow, and by the comprehensive report of theCommission on the Ukraine Famine created by Congress in the 1980s to study the famine. One only has to read some of the eyewitness accounts of survivors included in the famine commission report to appreciate the incalculable yet completely avoidable human suffering experienced at that time in the Ukraine.  The truth of the matter is, Madam Speaker, that the 1932-1933 famine engineered by Soviet Dictator Stalin could have been prevented. Its 7 million victims did not die from natural causes, but because of the policies designed to punish the Ukrainian people for their opposition to Soviet rule.  One of the findings of the 1988 Report to Congress of the Ukraine Famine Commission characterizes the famine with chilling succinctness, stating, and I quote:  ``Joseph Stalin and those around him committed genocide against Ukrainians in 1932 to 1933.''  The famine indeed constituted genocide, Madam Speaker, with Stalin using food as a political weapon to achieve his aim of suppressing any Ukrainian expression of political and cultural identity and self-assertion.  The Ukrainian famine is a glaring illustration of the brutality of a totalitarian, imperialistic regime in which respect for human rights is a mockery and the rule of law is a sham. This man-made famine would have been impossible in an independent, democratic country which respected human rights and the rule of law.  The Ukraine is slowly, Madam Speaker, if unevenly, overcoming the legacy of the brutal Soviet Communist rule as it moves to consolidate its democracy, its market economy and full respect for human rights; and it is fitting and proper, I would finally say, that this country, through its foreign aid, through its investments, support those who aspire to democracy in the Ukraine and also to try to alleviate at least some of the suffering those people are experiencing.  Madam Speaker, just let me say finally that we have had hearings in our subcommittee, we have had hearings in the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, which I chair. One of those hearings, one of the most telling and devastating that I have ever chaired, was to hear what the aftermath, the consequences, will be from the near meltdown at Chernobyl and the cancers that are proliferating, particularly among small and now growing children, adolescents, and into adulthood. It is like a time bomb for those people, and we need to do more to try to mitigate some of that suffering.  But the famine, as this resolution clearly points out, was man-made with this resolution we say, ``Never again.''  