Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to House Concurrent Resolution 227, directing the President to remove US Armed Forces from the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina within 60 days unless Congress enacts a declaration of war of specifically authorizes the use of Armed Forces in Bosnia. At the outset, let me state that I agree fully that Congress should play a role in critical foreign policy decision-making, especially when the utilization of our Armed Forces is under consideration. As a matter of record, let me clearly note that I also had serious questions regarding those U.S. policies toward Bosnia-Herzegovina which led to the Dayton Agreement and the subsequent deployment of U.S. troops there. This was an issue I followed closely from my position as the Chairman of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, and as Chairman of the International Relations Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights.  Though skeptical of the original context and mandate of the post Dayton deployment, Mr. Speaker, the United States has committed to help secure and ensure an environment for the effective implementation of the Dayton Agreement. As a matter of policy, I believe the continued presence of the troops remains a prerequisite for that objective, and now is not the time to raise any doubt about the United States' support for the mission. With respect to the well-intentioned resolution before the House today--introduced and defended by my good friends Congressman Campbell and Congressman Hyde--I must oppose the measure for the following reasons:  1. Whether we like it or not, Mr. Speaker, the troops are there. The possibility of their withdrawal by June of this year has hung like a think fog over Bosnia-Herzegovina, compounding the international community's tenuous resolve and halting progress as a result. The question of a post-SFOR renewal of fighting and even a division of Bosnia-Herzegovina has loomed large. The President's March 3rd notification of the U.S. intention to stay--this time without setting a date certain for their withdrawal--has made a stable peace much more likely. U.S. policy has become much more assertive, as the creation of a more stable and lasting peace is a prerequisite for departure of the forces. Persons indicted for war crimes are being captured and are even surrendering themselves. More displaced men, women and families have sought to return to their original homes. The Bosnian Serbs are beginning to envision a brighter future with political moderates instead of nationalists. Unfortunately, the pace of progress remains slow--too slow--but if the troops were withdrawn during this critical period or if doubt of our commitment to the Mission were interjected, I am convinced progress would cease.  2. Mr. Speaker, I am convinced that passage of this resolution at this time would, without a doubt, send the wrong signal. Despite the other objectives of the proponents of the measure, threatening withdrawal before the situation is stable would be seen by those on the ground as a sign of weakness. As made clear in the Helsinki Commission's hearing on the repression and violence in Kosovo conducted earlier today, the deadly assaults in Kosovo in recent weeks are a stark reminder of Slobodan Milosevic's inclination to violence and the volatility of the region.  3. Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, the resolution under consideration this afternoon is more than a statement on the need for congressional authorization for troop deployments abroad. I believe that is why the International Relations Committee last week ordered the resolution reported unfavorably. Advocates of the measure have indicated that they are really seeking to withdraw the troops from Bosnia. Mr. Speaker, if so, we need to seriously consider the consequences of a premature withdrawal. Regardless of the extent to which wehad reservations about Dayton or even opposed the Administration's decision to deploy in the first place, the reality is that the Congress would--as it should-- hold responsibility for the consequences of a premature withdrawal.  The United States, in my view, has a national interest at stake in Bosnia's future and the success of the Dayton Agreement. In Bosnia, a few political leaders who desire more political power seek to convince the world that division of the country is inevitable. If we let them succeed, there will be consequences in the region and there will be a definite impact on the viability of a NATO which is now successfully reshaping itself for the post-Cold War era. Finally, premature withdrawal of the forces in Bosnia whittles away even further the moral content of our foreign policy--the promotion of human rights and representative government.  In conclusion, the Clinton Administration--and the Bush Administration before--has made major blunders in responding to the aggression and genocide in Bosnia-Herzegovina. Unfortunately, I feel the passage of this resolution would only make the situation worse at a time when the possibility of a success is finally on the horizon.  