Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Buyer) for yielding and for his excellent work on this and other provisions in this important bill.  Mr. Chairman, the national debate on partial birth abortion has proven beyond any reasonable doubt that abortion is violence against children. Most Americans and I believe most Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle, Democrats, Republican, liberals, conservatives and moderates, were shocked and dismayed and frankly very saddened to learn that partial birth abortions were routine and commonplace and that it was completely legal to partially deliver a baby, shove a scissors into the back of that baby's head, and then hook up a hose to suction out that baby's brain. That is the reality of what choice is all about.  I think it is about time, Mr. Chairman, we connected the dots about the violence of abortion. The other methods are no less heinous. They kill children. They are no less violent. This is child abuse. And that collective denial that we as a country have engaged in for so many years needs to be put away.  Mr. Chairman, abortion methods dismember children. Razor blade tipped suction devices 20 to 30 times more powerful than the average household vacuum cleaner, after the child's arms and legs and torso and head has been decapitated, turn on the suction machine and the baby is literally turned into a bloody pulp. This is the uncensored reality of what choice is all about. Abortion methods also include injecting various deadly poisons, including high concentrated salt solutions.  I chair the Committee on International Operations on Human Rights, Mr. Chairman. I have had in excess of 70 hearings, many of them on torture in overseas prisons by dictatorships. And I can tell my colleagues, when I look at the badly burned, chemically burned bodies of unborn children whohave been killed with salioamniocentesis abortions, they are no different at all to those others who have been tortured because of their faith, or because of their beliefs in democracy or their human rights advocacy.  They have been killed. A high concentrated salt injection usually takes 2 hours for the baby to die. And we know that a child feels pain. And when that child is born dead, if we open up the fist that is usually tightly collapsed, we can see that all the scalding and corrosive effects of that salt fails to get on the palm because the child is in pain. That is the reality, Mr. Chairman, of this so-called choice rhetoric.  The Lowey amendment if enacted, Mr. Chairman, will turn DOD medical facilities into abortion mills where this kind of violence, including, as my good friend the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Buyer) pointed out earlier, where this kind of violence, including partial birth, would be sanctioned.  The Lowey amendment makes a false distinction based not on what happens to a baby in an abortion, in other words a violent death, but on who provides some of the cash. It also completely overlooks the costs that are borne by the taxpayers to facilitate that abortion, like the provision of operating rooms, the hiring of abortionists.  Thank God that when Mr. Clinton's executive order was in effect not a single overseas military doctor would engage in this violence against children. They have had to go out with Planned Parenthood's help and look and seek to find abortionists. Well, that takes taxpayers' dollars. The nominal fee that a woman might pay to procure that abortion would in no way cover that.  This amendment, Mr. Chairman, says in effect, it is okay to tear up an unborn child, to rip that child to pieces. Mr. Chairman, I have been in the pro-life movement for 26 years. I am amazed at how so many good and decent people sanitize the unthinkable. We did it on this floor when we talked about partial birth, Members that I deeply respect and work arm in arm on human rights with.  Let me conclude, Mr. Chairman, and let me say that good and decent people have defended the unthinkable, that which is not defensible, in terms of partial births in these other methods. And now we are being called upon to use overseas military facilities for abortion. It facilitates abortion.  One of our colleagues said earlier that we do not want to treat women as second-class citizens. Nobody does. But providing the means to kill their babies, we would welcome the unborn being treated as second-class citizens.  Unfortunately, this amendment and our zeitgeist, our law decreed by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1973, treats the unborn child as a throwaway, as garbage, as so much junk. And God did not make junk. And every child is precious regardless of race or color or gender. Every one of those kids should matter.  Medicine, Mr. Chairman, is all about caring and curing and mitigating diseases. Unless my colleagues think pregnancy is a disease to be vanquished, those kids should be nurtured. We should be talking about maternal health care, how do we beef that up. Prenatal care, that is what it is about, not simultaneously saying, if we do not want the child, the child could be injected with salt or dismembered.  Vote no on the Lowey amendment.  