Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding the time to me and commend him for his great work on this, and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf) as well.  Let us focus on exactly what kind of religious persecution this bill seeks to address. We are not talking about discrimination or harassment, although these are very bad things. This bill punishes only the worst of the worst: governments that engage in widespread, ongoing persecution that includes murder, torture and other particularly shocking forms of persecution. Let us look at what we mean by this.  To my left in the photograph is Palden Gyatso, a Tibetan Buddhist monk. Palden Gyatso testified at one of our subcommittee hearings and told us that the Chinese Government routinely uses electric shock guns, serrated and hooked knives, handcuffs and thumbcuffs treatment and other forms of torture. He showed us some of the torture implements that have been used against himself and other prisoners of conscience in Tibet. Other witnesses at the hearing included Harry Wu and Katherine Ho who corroborated the monk's testimony. Their witness to torture brought tears to my eyes.  On October 10, the second picture, a mob destroyed several Christian churches in Situbondo, Indonesia. At the time, some official sources maintained that this might not be religious persecution, that the churches just might have been random targets. But the slogans that were painted on the church by the people who burned it (the translation is ``Jesus Excrement''--and they used a word far worse than that--``Mother Mary Communist'') leave no room for doubt.  The third picture, this was a church in which an elderly minister, his wife and two children and a young woman who worked at the church were burned to death. The next picture shows their charred bodies burned almost beyond recognition.  At the funeral of their five victims, the caskets had to be closed because the persecutors had done their work so well.  This next picture, Mr. Chairman, is the last view of Reverend Noor Alam, a Christian clergyman who was murdered in front of his family in Pakistan by a mob who first brought down the walls of his under-construction church building on December 6, 1997, and later killed him by lynching. Lynching has become increasingly common in Pakistan in recent years, as have convictions of Christians and other religious dissenters for blasphemy. The most recent tragedy to result from this spiral of violence was the death of Catholic Bishop John Joseph, who took his own life in public protest after a member of his diocese was sentenced to death for blasphemy. At Bishop Joseph's funeral, the mourners chanted, ``End persecution of Christians.'' The police fired tear gas and bullets that wounded three people, including a young girl.  Picture No. 6 on my left, this picture is of a Sudanese Christian boy in a refugee camp in Kenya. A member of a congressional staff delegation, led by my staff director, Joseph Rees, asked him why he was afraid to return to Sudan. He said, ``Because I want to see.'' If Members look closely, his eye has been plucked out. The staff member asked who tortured him. He said they did it because of his religious beliefs.  Mr. Chairman, let me speak briefly to two objections raised by the administration in their talking points against the bill. First, they say that by protecting victims of religious persecution in a bill that does not address other human rights violations, we are establishing a so-called hierarchy of human rights. This is a bogus argument and unworthy of those who employ it. The argument clearly ignores some very basic facts about the legislative process. Not every bill can address every subject. By addressing one urgent problem in this bill, we are not denying the existence of other urgent problems that should be addressed by other legislation or by other means.  Under the administration's argument, it would have been wrong to enact the Jackson-Vanik amendment which protected freedom of immigration and had the laudatory consequence of protecting Soviet Jews and others who had been denied right to emigrate. We risked superpower confrontation with the Soviet Union because we believed Soviet Jews mattered and we would never again turn our back on persecuted Jews?  Not even the anti-apartheid sanctions against South Africa in the 1980s, which I supported and voted for would pass the test proposed by the State Department's talking points, because those sanctions were designed to help victims of racial discrimination and racial persecution but did not address freedom of religion or other important human rights. Frankly, if we stuck to the administration's talking points, no important human rights legislation would ever pass because no bill, no matter how good, can do everything.  Next, the administration suggests that it is wrong for Congress to enact what they call ``automatic sanctions''--sometimes they call them ``one size fits all'' sanctions--even against the most brutal governments. But we have to wonder whether whoever wrote those talking points had actually read the bill. The sanctions are not automatic. They will not go into effect if the President waives them, and he can waive them for either national security reasons or because he believes that the waiver will serve the objective of promoting religious freedom.  Let me just remind my colleagues, this is a very generous waiver. The only way we could go further would be to give the President the freedom to do absolutely nothing at all in the face of severe, widespread and ongoing human rights violations and persecution. In evaluating legislation that deals with persecution of any kind, we must always remember that tyrants understand strength. They also understand weakness. Of all the millions of people who are victimized by tyrants aroundthe world, many are in trouble because they share our values. This bill is designed to help our brothers and sisters around the world who have faith and suffer because of it.  Wei Jingsheng, who also testified before our subcommittee, a great leader of human rights who spent his life in the gulag because of it, said: ``If I did not see it myself, even I could not imagine the shameful and despicable means the Communists use against religious believers.''  Religious persecution is on the rise. This bill puts us on a track of saying we will no longer look the other way. We will stand up for those brethren who are suffering.  