Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman.  Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on H.R. 1757, the Foreign Relations Authorization Act (FY 1998-99).  I would like to call attention to several important features of the bill:  First, this legislation is not a foreign aid bill. It contains several important restrictions on foreign aid, but authorizes no appropriations for these purposes--except for a $38 million package of humanitarian assistance to the anti-Saddam Hussein pro-democracy movement in Iraq.  This bill contains a compromise version of the pro-life ``Mexico City Policy'', cutting off funds to foreign organizations that perform or promote abortion. It enacts this policy as permanent law--not just for this year but forever. The compromise would allow the President to waive the prohibition on assistance to abortion providers--but not promoters--in exchange for a reduction in total population assistance.  This bill also conditions funding to the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) on an end to UNFPA activities in co-operation with the coercive population control program of the government of China, or on an end to forced abortions in that program.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1757 contains a U.N. reform and arrearages package which, unlike some other proposals, is not a blank check to the U.N. The U.N. arrearage money is delivered in three ``tranches''; each payment is contingent on U.S. implementation of specific reforms, including reduction of U.S. dues from 25% to 22%, reduction of U.S. peacekeeping assessments from 31% to 25%, and an end to UN ``global conferences'' after 1999.  The bill reduces the number of federal agencies by two. It merges the Arms Control Agency and the US Information Agency into the State Department, to achieve savings through efficiency and resource-sharing. But its structures this merger carefully, to preserve the integrity of the arms control process and especially of the pro-freedom and pro-democracy functions of USIA's ``public diplomacy'' programs.  This legislation enhances Radio Free Asia to provide 24-hour pro-freedom broadcasting to China. It also contains provisions designed to force ``deadbeat diplomats'' at the U.N. to pay U.S. child support judgments, and to ensure that diplomats who commit crimes in the United States will be prosecuted for these crimes.  It reforms State Department personnel law to restore the Secretary's power to fire convicted felons from the Foreign Service, and to eliminate duplicative pension and salary provisions that allow ``double-dipping'' at taxpayer expense.  It contains provisions that will ensure vigorous enforcement of the Helms-Burton law, which is designed to bring freedom and democracy to the Cuban people.  It sets aside $100 million of the State Department's budget for implementation of the Congressional directive and that U.S. embassy in Israel be moved to Jerusalem.  It incorporates the ``McBride Principles'', designed to end employment discrimination against Catholics In Northern Ireland, as a condition of U.S. foreign aid.  H.R. 1757 also includes a number of important provisions relating to human rights and refugees from Tibet, Burma, Viet Nam, Cuba, Africa, and elsewhere. These provisions have been endorsed by organizations including the U.S. Catholic Conference, the Council of Jewish Federations, the Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, and the U.S. Committee for Refugees.  Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the rule and on the conference report.  