Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) for his kind words and for his work on this important legislation. I also thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Luther) and a number of other sponsors, including the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), the ranking member of our Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights; the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen); the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders); the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Canady); the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Kennedy); the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf); the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kucinich); the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart); the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) who already spoke; the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Souder); the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fox); the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Pitts), and others who helped shape this legislation and worked so hard to bring it to the floor today.  Mr. Speaker, international child labor is a cancer on our global economy that defies an easy cure. In the words of the International Labor Organization, and I quote, ``Few human rights abuses are so unanimously condemned while being so widely practiced as child labor.''  Today somewhere between 200 and 250 million children under the age of 14 are being robbed of their youth for the profit of others. Many work in hazardous industries such as mining, explosives, manufacturing, and even deep-sea fishing. Others are forced into prostitution and other forms of sexual exploitation.  The sheer magnitude of these statistics, 250 million kids, a staggering number of kids, can blind us to the human misery that they represent. Those of us who are parents should imagine our own kids in those kinds of circumstances. Only then, I think, do we begin to get a taste of the hopelessness caused by this exploitation.  While the problem is heartbreaking and immense, there are new reasons for hope. Global public awareness of this problem is greater than it has ever been. My subcommittee has held three exhaustive hearings on the issue of child labor, and it involved representatives of the administration, nongovernmental organization witnesses, labor and manufacturing representatives, concerned celebrities such as Kathie Lee Gifford, who I think offered some very useful insight to our committee, and child victims themselves. Those who had actually been exploited came before the committee and stood there and told us how they were abused.  This year, the International Labor Conference issued proposed new labor standards on what they call extreme forms of child labor, which is expected to be adopted next June. Tonight it is increasingly important that we seize this momentum.  Experts believe that the current international financial difficulties that we see every day, just open up the paper about what is going on over the world, may only worsen the problem unless we take some real action.  One of the most promising weapons in the fight against child labor is the International Program on the Elimination of Child Labor, or IPEC, of the International Labor Organization. IPEC works within countries to help develop and execute practical solutions to child labor abuse. IPEC works only in countries whose governments have officially committed themselves to developing national child labor policies in cooperation with employers, workers, NGOs and other relevant parties.  Over the past 3 years, the United States' modest, and I mean this, it is really modest, contributions to IPEC has been on the order of $1 million to $3 million. Yet even that minuscule amount of money has resulted in discernible improvements. Remember, this bill will authorize $90 million over 3 years for these kinds of programs. We are talking about 1 to 3 million, and we even see some success there.  One U.S.-funded project in Bangladesh removed 10,000 children from garment factories and placed them in schools. Another program in Pakistan will remove 7,000 kids from the soccer ball industry. My kids play soccer andhave played it all their lives and are on travel teams. It causes me great concern, as it does all of us, that every soccer ball that we pick up comes from Pakistan, made by some kid. That is horrible and has to change. This modest program has begun to change that.  This program provides a social safety net for children and creates a local monitoring mechanism to ensure that they do not return to factory work. By stressing in-country program ownership and requiring local industries to share the costs, IPEC plans for those efforts to become self-sufficient. The old adage, give somebody a fish and they can eat; teach them to fish, and they can eat for a lifetime. We try to help, they try to help the countries to really become self-sufficient.  Let me remind my colleagues that when they are working at these sweatshops, these kids are not going to school. So their prospects for the future are greatly inhibited and retarded as a direct result of the exploitation, and the prospects of breaking out of that become very limited indeed.  Mr. Speaker, our country should be the global standard bearer for human rights. On some things we are, and many other aspects we fall far short. But at least we should be always striving for human rights and human decency. We are blessed, clearly, with unparalleled prosperity. However, to date our IPEC contributions total only about $8 million. That is the aggregate, as compared to $65 million pledged by Germany and $12.5 million by Spain. We must, I would submit, and we can, and with this legislation we will, do better.  Notwithstanding international acclaim for its program, IPEC has not had enough funding, and we have asked them and they have documented that they are far short of the funding needed to meet all the requests or even most of the requests that they have received from countries seeking help.  This bill seeks $30 million, as I said, each year over 3 years, $90 million total over the next fiscal years. These are some of the things that they have identified: The International Program on the Elimination of Child Labor has identified the need for approximately 10 sectoral programs in dangerous industries where child labor is prevalent, such as mining, fireworks, agriculture, and brick making. Those programs would require a minimum of $2 million for each sectoral program in each participating country.  Based on the success of the U.S.-funded projects in Pakistan in the sporting goods industry, IPEC would like to begin projects in other exporting countries with strong links to the U.S. market. They would like to address the surgical instrument industry in Pakistan, the sporting goods industry in India, and other similar projects. As a matter of fact, they gave us a list at our request of what their hopes would be. Looking through it, they are working, preparatory as they call it, in preparatory countries; nine African countries, five Arab states, four in Asia, one in Central Europe and Eastern Europe, and four in Latin America. That is what this money helps to do, to push the envelope to get into those countries and hopefully help to mitigate the suffering of those kids.  Let me conclude by saying in addition to the more than 30 countries currently participating in IPEC, the total of what I just mentioned, 23 additional countries are seeking IPEC assistance. I would hope that we would get an overwhelming support for this legislation. It is bipartisan, and, as I mentioned earlier, my good friend the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) is the principal cosponsor of this legislation and has worked with us in the hearings. We stand arm in arm, Democrat and Republican, trying to advance the cause for these kids who are suffering and for their families.  Mr. Speaker, I do hope the body will adopt this legislation.  