Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong support for Title XVI of H.R. 1757, ``The European Security Act,'' particularly those sections relating to NATO enlargement. The language contained in this section is designed first and foremost to preserve the effectiveness and flexibility of NATO as a defensive alliance. For nearly five decades, the North Atlantic Alliance has served and advanced the interests of the United States in Europe by preserving peace, promoting economic prosperity, and advancing our shared principles of democracy, individual liberty, and the rule of law. As a long-standing advocate of NATO enlargement, and Co-Chairman of the Helsinki Commission, I have consistently emphasized the importance of Helsinki principles, including human rights, in the expansion process.  Today's consideration of the European Security Act language comes at a critical time, Mr. Speaker, as the United States Senate will soon vote on ratification of the necessary instruments for the admission of Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic as full members of NATO. Despite the fact that the NATO leaders committed themselves to a robust `open door' policy concerning further accession, some seem determined to slam the door shut to other candidates. Instead of spurning those countries aspiring to future NATO membership, we should embrace those states that have demonstrated--in word and in deed--their commitment to the shared values enshrined in the North Atlantic Treaty.  The language designates Romania, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and Bulgaria as eligible to receive assistance under the NATO Participation Act of 1994. Each of these countries has made important strides in political and economic reforms. With respect to the Baltic States, it is worth noting the Charter of Partnership, signed in Washington on January 16, 1998, acknowledges the fact that the United States has a ``real, profound and enduring interest in the independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity, and security of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania.'' In this historic document, the U.S. welcomes the aspirations and supports efforts of the Baltic States to join NATO, reiterating that enlargement of NATO is an on-going process. Mr. Speaker, European Security Act provisions will advance U.S. interests by supporting the efforts of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania to provide for their legitimate defense needs, including the development of appropriate and interoperable military forces.  It would be an injustice of historic proportions, Mr. Speaker, if we did not take advantage of the unique opportunity we have today to embrace those countries of Central and Eastern Europe demonstrably committed to democracy, human rights and the rule of law. Having persevered for 50 years and overcome the odds by regaining their independence, the Baltic countries deserve to be fully integrated into the West, including NATO, without further delay.  Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Chairman Gilman's willingness to incorporate several of my suggestions into the text of Title XVI. The first concern stems from the fact that Russia has not agreed to the demarcation of its international borders with several neighboring countries, including Estonia and Latvia. In addition, while a Framework Treaty has been concluded between Russia and Ukraine and signed by Presidents Kuchma and Yeltsin, the Russia's State Duma has yet to ratify this key accord which would among other things demarcate the Ukrainian-Russian border, including in the Sea of Azov. Moscow has purposefully dragged its feet on this important issue with the aim of intimidating a number of the countries concerned and erecting a potential obstacle to those aspiring to NATO membership.  The second issue concerns the deployment of Russian forces on the territory of other states. The language I introduced calls for the immediate and complete withdrawal of any armed forces and military equipment under the control of Russia that are deployed on the territories of the independent states of the former Soviet Union without the full and complete agreement of those states.  Today, there are thousands of Russian troops deployed in and around the Ukrainian port of Sevastopol. Meanwhile, an estimated 3,010 Russian troops continue to be stationed in Moldova along with a considerable supply of military equipment and munitions which could prove particularly destabilizing in the Trans-Dniester region.  Finally, the Title XVI calls for a commitment by the Russians to take steps to reduce nuclear and conventional forces in Kaliningrad, where Moscow has amassed a considerable arsenal that poses a potential threat to the Baltic States and Poland.  Mr. Speaker, progress in resolving these outstanding security concerns would go a long way to advance peace and stability throughout Europe, a region of critical importance to the security, economic, and political interests of the United States. I am pleased that the language of the European Security Act is included in the bill. We have an obligation to maintain the effectiveness and flexibility of NATO as a defensive alliance open to the inclusion of new members committed to the shared principles of democracy, individual liberty, and the rule of law, and able and willing to assume the responsibilities and obligations of membership.  