Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me.  Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me say that I am very proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 2431, the Freedom From Religious Persecution Act. The Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights, of which I am privileged to serve as chairman, has held extensive hearings on the subject of religious persecution, including hearings on the rising tide of persecution of Christians, and the rising tide of worldwide anti-semitism. We have heard riveting and revolting first-person account testimony of the torture of Tibetan Buddhist monks and nuns, of atrocities against Muslims in Bosnia and East Turkistan, and of Baha'i in Iran.  The time has come, Mr. Speaker, not just to talk about the problem of religious persecution--talk is often cheap--but to do something about it. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf), a hero of the human rights movement, has clearly shown us the way.  During the course of the legislative process, the gentleman from Virginia worked closely with a broad coalition of evangelical Christians, Jewish organizations, the United States Catholic Conference, and the International Campaign for Tibet, in order to improve the bill. It has truly been, I say to my colleagues, a work in progress. We worked very hard to incorporate meaningful reforms and language that were suggested by the administration. As a matter of fact, I offered the amendments during markup in full committee that makes it very clear that it is the Secretary of State and not the director who makes the final call. That was a recommendation that came from the White House, and I think the bottom line is that it probably improves the bill.  We also made it very clear--and I offer this as well, because there was some ambiguity, although never at all is the intent of the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf)--that this bill applies to everyone, Christians, Jews, Muslims, Hindus, religious believers of every and any faith, and I think it is important that that be underscored this morning.  Let me repeat, we not only focused on persecuted Christians, but also on persecuted Muslims. For example, the bill contains a specific finding suggested by the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) with respect to the Uighur, an overwhelmingly Muslim ethnic group in the formerly independent Republic of East Turkistan, who are now severely persecuted by the Communist Government of China.  The bill also makes crystal-clear that in affording heightened protection for members of religious communities whose situation is particularly compelling, the Freedom From Religious Persecution Act will not sacrifice any of the protections currently afforded to victims of other forms of persecution, whether it be on religious grounds or for any other reason. There is no hierarchy of human rights. That is an absolutely bogus contention. Every time we pass a human rights bill, we are saying we want to focus on that, we want to advance the bill to protect a persecuted or somehow disadvantaged group of individuals around the world.  I truly believe that we finely tuned and carefully calibrated the sanctions in this bill, and I would remind Members and ask them to read the bill. Weare not talking about discrimination, as bad as that is; we are talking about persecution. We are talking about people who have severely suffered for their faith.  We also have a waiver. The waiver states, and there are two waivers, that if the national security interests of the United States justify a waiver, the President has that option, or if such a waiver will substantially promote the purposes of this act, so there are two good waivers contained in this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I do ask Members to support the rule, and I hope they will support the underlying bill when it comes up on the floor.  