Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, in 1995 I traveled to Beijing, where I cochaired the Congressional delegation, along with my good friend and colleague the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella) to the Fourth World Conference on Women.  I had many reactions to the conference, but one of the most vivid impressions was how difficult it was to get straight answers to some of the most basic questions, such as who was running the conference and who was paying for it. One of the very hardest things to find out was the exact cost to the American taxpayer.  At the time of the Beijing conference itself, we knew only that the State Department's total annual budget for international conferences that year was $6 million, and most of the amount was budgeted for smaller and less extravagant international meetings. So our participation in Beijing should have cost perhaps $1 million, certainly no more.  Yet the facts on the ground were very different. It took five months and a GAO report to Congress to learn the true extent of U.S. costs on the Beijing conference. It turned out to be $5.9 million, spread out among the budgets of 13 different Federal agencies and the White House. The State Department's reported expenditures were just under $1 million, but they comprised only about one-sixth of the total cost to the U.S. taxpayer.  Mr. Speaker, the bill we are considering today would ensure that Congress and the taxpayers have complete and accurate information on what it costs to send Federal officials and employees overseas to international conferences, no matter what the subject is. The bill is similar to an amendment introduced by Senator John Ashcroft which was ultimately included in H.R. 1757, the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act.  The bill takes a moderate balanced approach to the problem. It imposes no unreasonable reporting requirements on the administration. In fact, the bill reflects many of the administration's own suggestions for improving the provision during the conference on H.R. 1757. For instance, the bill requires no reports on travel to international conferences by the President, the Vice President or Federal officials or employees carrying out intelligence-related activities or performing protective junctions or engaged in sensitive diplomatic missions.  Other Federal officials and employees attending international conferences, and they comprise the vast majority, would be required to report their expenses, the duration of the travel and the name of the authorizing official. The reports will be submitted to the State Department's Office of International Conferences, and the department will file a report to the Congress every six months. So this legislation would help the State Department, as well as Congress and the American people, get a handle on who the various Federal agencies are sending to international conferences.  Mr. Speaker, U.S. participation in international conferences in many cases is useful and necessary, but it should not take a GAO report to Congress to find out who we are sending and how much it costs.  I think Senator Ashcroft should be thanked for this very important initiative, and I also want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman), the chairman of the full Committee on International Relations, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Hamilton), the ranking member of the full committee, Senator Helms, Senator Gramm and Senator Biden and others for their contributions and their staffs as this wasbeing shaped during the conference on H.R. 1757.  This a good resolution. Hopefully it will have the full support of the body.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  