Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank my friend, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Menendez), for his kind remarks. We are in solidarity on this. I think this is again one of those issues that unites this Chamber.  Let me just close by noting that House Concurrent Resolution 152 puts Congress on record as supporting not just the peace process, which we all want hostilities to end, but also to put human rights at the core, at the center of those negotiations. It is timely and needed and will help ensure that human rights concerns are in no way overlooked when the final document is produced.  Mr. Speaker, the history of the ``Troubles'' of Northern Ireland are marked by violent crimes of parliamentary groups and at times by agents of the British government. The failure of the British government to protect the human rights of its citizens, especially Catholics in the north of Ireland, have helped to fuel the violence.  Notwithstanding the abuses perpetrated by partisan paramilitary forces or by the police, for that matter, we must remember that the essential responsibility for protecting rights and maintaining the rule of law belongs to the government which, in this case, at this particular time, is the British government.  When governments resort to methods that are illegal, unjust or inhumane, even when these methods are seemingly directed against the guilty or the dangerous, the effect is not to preserve law and order, but to seriously undermine it. It is particularly saddening that the British government, America's trusted ally, is the object of serious and credible charges of disrespect for the rule of law in the north of Ireland.  All of the major human rights organizations, from Amnesty International to the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights and Human Rights Watch, have been particularly critical of pervasive restrictions on the due process of law in Northern Ireland; and they have testified that law enforcement officials of the UK, members of the Royal Ulster Constabulary, tolerate and even perpetrate some of the gross abuses that have taken place in the north of Ireland.  Under so-called emergency legislation applicable only in Northern Ireland, police have expansive powers to arrest and detain suspects and to search premises without a warrant. In addition, the government can suspend the right to trial by jury, the much-maligned Diploic Courts Systems, and the universally recognized right to be preserved from self-incrimination in like manner has been abridged.  It seems to me that the power to arbitrarily arrest, detain, intimidate, the power to deny timely and appropriate legal counsel, and the power to compel self-incrimination is an abuse of power normally associated with some of our adversaries, not our allies.  Thus, the resolution is a wake-up call to our friends. Friends do not let friends abuse human rights.  Witness after witness, Mr. Speaker, who came into our two hearings expressed a fear that as the political issues are addressed, universal human rights such as the right to silence, theright to jury trial, the right to attorneys, the right to work free of discrimination will be neglected.  House Concurrent Resolution 152 puts on notice those who are negotiating and says, in a very friendly way but in a very firm way, that the U.S. Congress believes that there must be reform on human rights issues if genuine peace is to be achieved. It also points out that there are many human rights reforms that could be enacted today without waiting for a final peace negotiation.  Among the immediate changes are those proposed by Britain's own standing advisory committee or commission, I should say, on human rights, SACHR, to eliminate religious discrimination against Catholics in the workplace. Other reforms suggested by human rights groups, such as repealing the emergency legislation, conducting independent inquiries into the deaths of Pat Finucane, Robert Hamill and other human rights abuses, and banning plastic bullets, are all doable. If enacted immediately, these changes could help pave the way for further reconciliation, further confidence-building and, hopefully, for a lasting and sustainable peace.  Mr. Speaker, House Concurrent Resolution 152 has been reviewed and has been endorsed by all of the major human rights organizations. It does put us on record as standing four-square.  Let me just say one final point, Mr. Speaker. In the upcoming weeks we hope to have an additional hearing in our subcommittee that would deal with an issue of very grave concern. That is the issue of defense attorneys in the north of Ireland. We have found, much to my shock and dismay, an ongoing intimidation campaign against those who would defend those who have been accused of wrongdoing in Northern Ireland.  It seems to me that defense attorneys are not unlike those that we stood up for time and time again during the heydays of the Cold War, the Helsinki monitors, people who have stood up and said that due process must be protected. I may not like my client, I may not like what you say they are alleged to have done, but you are not going to intimidate the attorney that is there to defend them, because that would be a breach of due process and of basic human rights.  We are going to be looking at that in the coming weeks in the subcommittee, and hopefully by then this process will be that much further along, and this resolution that is under consideration in Belfast will have a happy conclusion.  I urge Members to support this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  