Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, the United States' and the world's response to the Tiananmen Square massacre 30 years ago and the massive crackdown that was unleashed after that, because of that weak response, has enabled unrelenting and pervasive human rights abuses ever since.  Had we been strong and predictable and said that human rights matter, had we linked it to MFN, most-favored-nation status, and stuck to it, we would have had a different China today that, at least more than it does today, would have respected the rule of law and human rights.  We cannot recommit that mistake by being weak and vacillating in the face of this terrible, terrible attack on the people of Hong Kong and on their autonomy.  Remember, what we are asking Xi Jinping, Carrie Lam, and all the other leaders in Hong Kong and in Beijing to do is just honor your promises; you made solemn promises that you are violating now with impunity.  We have to be very clear that if we enable that, if we look the other way, then we become unwittingly, perhaps, but complicit in this terrible degrading of the human rights situation for the people of Hong Kong.  Mr. Speaker, I want to remind my colleagues as well, and I think we all know this, but this bill is the work of so many who deeply care, many Members across the aisle, bipartisanship at a time when that seems to be pretty much a rare commodity, but when it comes to Hong Kong, we are all there joined together arm-in-arm speaking out on behalf of these tremendous leaders who suffer and go to prison and endure tear gas and worse each and every day.  I want to mention some of the staff members, and there are many. When we had the bill up on the 15th, I mentioned even more. But these members were instrumental in working on the legislation over the past 5 years. Remember, this is the fourth time I introduced it, and I have worked with Marco Rubio and others. This is a bicameral and bipartisan bill.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank former staff directors of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, Paul Protic and Elise Anderson, for their important work on Hong Kong and China. I want to thank Piero Tozzi of my staff for his focus on human rights in China and around the world. I particularly want to mention the contribution made to this legislation by Scott Flipse of the CECC, the Congressional-Executive Commission on China.  In 2014, Dr. Flipse first convinced me. We had met, and he said that we have a problem in Hong Kong and that we need to address it. I was co-chair of the China Commission. Then we had meetings with Chinese leaders and Hong Kong leaders. We began to see that what was taking place in somewhat slow motion before our eyes was that there was a long-term Beijing plan to undermine Hong Kong's autonomy and that the U.S. needed to focus its efforts on countering that plan. He has been a stalwart advocate for the people of Hong Kong ever since, and I, again, want to thank him for his critical contributions to this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  