Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman very much for his amendment and for yielding.  Mr. Chair, in 2009, Nurse Cathy DeCarlo was ordered at Mt. Sinai Hospital in New York, to assist in the abortion of a 22-week-old unborn child.  Under threat of being fired, she said the hospital ordered her to assist in the ``bloody dismemberment of a baby,'' her words, ``and accounting for the body parts afterward,'' which must be done during these abortions.  She said this coercion caused her intense emotional pain and she has had ``nightmares about babies crying in the dark . . .'' ever since.  She appealed to the HHS Office for Civil Rights, but her pleas to enforce her civil rights fell on deaf ears.  No one, Mr. Chair, should ever be pressured or threatened or coerced to perform or facilitate in the killing of a baby.  Abortion is not healthcare.  HHS recently promulgated an essential new regulation to enforce 25 congressionally-enacted conscience laws and provisions to protect individuals, healthcare entities, and providers from discrimination.  H.R. 2740 stops this regulation by not allowing funds to be used to implement it.  Let me point out that HHS points out that the rule will robustly enforce investigations, supervising compliance, making enforcement referrals when necessary to Justice, and remediatethe effects of discrimination in coordination with other funding components in HHS, which may include withholding Federal funds as appropriate.  We need to be serious about conscience rights.  We cannot coerce and tell someone like Cathy DeCarlo or nurses in my State of New Jersey who are told, under condition of losing their jobs, they had to assist in abortions.  Abortion takes the life of a baby. It includes dismemberment and chemical poisoning.  And just think about this: my friends on the other side of the aisle just simply refuse to acknowledge that there is a baby. And that baby deserves respect and protection.  Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote for the Cole amendment.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time is remaining?  The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 2\1/2\ minutes remaining.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee), a member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies.  