Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.  There is nothing random about this decision; and I do find the gentleman's argument interesting. I suppose Congress should just sort of shut down and say, Pentagon, whatever you want, you have got. We are not going to say anything about it.  I really disagree with that aspect of the gentleman's argument; that because the Pentagon has decided to deploy this weapon, Congress should have no say in it.  We are not doing this randomly. We are not doing this arbitrarily. This is actually a debate that has gone on for a number of years as to whether or not to deploy this weapon. I will grant you there are arguments on both sides of it, but the notion that we are like, on a whim, making this decision is ridiculous.  As I said, there are many former national security experts, including former Secretary of State George Shultz, who thinks that this weapon will destabilize and make us less safe.  And let's remember, we have had a nuclear deterrent for almost 75 years now. And for all of those 75 years, we have not put a low-yield nuclear weapon on one of our submarines. We haven't done it. We have had a very strong deterrent.  What I would say to Mr. Putin is, No, we are not going to deploy every single weapon system that we have ever thought of because that wouldn't be very smart. But we have thousands of nuclear weapons. And as Mr. Moulton said quite clearly, we need to make it clear, we will have an overwhelming response to any use of nuclear weapons. That is what will deter them. That is what will stop a nuclear war from starting.  When we start to have that situation where it goes back and forth, and we say, Well, we can have a manageable nuclear war, that is the danger that leads people to oppose this weapon. I urge opposition to the amendment.  I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Turner).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it.  