Mr. Speaker, it is my understanding that there are no further speakers other than the chairman, and I would like to close.  Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  As I mentioned earlier, the Encyclopedia of the Armenian Genocide states:       During the march many Armenians were killed      indiscriminately by the Ottoman forces, which left a trail of      corpses along the route of the march. To break the will of      the marchers, they used swords, resulting in great bloodshed.      Marchers who survived these attacks faced starvation, as no      provisions whatsoever were made. Many elderly     and infirm marchers died in this way during the march. This      significantly reduced numbers of marchers who, upon finally      making it into the Syrian desert, were put into concentration      camps and then released into the scorching desert with no      food or water and to a certain death.  Mr. Speaker, despite having ratified the Genocide Convention back in 1950, the Turkish Government has waged an amazingly deceitful campaign of denial and has done so over the course of decades using a variety of means to bully, intimidate, and punish Turkish citizens who dare to acknowledge the genocide committed by the Ottoman Empire beginning in 1915.  Ankara also seeks to intimidate nations. Many nations have refused to be intimidated and to be bullied: Poland, Germany, the Holy See, Italy, Russia, France, Holland, Portugal, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Paraguay, Bolivia, Brazil, Austria, Bulgaria, the European Parliament, Luxembourg, Sweden, Chile, Argentina, Lithuania, Venezuela, Slovakia, Canada, Uruguay, Switzerland, Lebanon, Belgium, Greece, and Cyprus all have come out strongly and acknowledged the Armenian genocide. We need to do the same today.  Over the years, several U.S. Presidents have acknowledged the cruelty and the carnage. But it was Ronald Reagan who called it an Armenian genocide. He said: ``Like the genocide of the Armenians before it, and the genocide of the Cambodians, which followed it--and like too many other persecutions of too many other people--the lessons of the Holocaust must never be forgotten.''  To be sure, Presidents Carter, Bush, Clinton, and Bush, said strong words. They had strong words to describe it. President Bush called it the ``forced exile and the annihilation'' of 1.5 million Armenians.  President Obama had promised to recognize the genocide but didn't. A Los Angeles Times story on April 21, 2015, says it all: ``Armenian hopes crushed as Obama decides not to use the word `genocide'.''  It does matter, Mr. Speaker. Genocide is a very precise term. It has real meaning in international law because of the Genocide Convention, and all Presidents and Members of Congress, I hope, will stand up and say that word.  Let me remind my colleagues, because it is referenced again in the resolution, that back in 1984 we passed a joint resolution to designate April 24, 1985--it didn't pass in the Senate, but it did pass here--and it said in part that April 24, 1985, is designated as ``National Day of Remembrance of Man's Inhumanity to Man'' and authorized the President to observe the day of remembrance for all the victims of genocide, and especially for the 1.5 million people of Armenian ancestry who were the victims of genocide perpetrated in Turkey between 1915 and 1923.  So I say to my colleagues who are watching, we have gone on record before. Let's not be intimidated by Turkey, Erdogan, and others.  I would like to say a special thanks to the tenacious leaders of the Armenian National Committee of America, the Armenian Assembly and the Armenian diaspora for persistently encouraging Congress to step up and pass this kind of resolution. After a century of denial, obfuscation, and lies by Turkey, it is time to affirm and reiterate the truth of the Armenian genocide and honor the victims, the survivors, and their families.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  