Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Dr. Burgess.  Mr. Speaker, the Autism CARES Act of 2019, I say to my colleagues, is a comprehensive reauthorization and strengthening of America's whole-of-government autism spectrum disorder initiative.  As the prime author of the bill, let me extend very special thanks to cosponsor Mike Doyle from Pennsylvania for his extraordinary leadership, his partnership, and his friendship over these many years; to Health Subcommittee Chairwoman Anna Eshoo for expertly shepherding this bill through her subcommittee with Ranking Member Dr. Burgess; and my deepgratitude to the full committee Chair Frank Pallone and Ranking Member Greg Walden.  Mr. Speaker, I also thank staff, including Kelsey Griswold, Kate Werley, Rachel Fybel, Dr. Kristen Shatynski, and Stephen Holland, for their tremendous help and assistance on this legislation.  Frankly, we couldn't have done this without so many autism advocates, including and especially Stuart Spielman of Autism Speaks and Scott Badesch of the Autism Society.  Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legislation powerfully supports and pursues durable remedies and effective interventions for the approximately 1.5 million children with ASD. That is an estimated 1 in 59 children in the U.S. In my home State of New Jersey, that is 1 in 34. We do have the highest rate, according to the CDC.  This bill also helps adults with autism who were and are today often misdiagnosed, underdiagnosed, and overlooked. Language throughout the bill emphasizes that causes, diagnosis, detection, prevention, and treatment of autism spectrum disorder must be throughout the lifespan of that person.  According to Drexel University's autism center--and this is a very important number--in our last bill that the gentleman, Mike Doyle, and I did just 5 years ago, it pointed out that the number of young people who become adults is increasing every year. Now, it is about 50,000 to 60,000 children who age out every year, creating challenges for education, housing, employment, and access to healthcare.  This legislation also assists parents, families, and caregivers who deeply love and cherish their children and want the brightest future for them. In addition to its groundbreaking prevalence studies and crafting a whole myriad of intervention work, CDC's ``Learn the Signs. Act Early.'' program is just one more amazing tool for parents.  At its core, the bill authorizes a little over $1.8 billion over 5 years for NIH, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and HRSA.  Looking back, Mr. Speaker, it was two dedicated parents from New Jersey who helped launch the comprehensive Federal policy we are now reauthorizing. In September 1997, Bobbi and Billy Gallagher of Brick, New Jersey, my constituents, parents of two constituent autistic children, walked into my Ocean County office looking for help.  They believed that Brick had a disproportionate number of students with autism and wanted action, especially for their son Austin and daughter Alana.  I invited the CDC, the ATSDR, and other Federal agencies to Brick for an investigation, only to learn when they did the study that prevalence rates were high in other communities as well.  Believing we had a serious spike in prevalence everywhere, I introduced the ASSURE Act, cosponsored by 199 Members, which was incorporated as title I of the Children's Health Act of 2000.  Progress, Mr. Speaker, has been made over the many years, particularly in the area of looking at risk factors, but also the overwhelming importance of early intervention.  Mr. Speaker, as my colleagues have pointed out, this legislation reauthorizes and expands the interagency coordinating committee, or IACC, managed so effectively and professionally by Dr. Susan Daniels, the director of the Office of Autism Research Coordination.  Speaking to this, the Director of the National Institute of Mental Health, Dr. Joshua Gordon, said yesterday:       The National Institutes of Health is proud to work hand-in-     hand with the Interagency Autism Coordinating Committee to      ensure the coordination of research efforts focusing on      critical topics related to autism, such as developing early      detection and screening tools, understanding the genetic and      biological underpinnings of autism, and developing and      testing the effectiveness of services and supports to improve      functional and health outcomes of individuals with autism.  As my colleague, Mr. Doyle, said a moment ago, we have expanded IACC. The Departments of Labor, Justice, Veterans Affairs, and HUD are now part of it, and there has been an expansion from two to three members for self-advocates, parents, legal guardians, and advocates.  Let me remind Members, and I encourage them even to go online and check this out.  