Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 358, calling on the Government of Cameroon and armed groups to respect fundamental human rights and pursue dialogue to resolve the crisis in the anglophone region of that country.  Mr. Speaker, I especially want to thank Congresswoman Karen Bass, the chairwoman of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee, of which I serve as the ranking member, for this resolution. It is a bipartisan resolution, and, again, I thank her for her leadership.  Mr. Speaker, I would note that in the last Congress, I chaired a hearing on this Cameroon crisis as it was festering, seeking a way forward for peace. Sadly, that effort and all efforts made by the international community have been elusive thus far.  The conflict in Cameroon has its roots in long-simmering tensions between that country's francophone majority and the anglophone minority, concentrated in the northwest and southwest regions.  In 2016, protests by anglophone teachers and lawyers over marginalization and the lack of government services were met with a heavy-handed response. The government failed to genuinely address those legitimate grievances, which further inflamed tensions.  Brutal fighting between government security forces and local armed groups who called for separatism continues.  Today, there are over 500,000 displaced persons in the anglophone region.  Mr. Speaker, entire communities have been burned to the ground. Humanitarian convoys struggle to reach local populations or are even blocked and attacked by armed groups. Over half of the health facilities and hospitals have been damaged and forced to close. Children have been out of school for over 2 years.  According to the U.S. Department of State's Human Rights Report on Cameroon from 2018: ``Government security forces were widely believed to be responsible for disappearances of suspected anglophone separatists, with reports of bodies dumped far from the site of the killings to make identification difficult.''  This, in turn, is fueling resentment and separatist violence.  This resolution reiterates the U.S. position that all parties must immediately cease fighting and come to the negotiating table without preconditions. The Swiss-led mediation process is a hopeful step in that direction, which deserves support.  I would also note the critical role that has been played by the Catholic church, in particular Cardinal Tumi, in trying to reach common ground, and the need to support such efforts.  Hopefully, by weighing in, Congress can help promote the cause of peace and justice in the Republic of Cameroon.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time.  