Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, beyond what has been done to date, Chinese companies profiting from forced labor in Xinjiang must be prohibited from exporting goods to the United States and to other countries. The administration has, to its credit, blocked one Chinese company for forced labor manufacturing, but there are many other companies, particularly in the manufacturing of cotton and garments, that are profiting off the slavery of detained Uighurs. Many more companies need to be barred from entry into the U.S. market.  In addition to the crimes against humanity that Xi Jinping has imposed upon the people of Xinjiang, the United States also needs to address the high-tech authoritarianism of the future being auditioned in Xinjiang.  Beijing is using Xinjiang as a proving ground for an all-knowing police and surveillance state. The technology used to construct China's high-tech police state is being exported around the world to some countries in Africa, central Asia, and beyond. Every petty dictator and aspiring totalitarian can use this technology to crush democratic aspirations, human rights, religious freedom, and the rule of law.  Let me also say a word or two about Uighur Americans, like the great Rebiya Kadeer, who I have been friends with since 2006--I have had her at hearings. She is an unbelievable leader. Her entire family and extended family, dozens of people, have been rounded up and have been put into prison. Nury Turkel, Rushan Abbas, and Gulchehra Hoja have had their families, as well, threatened and detained because they dared to speak up here in the United States.  So many Uighur Americans have experienced the agony of family detentions and disappearances, again, a cruelty laid at the feet of Xi Jinping. He not only goes after the individual, he goes after the whole family. And again, the women in prisons in China are sexually abused and tortured. The men are abused, as well.  For those watching us today, the message you hear should be clear. The United States wants to hold the Chinese Government and the Chinese companies accountable for crimes against humanity and the cruelty they inflict on your families and your loved ones. We will not be silent. Justice is coming. We are demanding accountability.  I also want to take a moment to thank the reporters of Radio Free Asia's Uyghur Service. Their families have been rounded up and put into prison, into concentration camps by Xi Jinping's dictatorship. This is beyond horrific, and we need to respond accordingly.  I also want to thank and note the contribution of Dr. Scott Flipse to the legislation before us today, and also the Uyghur Human Rights Policy Act and, frankly, to the Hong Kong Democracy and Human Rights Act that was signed into law just a few days ago.  I also want to thank former CECC staff directors Paul Protic and Elyse Anderson and current staff members Jon Stivers, Peter Mattis, Megan Fluker, and Amy Reger for helping this Congress shine a bright light on the atrocities.  And, of course, our full and subcommittee staffers, as well, have done yeoman's work on this terrible issue.  We are united today. We need to be united with all Americans in saying, never again.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  