Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me say, I appreciate and respect the eloquent remarks of the Speaker just a few moments ago. We are united on Hong Kong. I think that is very clear, and we have been working together, along with a number of other Members, including some former Members, like Frank Wolf from Virginia, who are united in believing that freedom, and democracy, and respect for human rights is everybody's business, and everybody is entitled to it. These are God-given rights. So, again, I want to thank the Speaker for her wonderful remarks.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4270, the PROTECT Hong Kong Act, sponsored by Chairman  Jim McGovern, and I am very proud to be a cosponsor on it. The PROTECT Hong Kong Act mandates export restrictions on defense articles and munitions to the Hong Kong police.  As the largest protest movement Hong Kong has ever seen continues into its fifth month, major concerns have arisen about the Hong Kong police's independence and professionalism. The people of Hong Kong are rightfully furious about well-documented cases of excessive force, brutal tactics, and the tolerance of violence against protesters and journalists by the government.  The Hong Kong police's actions are now a cause in and of themselves of protest. There has been widespread police misuse of crowd control equipment and less lethal weaponry, including incidents that have seriously injured journalists. Police have used teargas, rubber bullets, water cannons, sponge grenades, pepper spray, and batons against demonstrators, some of which, indeed, are American-made equipment. In recent weeks two protesters have been shot with live rounds.  Meanwhile, while we discuss a move to ban the sale of such offensive equipment, the Hong Kong Government, via executive fiat, has simultaneously moved to ban the use by demonstrators of defensive equipment used to protect themselves against police attacks; namely, gas masks and face masks.  The PROTECT Hong Kong Act will prohibit the issuing of licenses for the export of munitions and crowd control equipment to the Hong Kong police. The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce and other relevant Federal agencies, will also be required to issue a report on what has been sold to the Hong Kong police over the past several years.  These prohibitions will remain in effect until these incidents are independently examined and the Hong Kong police have demonstrated truly professional conduct.  In sum, the U.S. should not be complicit in any way, shape, or form in violence being used to squash the legitimate demands guaranteed to the Hong Kong people by international treaty. That is unacceptable, and it is contrary to U.S. interests, and it is contrary to U.S. law.  I strongly support unanimous support for this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time.  