Mr. Speaker, the bill under consideration today reverses several--at least nine--life-affirming, pro-life policies, including conscience protection, Title X reform, the Protecting Life in Global Health Assistance, and more.  This is a pro-abortion piece of legislation on steroids. But passage won't be the last word.  Trump will veto it and we will sustain that veto.  No one, including doctors, nurses, and LPNs, Mr. Speaker, and no entity, like hospitals or health insurance plans, should ever be compelled against their will into performing, facilitating, or subsidizing abortion.  This bill eviscerates the administration's conscience protection rule. In late February, HHS promulgated the Protect Life rule to reassert portions of President Reagan's original Title X regulation to end colocation of abortion clinics with family planning clinics under Title X. It also requires financial separation. That, too, is reversed by this piece of legislation.  Among its provisions, the Protect Life rule also seeks to protect against child abuse, child molestation, sexual abuse, and human trafficking.  H.R. 2740 also guts the Protecting Life in Global Health Assistance policy, which ensures that our foreign aid holds harmless unborn children. It, again, is a Ronald Reagan policy expanded and reiterated, and it prevents taxpayer funds from going to--and this is grant money--foreign NGOs that perform or promote abortion as a method of family planning.  Mr. Speaker, the shocking number of unborn children killed in America is unconscionable--approximately 61 million dead babies since 1973--a death toll that equates to the entire population of Italy. All of this when our knowledge about unborn children and the breathtaking miracle of life before birth is unparalleled.  Mr. Speaker, anyone here, parent or grandparent, knows that the first baby pictures today are of the child in the womb, the ultrasound pictures that go up on our refrigerators, so proud of the new baby. It is not that you are going to be a parent; you are a parent during those 9 months.  Yet the pro-abortion movement, like a modern day Flat Earth Society, continues to cling to outdated, indefensible arguments cloaked in euphemism.  Even the seemingly benign word ``choice'' withers under scrutiny. Choice to do what? Dismember an unborn child piece by piece. Anyone who watched the movie ``Unplanned'' saw an ultrasound-guided abortion where the child was decimated right on the screen for all to see.  Then there is, of course, RU-486, which first starves the baby to death, and then the baby is expelled from the womb. Then there are injections of chemical poisons--all of it violence against children.  That is what the choice is all about: the choice of killing an innocent, defenseless, unborn child.  