Madam Speaker, if reopening the government is the goal, if ending the shutdown is the goal, why does this appropriations package contain a brand-new poison pill rider, section 7071, that overturns a major, comprehensive, current-day pro-life policy?  Let's be clear. The Protecting Life and Global Health Assistance Policy is eviscerated by this bill. The Protecting Life Policy, Madam Speaker, is a significant reiteration and expansion of President Ronald Reagan's Mexico City policy, which was first announced back in 1984, and that policy was and is designed to ensure that U.S. taxpayer money is not funneled to foreign nongovernmental organizations that perform or promote abortion as a method of family planning.  The policy done by Trump 2 years ago establishes pro-child safeguards that are benign and humane conditions. It is about protection of these innocent children who might otherwise die from chemical poisoning or by dismemberment.  For years, pro-abortion organizations have used U.S. taxpayer funds to weaken, undermine, or reverse pro-life laws in other nations and destroy precious lives of these children.  The Speaker earlier today admonished us to protect God's creation. These unborn children are God's creation. They cry out for our protection. U.S. foreign policy and the foreign entities that we fund with billions of dollars of tax money, grant money--this isgrant money--should consistently affirm, care for, and tangibly assist women and children, including the unborn child.  Let's not forget, no one is expendable or a throwaway. Every human life has imminent value. Birth is merely an event, not the beginning of the life of a child. Taxpayers should not be forced to fund the organizations that are promoting abortion overseas.  This allows us--and it doesn't reduce global humanitarian aid, global health aid by so much as a dollar. It just is who we give it to does matter, and if they have an agenda of taking the lives of these precious children, we would give it to someone else, and we do so on a dollar-for-dollar basis.  I thank my good friend for yielding, and I hope that everyone will support the Granger motion to recommit.  