Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 517, a resolution by Chairman Engel and Ranking Member McCaul, supporting the Global Fund to fight AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria.  The Global Fund is a financing partnership of governments, private donors, and civil societies that have a shared purpose of ending HIV/AIDS, TB, and malaria. Since its founding in 2002, the Global Fund is credited with saving millions of lives.  Nor is our contribution to combat these diseases limited to the Global Fund. As my colleagues know, since its inception in 2002, the Global Fund has worked with U.S. programs, such as the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, or PEPFAR, which has radically and positively changed the course of health outcomes.  President Bush initiated the PEPFAR program, which has been transformative in so many countries, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa. According to PEPFAR's latest data, over 18 million lives have been saved due to PEPFAR's intervention.  I would note the success in blocking mother-to-child transmission of AIDS during pregnancy. At the end of September 2019, Mr. Speaker, over 2.6 million babies born of HIV-infected mothers have been born HIV free.  In addition to President Bush's extraordinary leadership, we should also note the lasting reforms and contributions of Mark Dybul. Mark served as the U.S. Global AIDS Coordinator from 2006 to 2009, implementing PEPFAR during that critical period. He then went on to serve as the executive director of the Global Fund, instituting reforms such that we stand here today recognizing the critical role that the Global Fund is playing in the fight against HIV/AIDS.  Among other things, Mark insisted on the key role that faith-based organizations play in the fight against the spread of HIV. Africa, in particular, is a faith-based continent, and to neglect the role of the churches, as some had advocated at the time, would be to neglect the single most important grassroots institution in the lives of the people on the continent.  Mark also spearheaded risk avoidance strategies, including keeping adolescent girls in school, which has proven critical in delaying the onset of sexual activity and reducing the transmission of AIDS.  Mr. Speaker, the American people allocate $6 billion a year to the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, or PEPFAR, which Congress extended for another 5 years via legislation that I authored with Democrat Barbara Lee and that President Trump signed into law on December 11 last year.  Along with funds we dedicate in USAID's global health account to combat AIDS, TB, and malaria, our contributions to PEPFAR and the Global Fund make our global leadership unparalleled in the entire world. And it is not just simply providing funds. It is the leadership and commitment to excellence demonstrated by people such as our Global AIDS Coordinator today, Deborah Birx, and her team, which makes our commitment so impactful.  Yet, to sustain its progress, the Global Fund needs at least $14 billion over the next 3 years. To help the fund reach its goal, the U.S. commitment would need to be $1.56 billion. I am happy to say, 2 months ago, the Global Fund held its replenishment meeting, where pledge amounts for the next 3 years were submitted. The United States Government pledged $1.56 billion, with other donors coming to the table to help the Global Fund raise the critically needed money.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  