Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 546.  I want to thank Mr. Sires for authoring this very important resolution, which reiterates that Russia should not be permitted to rejoin the Group of Eight summits until Putin's flagrant aggression radically changes.  Since the Russian invasion in 2014, Ukraine has been embroiled in a battle for territorial sovereignty. For 6 years, Russia has illegally occupied the Crimean Peninsula and supported separatist fighting in the Donbas region of Ukraine.  For over a decade, Russia has also illegally occupied the Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions of Georgia, which constitute 20 percent of Georgia's territory.  Mr. Speaker, I visited Tbilisi within a week after Putin's invasion into South Ossetia when the thought was they might even go the rest of the way into Tbilisi, and I can say I saw firsthand the IDPs--the internally displaced persons--the refugees, the loss of life, and people who were wounded; and, again, it was all reminiscent of the bad old days of the Soviet Union now being replicated by Vladimir Putin.  Putin has violated fundamental principles of international law, and he has done so with impunity. He has refused to respect the territorial integrity of its neighbors and denied the standards of democratic societies.  These invasions and occupations have displaced thousands of ethnic Ukrainians and Georgians and resulted in severe human rights abuses against both populations. Moreover, Russia's meddling in the democratic elections of the United States and our allies throughout Europe have further demonstrated Putin's complete disrespect for the values and beliefs shared by other members of the Group of Seven.  This resolution condemns Russia's occupation of Crimea and other destabilization efforts in eastern Ukraine, reaffirms U.S. support for Ukraine's territory and sovereignty, and admonishes Putin's assaults on democratic processes around the world.  Most importantly, this legislation establishes that Russia should continue to be suspended from the Group of Seven until Putin adheres to the standards of democratic societies.  Again, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend and colleague from New Jersey for authoring this important legislation.  Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. McCaul), who is the ranking member.  Mr. McCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 546.  Under President Putin's leadership, Russia has invaded and occupied parts of Ukraine and Georgia, assassinated political opponents at home and abroad, and enabled the corrupt regimes of Assad in Syria and Maduro in Venezuela.  Putin has also waged cyber warfare and disinformation campaigns against the United States and our allies, interfered in our elections, and spied off of our coasts with their submarine warfare capability.  All of these actions go against the fundamental principles of the Group of Seven and threaten democracies around the world.  As I have said many times over the years, Mr. Putin is not our friend. The United States and our allies cannot trust him to be a reliable partner as long as he continues to lead his country down a path of corruption, assassinations, and oppression.  As stated in this resolution, Russia should not be readmitted to the Group of Seven until Putin respects the principles shared by the other members, relinquishes his choke hold over Crimea, and ceases his global attacks on democratic institutions. Maintaining the integrity of the Group of Seven is vital to the group's success, and Russia cannot be allowed to bully its way back in.  I would like to thank Representative Sires for his hard work on this resolution, and my good friend, Representative Smith, for championing this resolution today. Under Putin's leadership, the world has become more deadly and more dangerous, and his people have fewer freedoms and greater poverty.  In closing, we need to stand up to dictators like Mr. Putin. I do think this is not, again, a Republican or a Democrat issue. Standing up against a hostile enemy, Mr. Putin and the Russian Federation, is an American issue.  