Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. McCaul), the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee.  Mr. McCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlemen from New Jersey, Mr. Smith and Mr. Sires, and Mr. Engel for their hard work on this important resolution that I support, the Global Fund to fight AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria.  Over the last 17 years, 32 million lives have been saved as a result of the Global Fund partnering with U.S. programs to change the course of health outcomes. Yet, there is much more work to do. The Global Fund set a fundraising goal of $14 billion over the next 3 years in order to save an additional 16 million lives.  Since 2003, the United States has been a longtime and consistent partner of the Global Fund and the largest bilateral donor. The U.S. has historically provided $1 for every $2 raised by other donors.  Our contributions have been an effective tool to leverage other donors and secure greater commitments. However, uncertainty over final spending bills has complicated the U.S. contribution. That is why my friend Chairman Engel and I introduced this resolution, to reaffirm our commitment to the Global Fund and assure our donors of this U.S. commitment.  In October, pledge amounts for the next 3 years were submitted, and I am pleased that this resolution played a role in affirming the U.S. commitment to the Global Fund and helped spur more donors to step up to the fight against AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important resolution, and I also hope that we can consider a final appropriation bill soon that provides the necessary $1.56 billion over the next 3 years to the Global Fund.  Rarely, Mr. Speaker, in this Chamber do we pass laws and resolutions that have such a direct impact on the lives of others. That is the true calling, the true mission, that I think we share on both sides of the aisle, to make this world a better place. This resolution will certainly do that.  