Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Sires for his strong support for this legislation and for his leadership on neglected tropical diseases. I thank my other colleagues, Mr. McCaul and, of course, Ms. Bass, who has also been a great supporter of this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, neglected tropical diseases, or NTDs, are a group of parasitic and bacterial diseases, including worms, which blind, disfigure, and sometimes kill victims from among the world's poorest people, trapping the most marginalized communities in cycles of poverty. There are numerous examples of them, including Chagas, dengue, and leprosy.  Can you believe, Mr. Speaker, that there are over 200,000 cases of leprosy in the world today? And there is an intervention. There are drugs that can treat, mitigate, and even cure it, but sometimes people do not get access to them, and that causes serious, serious problems.  The worms--and I will get into that in a minute--are absolutely devastating, as well, and they need to be addressed very aggressively.  Mr. Speaker, approximately 2 billion people--almost one-third of the world's population--are at risk of contracting an NTD, and over 1.4 billion people are currently afflicted with one or more NTDs.  Over the years, Mr. Speaker, I have chaired numerous hearings on this: one in 2013; one in 2016, the global Zika epidemic; and many others, always focusing on the fact that we need to do more.  These are preventable, but they are certainly treatable. But if you don't get the drugs and you don't get the intervention, that person is made--and those who are like that person--to suffer horrifically.  I introduced the End Neglected Tropical Diseases Act in four separate Congresses--2014, 2015, 2017, and again this year--so I deeply appreciate Chairman Engel and Ranking Member McCaul's strong support for this legislation and the leadership for bringing it up today.  NTDs have an enormous impact in terms of disease burden and quality of life. It causes the loss of life to about 534,000 people. NTDs surpass both malaria and tuberculosis in causing greater loss of life-years to disability and premature death. They cause disfigurement and disability, often leading to stigma, social discrimination, and societal marginalization.  NTDs create an economic burden of billions of dollars through the loss of productivity and the high costs of healthcare required for treatment when it gets, especially, to a critical stage.  People afflicted by NTDs are less productive than their healthy counterparts. They jeopardize the ability of people to attend work and school or to produce at full capacity.  The social, economic, and health burden of NTDs falls primarily on low- and middle-income countries, where access to safe water, sanitation, and healthcare is limited.  At least 100 countries face two endemic NTD burdens, and 30 countries carry six or more endemic neglected tropical diseases.  As I said, they can be controlled. They can be prevented and even eliminated, using low-cost, effective, and feasible solutions, especially when treated early.  Research and development efforts are immediately needed for all NTDs, especially those for which no treatment currently exists.  Recent data published by the WHO confirm that, in 2018, more than 1 billion people were treated for at least one of five neglected tropical diseases.  Not well understood, Mr. Speaker, is the fact that neglected tropical diseases are infecting large numbers of vulnerable people--especially children--in developed countries, including the United States. Of course, these include West Nile virus, dengue fever, and, most recently, Zika.  An article published in the medical journal The Lancet scrutinized this emerging threat and was titled, ``Neglected Tropical Diseases: No Longer Someone Else's Problem.'' The article references world-renowned NTD expert Dr. Peter Hotez of Baylor College of Medicine, who, I note parenthetically, twice testified at hearings that I chaired.  I read his book--and I read it not once, but twice. It is a wake-up call to what these horrible diseases do. But he estimates that more than half of the 20 million Americans living in extreme poverty are infected with at least one neglected tropical disease. That is right here in the United States of America.  The End Neglected Tropical Diseases Act supports the treatment, control, and elimination of NTDs primarily by ensuring that USAID's NTD Program effectively integrates treatment, control, and elimination efforts with other development issues, such as HIV/AIDS, malaria, water and sanitation, and education.  It also directs, as my good friend Mr. Sires pointed out a moment ago, the U.S. Government to advocate for increased efforts to address NTDs among international institutions such as the U.N., World Health Organization, and World Bank.  Let's not forget that of the 14 most common NTDs, roughly 80 percent of infections are caused by soil-transmitted helminths and schistosomiasis.  Soil-transmitted helminths are a group of three parasitic worms--roundworms, whipworms, and hookworms--that afflict more than 1 billion people worldwide, including 600 million school-age children, of whom more than 300 million suffer from severe morbidity.  Schistosomiasis is another helminth infection affecting at least 220 million people in developing countries, and the World Health Organization estimates that 90 percent of those individuals are in sub-Saharan Africa.  The benefits of deworming are immediate and enduring. A rigorous, randomized controlled trial has shown that school-based deworming treatment reduces absenteeism by 25 percent. School-based deworming also benefits young siblings and other children who live nearby but are too young to be treated, leading to large cognitive improvements equivalent to half a year of schooling.  Let me also point out to my colleagues that the treatment for worms is simple and cost-effective. Treatment for hookworm, for example, in Tanzania costs about 4 cents per treatment to knock this terrible disease out of the intestinal tract. Yet one-off deworming treatment is not enough, as, without sanitary and hygiene behavioral changes, people will get reinfected.  What we need to do, and what this bill does, is to integrate our USAID deworming programs with our WaSH programs--water, sanitation, and health--coupled with our nutrition interventions.  Let me just also make a point that needs to be underscored with exclamation points. There is a very, very robust public-private partnership that USAID leads with pharmaceutical industry companies such as GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, and Merck.  And, of course, my friend in the chair and my friend managing the bill on the Democrat side know, because these companies hail from the great State of New Jersey--Merck in Rahway, for example--every U.S. taxpayer dollar invested is leveraged with $26 in donated medicines, resulting in $22 billion worth of donated medicine, which is extraordinary. I don't know of any other health program where the pharmaceuticals have stepped up like this to say: We are not going to sell you these drugs; we are going to donate them.  We also have helped train 6.5 million individuals in countries around the world to fight NTDs, helping them build and strengthen health systems. So we are, I think, making a difference. We need to do more.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  