Madam Chair, current law requires servicemembers to participate in Transition Assistance Program (TAP) before their anticipated separation date, and more than 20,000 service members will transition into civilian life per month over the next 5 years.  As the former Chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, I have seen how vital TAP is in preparing all eligible members of the armed forces for transition to civilian life. Servicemembers currently undergo 4 hours of pre-separation counseling, 5 days of classroom-based instruction, and an optional 2-day Transition Goals, Plans, Success program. Yet, the abundant information provided in these multiple sessions can become an organizational challenge especially for servicemembers who are relocating and starting new lives.  While access and advancement in mobile technology has grown, TAP has yet to provide servicemembers with a comprehensive online application accessible through mobile application technology to assist with their transition needs after separation including a personalized profile for employment, education, benefits, mentorship, resume building, and career training. Additionally, there is currently no avenue for TAP officials to follow servicemembers' progress in completing their TAP requirements and ensure that immediate and accurate reports are kept.  My amendment calls for a three-year pilot program through the interagency partners of the Department of Defense, Department of Veterans Affairs, and the Department of Labor to develop an online application that would address the current shortfalls in the TAP program, consolidate online resources given to them upon separation, and provide support for the transitioning needs of servicemembers as they become veterans.  The online application that would be available as an app for smartphones or tablets and accessible through laptops or desktop computers, would create a transition data dashboard personalized to the veteran. This application would provide a resume generator, job search portal, access to career training, and mentorship and do it all based on the individual military experiences and current geographic location of the veteran.  This pilot program will ensure the valuable information provided at TAP is always at veterans' fingertips in order to help our nation's heroes seamlessly transition into civilian life.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  