Madam Speaker, I will just say a couple of words, and then I will yield to my good friend, Dr. Harris.  Madam Speaker, doctors today routinely diagnose and treat a myriad of conditions, illnesses, and diseases suffered by society's littlest patients--unborn babies--significantly enhancing their health and chances to survive and to thrive. Comprehensive maternal and prenatal care is critical and ensures that both mother and baby are as healthy as possible during pregnancy and childbirth and in the weeks that follow.  Yet, tragically, in the United States, we have one of the highest maternal mortality rates in the developed world. While unborn children are killed at an unconscionable rate, nearly 2,500 children's lives are destroyed each and every day, about 906,000 in 2018 and more than 62 million dead babies since 1973. That shocking loss of children's lives equates with the entire population of England, more than 62 million kids who have been lost.  This stunning loss of children's lives has occurred during a time when science has made it absolutely clear that birth is an important event in the life of a child. It is an event. It is not the beginning of life; it is an event. And the miracle of life before birth is nothing short of breathtaking.  The first baby pictures today, proudly shared and displayed, are, most often, ultrasound photos, showing the baby alive and growing in the womb. They are not of newborns--them, too, later. But the first shot that we get to see of our kids and grandkids are while they are still in utero.  The humanity of these children is beyond doubt, yet the pro-abortion movement, like some kind of modern-day flat Earth society, continues to cling to outdated, indefensible arguments cloaked in euphemism.  Even the seemingly benign word ``choice'' withers under scrutiny. Choice to do what? Dismember a baby, starve a child to death like RU486 does, and then forcibly expel her or him from the womb?  In order to facilitate the baby's extermination, the pro-abortionists aggressively deny, and they profoundly disrespect, the unborn child. They loudly mock and belittle those who defend a child's right to life.  Anybody in the pro-life movement knows what that mocking is like. Frankly, that harsh criticism causes us to work even harder and, hopefully, more effectively to try to protect these weakest and most vulnerable among us.  Someday, I truly believe Americans will look back at America's abortion culture, which has, again, killed, to date, about 62 million babies, and wonder how such a seemingly compassionate and enlightened society could have had that blind spot that could not see the innate goodness and value, pricelessness, of that unborn child.  As   Steve Chabot said earlier today, we know that the women are the co-victims. I and my wife and those of us in the pro-life movement do work with postabortive women. We love them. We care for them.  Just yesterday, I met with two more women who are postabortive and talked about the agony that they quietly dealt with for so long. There are now many ministries that try to try to reach out to them to say: We want you to have a better life, a life of reconciliation and hope. You do not have to suffer alone. There are people who care for you.  Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Harris) the cochairman of the Pro-Life Caucus.  