Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1850, the Palestinian International Terrorism Support Prevention Act of 2019.  In so doing, I first want to note Congressman Brian Mast's great personal sacrifice in the war against terror and how inspirational it is for each and every one of us to see him raise his voice time and again in this great battle of our age.  I also want to thank my good friend from New Jersey (Mr. Gottheimer) for his lead cosponsorship of this legislation.  H.R. 1850 would require the President to report to Congress on those who knowingly provide financial and material support to terror groups such as Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and then apply sanctions. These groups in particular have vowed to wipe out our ally Israel, and their support of terror is well known.  Beyond that, the legislation would require a listing of foreign countries where Hamas and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad engage in fundraising, financing, or money laundering, as well as list those countries which fail to take adequate measures to freeze the assets of these known terror groups.  Mr. Speaker, Hamas, a designated foreign terrorist organization, has killed over 400 Israelis and 25 Americans, rules the Gaza Strip with an iron fist, and uses its proximity to threaten Israel with impunity. As a result, the Israelis live in constant fear of Hamas rockets, tunnels, and other means of bringing violence to Israeli citizens.  Earlier this year, in a single weekend, Hamas fired over 600 rockets into Israel, killing four civilians, including an American.  As part of our close partnership with Israel, the United States has long sought to help Israel counter that threat. We have worked together on development of the Iron Dome aerial defense system. We continue to work together on counter-tunnelling technology.  And again, now, with this bill, we will help Israel to counter Hamas and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad by denying these groups the use of funds for their terror operations.  For over a decade, Mr. Speaker, the executive branch, across multiple administrations, has sanctioned many individuals as well as a select number of foreign entities that are associated with Hamas, all under the general authority of broad executive order.  This bill will codify and standardize those sanctions in statute and require the administration to comprehensively assess whether other supporters of Hamas should be sanctioned who have thus far remained unaffected by their support of this terrorist group.  The bill also requires the President to report on whether foreign governments are supporting Hamas or the Palestinian Islamic Jihad.  Mr. Speaker, we know well that Iran is the world's leading state sponsor of terrorism, and Hamas and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad are among Iran's many terrorist beneficiaries. In fact, it was reported just a few days ago a senior Hamas delegation was in Tehran.  This legislation will ensure that the Iranian regime is held to account for its maligned activity undermining peace and security in the Middle East. Bahrain's Foreign Minister said, last week, were it not for Iran's support for Hamas, there would be a better chance of achieving peace between Israel and the Palestinians.  The goal of this legislation is to cut off Iran's support for terrorism and, therefore, make peace more probable.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  