Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 585, which calls for the protection of the Good Friday Agreement and any Brexit deal that may come to fruition. I congratulate the bill's sponsor,  Tom Suozzi from New York, for this important initiative.  The Good Friday Agreement brought resolution to the decades-long violent conflict known as The Troubles. The signing of the Good Friday Agreement 20 years ago was truly historic, extraordinarily difficult to achieve, a remarkable framework for peace, and the hope for the beginning of reconciliation.  In its most important provisions, the agreement launched a series of challenging protocols by which the leaders of the nationalist and unionist communities in Northern Ireland agreed to strive for better governance and a peaceful solution of differences. It was characterized by prisoner releases, new government structures, British demilitarization of the North, the decommissioning of paramilitary weapons, and systemic police reform.  In terms of realizing peace, consider this: In the 30 years between 1969 and 1998, approximately 3,500 people were killed in political violence, while in the 20 years since the Good Friday Agreement, fewer than 100 have lost their lives due to intersectarian violence--though there was also the ongoing phenomenon of intrasectarian killings attributable to internal disputes among paramilitary groups.  Mr. Speaker, there is a broad bipartisan consensus on peace for Northern Ireland, dating back to the integral role played by President Bill Clinton and Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell in the negotiation of the 1998 Good Friday Agreement.  Congressman Suozzi's resolution, introduced with Peter King as the lead Republican--and I am proud, like Mr. Sires, to be a cosponsor--reflects this bipartisan interest. I, myself, Mr. Speaker, have personally chaired 16 congressional hearings and markups of legislation on human rights issues in Northern Ireland, most of them with a special focus on police reform and the need to establish a public, independent judicial inquiry into state-sponsored collusion in the murder of human rights attorney Patrick Finucane andothers who were the victims of political assassinations on both sides of the divide.  Mr. Speaker, I also sponsored an amendment that resulted in suspending all U.S. support for and exchanges with the then-British police force in Northern Ireland, the Royal Ulster Constabulary. Vetting standards for RUC officers were implemented and then enforced. President Bush was then able to certify that human rights principles were part of police training going forward, both in the RUC and in its reformed successor, the Police Service of Northern Ireland.  Thus, I, too, like many in this Chamber, have a strong personal interest in the subject of Congressman Suozzi's resolution.  Also, I am extremely worried about the negative implications of a hard Brexit. This 1998 agreement has kept the peace on the island of Ireland for over two decades by maintaining a soft border between the two entities. A Brexit deal that results in a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland could very possibly instigate another outbreak of violence. The fact is that armed paramilitary groups still exist and could reengage in killing, should there be a sustained backsliding attributable to the failure to achieve an equitable Brexit resolution.  It is vital to the safety and security of Ireland that any potential Brexit deal effectively address the Irish backstop issue and maintain all components of the Good Friday Agreement. This resolution affirms this as the U.S. position on Brexit, and I commend its author. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  