Madam Chair, En Bloc amendment No. 14 includes my amendment--cosponsored by Donald Norcross (D-NJ)--to require the GAO to investigate the contracting practices of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, specifically on how the agency complies with and enforces the Davis-Bacon Act to pay locally prevailing wages on federally-financed construction jobs.  Under Davis-Bacon, the government may terminate a contract if locally prevailing wages have not been paid to employees working on the project. Contracting agencies, such as the Army Corps, however, have the primary day-to-day responsibility for enforcement of the Davis-Bacon Act and its labor standards requirements. Unfortunately, I have heard persistent and credible reports that the Army Corps' enforcement efforts are lacking, specifically at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, which is located in my district.  Irresponsible contractors and subcontractors often times avoid their prevailing wage obligations by engaging in two different types of misclassification: craft misclassification and independent contractor misclassification.  Craft misclassification occurs when dishonest contractors misclassify highskilled workers as general laborers or lower wage classifications in order to avoid paying the higher prevailing wage rate applicable to the high-skilled work actually performed. Independent contractor misclassification occurs when contractors misclassify employees as independent contractors to avoid paying prevailing wages in order to reduce labor costs and avoid state and federal taxes.  These practices deny workers access to critical benefits and protections, including prevailing wages, workers' compensation and unemployment insurance, and communities suffer because misclassification results in lower tax revenues for federal, state, and local governments. To top it off, the work is often substandard as it has been performed by people not properly trained for the job.  Our military installations deserve quality workmanship, not substandard facilities that could create potential hazards and diminish readiness.  In light of the intended federal investment of $11.5 billion for military construction projects included in this underlying bill for fiscal year 2020, we need to be sure that our taxpayer dollars--and critical investment in military infrastructure--are being spent in accordance with the law and on qualified workmanship. The GAO investigation of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will help quantify the problem and hopefully usher in reform.  