 President, it is my understanding that although the Senate had been scheduled to vote at 10:30 on a cloture motion, that time might be changed. However, I wish to make some further remarks in addition to what I said yesterday on the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act.  I think it is fair to say that I have been very disappointed over the past couple of days that we have not moved to this bill more quickly and that we haven't reached an agreement to take up and begin considering amendments. There has been a lot of talk about committee jurisdictions and germaneness of amendments and process issues that the American people just don't care about and which, frankly, don't make anyone safer. So I wish to take a few minutes to point out what we are really talking about.  Here are a few facts and figures. As I said in my remarks yesterday, cyber attacks and cyber threats are getting more and more common and more and more devastating. This isn't going to stop. It is going to get worse, and it affects everyone. That is why last night the White House had a simple message, and I hope my colleagues will hear it. A White House spokesman said yesterday: ``Cybersecurity is an important national security issue and the Senate should take up this bill as soon as possible and pass it.''  Here is why this is so important.  Last year the cyber security company McAfee and the Center for Strategic and International Studies, which we call CSIS, estimated that the annual cost of cyber crime is more than $400 billion--that is the annual cost--and could cost the United States as many as 200,000 jobs. That is not my analysis; that is the analysis of security experts. Also last year the cyber security company Symantec reported that over 348 million identities were exposed through data breaches--348 million people had their data exposed.  Poll information out this week from the Financial Services Roundtable shows that 46 percent of Americans were directly affected by cyber crime over the past year--that is almost one-half of the American population--and 66 percent are more concerned about cyber intrusions than they were last year. Why are people so concerned? Well, here is a list of 10 of the most noteworthy cyber breaches and attacks from the past year and a half.  Of course, we all know OPM. June of this year, Office of Personnel Management. There was an announcement that roughly 22 million government employees and security clearance applicants had massive amounts of personal information stolen from OPM databases.  Primera Blue Cross. In March of this year, Primera Blue Cross, a health insurer based in Washington State, said that up to 11 million customers could have been affected by a cyber breach last year.  Anthem. In February 2015, Anthem, one of the Nation's largest health insurers, said that hackers breached a database that contained as many as 80 million records of current and former customers.  Sony Pictures Entertainment. In November of last year, North Korean hackers broke into Sony Pictures Entertainment and not only stole vast amounts of sensitive and personal data but destroyed the company's whole internal network.  Defense Industrial Base. A 2014 Senate Armed Services Committee investigation found over 20 instances in the previous year of Chinese actors penetrating the networks of defense contractors to the military's Transportation Command.  JPMorgan Chase. In September of last year, it was reported that hackers broke in to their accounts and took the account information of 76 million households and 7 million small businesses.  Home Depot. In September of last year, Home Depot discovered that hackers had breached their networks and may have accessed up to 56 million credit cards.  EBay. In May of last year, it was reported that up to 233 million personal records of eBay users were breached.  There are people here who are concerned with personal information.Look at the breach of personal information that has taken place because we haven't been able to stop it.  Destructive attack on Sands Casino. In early 2014, Iran launched a cyber attack on the Sands Casino in Las Vegas that rendered thousands of their electronic systems inoperable, according to public testimony of the Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper.  Target. In December 2013, Target discovered that up to 70 million customers may have had their credit card information taken by hackers.  That is just the last year and a half. This Senator remembers, before this was disclosed in 2008, when hackers broke into Citibank and broke into the Royal Bank of Scotland and robbed individuals in each one of more than $10 million. That was not made public for a long time because they didn't want anybody to know. That was 2008. That was 7 years ago, and we haven't done anything about it.  Those are some of the breaches from the past year and a half. There are cyber crimes, theft of personal information, intellectual property, and money every single day.  In 2011 and 2012, there were denial-of-service attacks against major Wall Street banks and Nasdaq, showing that our financial institutions are vulnerable. In 2012, Saudi Aramco, the world's largest energy oil and gas company, had three-quarters of its corporate computers wiped out in a cyber attack. We are vulnerable and these attacks will continue.  This legislation, which was approved by a 14-to-1 vote in March and has been significantly improved since then, will not end these attacks, but it will greatly enhance the ability of companies and the U.S. Government to learn from each other about the threats they see and the defenses they employ.  I would like to make a couple of comments about the bill on specific points, if I may. We have made some 15 privacy information improvements in this bill, and I would like to read page 16 of the bill on ``Removal of Certain Personal Information.''       An entity sharing a cyber threat indicator pursuant to this      Act shall, prior to such sharing--       (A) review such cyber threat indicator to assess whether      such cyber threat indicator contains any information that the      entity knows at the time of sharing to be personal      information of or identifying a specific person not directly      related to a cybersecurity threat and remove such      information; or       (B) implement and utilize a technical capability configured      to remove any information contained within such indicator      that the entity knows at the time of sharing to be personal      information of or identifying a specific person not directly      related to a cybersecurity threat.  That is the first personal information scrub in this bill.  The second scrub is left to the agencies receiving the information. To that end, the Attorney General is directed to issue guidelines to all agencies once the information goes through the DHS portal and goes to the Defense Department or FBI or any other agency. Page 25 of the bill has details on the agencies' guidelines that will be developed to make a scrub:       Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this      Act, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with the      heads of the appropriate Federal entities and in consultation      with officers designated under section 1062 of the National      Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee-     1), develop, submit to Congress, and make available to the      public interim guidelines relating to privacy and civil      liberties which shall govern the receipt, retention, use, and      dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity      obtained in connection with activities authorized in this      Act.       (2) Final guidelines.--       (A) In general.--Not later than 180 days after the date of      the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall, in      coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal entities      and in consultation with officers designated under section      1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004      (42 U.S.C. 2000ee-1) and such private entities with industry      expertise as the Attorney General considers relevant,      promulgate final guidelines relating to privacy and civil      liberties which shall govern the receipt, retention, use and      dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity      obtained in connection with activities authorized in this      Act.  Then there is a section on periodic review.  Then there is a section on content:       The guidelines required by paragraphs (1) and (2) shall,      consistent with the need to protect information systems from      cybersecurity threats and mitigate cybersecurity threats--       (A) limit the impact on privacy and civil liberties of      activities by the Federal Government under this Act;       (B) limit the receipt, retention, use, and dissemination of      cyber threat indicators containing personal information of or      identifying specific persons, including by establishing--       (i) a process. . . .  And it goes on through page 27 of the bill. Everyone can pick it up and read it.  Section (E) on line 27 says it must ``protect the confidentiality of cyber threat indicators containing personal information of or identifying specific persons to the greatest extent practicable. . . . ''  Somebody can pick up this bill and read the section, pages 25, 26, and 27, and see the second personal information scrub that is in this bill. It happens, first, the company must scrub the information and then, second, the government must scrub the information. I think those are very substantial mandates.  I have been very disappointed by our inability to move this bill. Yesterday I cited the procedural history. This is the third bill we have dealt with. It gets into a question of committee jurisdiction, but the Intelligence Committee has been working on this issue for 5 years now. We have worked with companies. We have worked with technicians. Our staffs are very well aware of all the issues and the technical difficulties in putting together a bill.  The earlier bills were fragmented. This bill has a solid support from over 50 different companies and associations. I want to read just a few of them.  For the first time, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce supports the bill; the Software Alliance supports this bill; the Information Technology Council supports this bill; yesterday I received a letter from General Motors supporting this bill; the American Bankers Association; the American Financial Services Association; the American Insurance Association; Agricultural Retailers Association; Airlines for America; Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers; American Cable Association; American Chemistry Council; American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers; American Gaming Association; American Gas Association; American Insurance Association; American Petroleum Institute; American Public Power Association; American Water Works Association; Association of American Railroads; Association of Metropolitan Water Agencies; The Clearing House; Consumer Bankers Association; Credit Union National Association; Electronic Transactions Association; Financial Services Forum; Independent Community Bankers of America; Investment Company Institute. It goes on and on and on.  I would point out Oracle and the National Association of Manufacturers support it; IBM; as I said, General Motors; and the U.S. Telecom Association support it.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that this list be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:    Supporters of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015       U.S. Chamber of Commerce; BSA: The Software Alliance;      Information Technology Industry Council; American Bankers      Association; American Financial Services Association;      American Insurance Association; Agricultural Retailers      Association; Airlines for America; Alliance of Automobile      Manufacturers; American Cable Association; American Chemistry      Council; American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers;      American Gaming Association; American Gas Association;      American Insurance Association; American Petroleum Institute;      American Public Power Association; American Water Works      Association; ASIS International; Association of American      Railroads.       Association of Metropolitan Water Agencies; The Clearing      House; Consumer Bankers Association; Credit Union National      Association; Electronic Transactions Association; Financial      Services Forum; Financial Services Roundtable; Independent      Community Bankers of America; Investment Company Institute;      NACHA--The Electronic Payments Association; National      Association of Federal Credit Unions; National Association of      Mutual Insurance Companies; Property Casualty Insurers      Association of America; Securities Industry and Financial      Markets Association; BITS--Financial Services Roundtable;      College of Healthcare Information Management Executives;      CompTIA--The Computing Technology Industry Association;      CTIA--The Wireless Association; Edison Electric Institute;      Electronic Payments Coalition.       Electronic Transactions Association; Federation of American      Hospitals; Food Marketing Institute; Global Automakers;      GridWise Alliance; HIMSS--Healthcare Information and      Management Systems Society; HITRUST--Health Information Trust      Alliance; Large Public Power Council; National Association of      Chemical Distributors; National Association of Manufacturers;      National Association of Mutual Insurance Companies; National      Association of Water Companies; National Business Coalition      on e-Commerce & Privacy; National Cable & Telecommunications      Association; National Rural Electric Cooperative Association;      NTCA--The Rural Broadband Association; Property Casualty      Insurers Association of America; The Real Estate Roundtable;      Software & Information Industry Association; Society of      Chemical Manufacturers & Affiliates.       Telecommunications Industry Association; Transmission      Access Policy Study Group; Utilities Telecom Council; Oracle;      National Association of Manufacturers Association; IBM;      General Motors (GM); US Telecom Association.  