 The Homeland Security Committee is certainly free to do a bill. The Judiciary Committee is certainly free to do a bill. We have the one on the Intelligence Committee--and the Presiding Officer is a member of this committee--which has been working on this for a long time. We have done two bills previously. This bill, I believe, has hit the mark of support across the Nation, from the companies--both corporate and privately owned--that would have to use this.  It is all voluntary. It does not force anybody to do anything they do not want to do. If one does share, and share according to the strictures of this bill, you are protected with liability insurance. If you reduce it to its basic elemental truth, it is the on-ramp to cyber security protection in this country. It gives companies the ability to talk to each other about a well-defined cyber threat indicator, to talk with the government, and to be able to take advice from the government. If they follow the bill, they don't have to worry about a lawsuit. That is what this bill does.  So this Senator must say we have made at least 15 different privacy amendments to meet individual Senators' needs. There is a managers' package, a substitute amendment, if you will, that takes out any use of this information from being used for any other purpose--violent crime--other than cyber security because a number of Senators weighed in, and they felt it could be used to be monitored as a surveillance bill.  This is not a surveillance bill. What it is meant to be is a voluntary effort that companies can enter into with some protection if they follow this law. It gives the Attorney General the obligation to come up with secure guidelines to protect private information.  It is very hard for me, candidly, to understand why this has become such a big issue because we protect privacy information. Today out in this vast land of the Internet, there is very little privacy protection. You can see that by the cyber interruptions. You can see that by the use of insurance data by company to company. You can see that by companies that are designed to accumulate data about an individual so they can sell that data to other companies, which can tell you who uses a credit card, how you use it, where you use it, and at what time you use it. To me that is a privacy violation.  We have taken every step to prevent privacy violations from happening under this bill. Yet there are individuals who still raise that as a major concern. I believe it is bogus. I believe it is a detriment to us in taking this first step to protect our American industries. If we don't pass it, the thefts are going to go on and on and on.  I understand that the cloture vote has been postponed until 2 o'clock. I will vote for cloture. I believe we have, in good faith--Senator Burr and I, the committee as a whole, the staffs on both sides of the aisle--gone out of our way to listen to Senators, to present amendments where they felt they were workable and applicable to the bill. We need to get on with it because the litany I read in the last year and a half of almost half of the American people being affected by cyber crime cannot go on.  I make these remarks and hope at least it can clear the air somewhat, so when a cloture vote does come at 2 o'clock, we will have the votes to proceed to the bill.  I yield the floor.  