 President, I submitted this resolution recognizing and commending those who boldly prevented what could have amounted to an unspeakable tragedy aboard a high-speed train headed toward Paris, France, on August 21, 2015.  Those who took these courageous actions were: U.S. Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone, Oregon Army National Guard Specialist Aleksander Skarlatos, California State University Sacramento student Anthony Sadler, French-American Mark Moogalian, Frenchman Damien A., and Chris Norman, a British citizen.  I would particularly like to recognize U.S. Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone, Oregon Army National Guard Specialist Aleksander Skarlatos, and California State University Sacramento student Anthony Sadler, three childhood friends who grew up in California, and thank them for their fearlessness, commitment to one another, and swift action that saved countless lives.  That day, aboard the train carrying more than 500 passengers, a gunman armed himself with a Kalashnikov rifle, a pistol, a box cutter, hundreds of rounds of ammunition, and a container of gasoline, seeking to exact serious harm on innocent passengers.  In response to this threat, U.S. Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone, Oregon Army National Guard Specialist Aleksander Skarlatos, college student Anthony Sadler, Mark Moogalian, Chris Norman, and Damien A. took action to protect other passengers.  They subdued the gunman, risking their lives for the safety of others and representing the type of courage that should inspire us all.  Initially, Damien A. and Mark Moogalian encountered the gunman and tried to disarm him. In the struggle, Mark Moogalian suffered a gunshot wound. We wish Mark Moogalian a full and speedy recovery from his wounds, and thank him for his courageous action.  Upon noticing the disruption, U.S. Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone saw the gunman in the passenger car and immediately tried to subdue him.  He grabbed the gunman around the neck to prevent the gunman from shooting his weapon. U.S. Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone suffered multiple box cutter wounds while wrestling the gunman.  Oregon Army National Guard Specialist Aleksander Skarlatos quickly followed, as did Anthony Sadler and Chris Norman.  Ultimately, the gunman was subdued, rendered unconscious, and tied up on the floor of the train.  And, U.S. Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone, a medical technician himself injured by the attacker's box cutter, then treated Mark Moogalian's injuries and helped save his life.  The swift, decisive, and courageous actions of these men prevented what could have been the deaths of dozens of passengers.  Their heroism should be recognized as an inspiration by all Americans, including by this body, and I thank all of my Senate colleagues for cosponsoring the resolution to honor their bravery and heroic acts.  Mr. McCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.  