 President, regrettably this is the third attempt to pass a cyber security information sharing bill in recent years. In 2012 the Lieberman-Collins Cybersecurity Act of 2012 was on the floor. It included a title on information sharing which the Intelligence Committee helped produce. It was an important piece of legislation, but it only received one Republican vote.  Last Congress, then-vice chairman of the Intelligence Committee Saxby Chambliss and I set out to draft a narrower bill just on information sharing in the hopes of attracting bipartisan support. The Intelligence Committee approved a bill in 2014 by a strong bipartisan vote of 12 to 3, but it never reached the Senate floor due to privacy concerns. So this is the third try.  I am very pleased that Chairman Burr and I now have the opportunity to bring a bill to the floor that both sides can and should support. This bill is bipartisan. It is narrowly focused. It puts in place a number of privacy protections, many of which we will outline shortly. I believe the bipartisan vote of 14 to 1 in the Senate Intelligence Committee in March underscores this fact. I would like to commend Senator Burr's leadership and his willingness to negotiate a bipartisan bill with me that can and should--and I hope will--receive a strong vote in the Senate. Let me take a few minutes to describe the main features of the bill and its privacy protections.  In short, it does the following five things:  First, the bill recognizes that the Federal Government has information about cyber threats that it can and should share with the private sector and with State, local, and tribal governments. The bill requires the Director of National Intelligence to put in place a process to increase the sharing of information on cyber threats already in the government's hands with the private sector to help protect an individual or a business. So that is the sharing between the government and the private sector. This includes sharing classified data with those with security clearances and an appropriate need to know but also requires the DNI to set up a process to declassify more information to help all companies secure their networks. We have heard over and over again from companies that the information they get from the government today is not sufficient. That needs to change.  Second, the bill provides clear authorization for private sector entities to take appropriate actions. That includes an authorization for a company to monitor its networks or information on its networks for cyber security purposes only. No other type of monitoring is permitted, nor is the use of information acquired through such monitoring allowed for purposes other than cyber security.  There is also an authorization for a company to implement a defensive measure on its network to detect, prevent, or mitigate a cyber threat. This authorization by definition does not authorize a defensive measure that destroys, renders unusable, or substantially harms a computer system or information on someone else's network. This is an important point. There has been concern that the bill would immunize a company for damage it might cause to other people's networks. The managers' amendment makes clear that the authorization in this bill allows companies to block malicious traffic coming from outside their network and stop threats on their systems but not conduct offensive activities or otherwise have substantial effects off their networks.  Finally, there is an authorization for companies to share limited cyber threat information or defensive measures with other companies or with government agencies. It does not authorize sharing anything other than cyber information. In a critical change, the managers' amendment states that sharing is for cyber security purposes only. So this really is a very limited authorization.  It is important to note that while these activities are authorized, they are not mandatory. Information sharing, monitoring, and use of defensive measures are all voluntary. The bill makes explicit that there are no requirements for a company to act or not to act.  I have heard from technology companies in the past couple of weeks that they are concerned that this bill requires them to share customer information with the government. That is false. Companies can choose to participate or they can choose not to. If they do, they can only share cyber threat information, not their company's personal information or their online activity.  The third thing this bill does is it puts in place procedures and limitations for how the government will receive, handle, and use cyber information provided by the private sector. The bill requires two sets of policies and procedures. The first set--to be written by the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security--requires that cyber information that comes to the Federal Government will be made available to all appropriate Federal departments and agencies without unnecessary delay and that the information sharing system inside the government is auditable and is consistent with privacy safeguards.  The second set of required guidelines is designed to limit the privacy impact of the sharing of cyber information and specifically limits the government's receipt, retention, use, and dissemination of personal information. These guidelines are to be written by the Attorney General. They will be made public.  The bill specifically limits the use of cyber information by the government. Federal agencies can only use the information received through this bill for a cyber security purpose, for the purpose of identifying a cyber threat, preventing or responding to an imminent threat of death, serious bodily harm, serious economic harm, including an imminent terrorist attack, preventing or responding to a serious threat of harm to a minor, and preventing, investigating, or prosecuting specific cyber-related crimes.  Fourth, the bill creates what we call in shorthand a portal at the Department of Homeland Security and requires that cyber information is received by the government through the Homeland Security portal, from which it can be distributed quickly and responsibly to appropriate departments and agencies. This portal was the joint proposal a few years ago by former DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano, FBI Director Bob Mueller, and NSA Director Keith Alexander. The purpose of the portal is to centralize the entry point for cyber information sharing so that the government can effectively and efficiently receive that cyber information, can protect privacy, and can ensure that all the appropriate departments with cyber security responsibility can quickly learn about threats.  A key aspect of this centralized portal is to enable information to move where it needs to go automatically. Once cyber threat information enters the portal, it will be shared in real time--meaning without human intervention and at machine speed--to the other appropriate Federal agencies. The belief is that they can put in a filter and do a privacy scrub, if you will, just in case there is any private information, such as a Social Security number, a driver's license number, or something like that, that can be instantly moved out.  Such a real-time exchange is necessary because if there are indications that a cyber attack is underway, theresponse to stop that attack will need to be immediate and not subject to any delay. The bill makes clear that this can and should be done in a way that ensures that privacy is protected, improving both privacy protections and the ability to quickly protect sensitive systems.  Fifth and finally, the bill provides liability protection to companies that act in accord with the bill's provisions. Specifically, the bill provides liability protection for companies that properly monitor their computer networks or that share information the way the bill allows. The bill specifically does not protect companies from liability in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct, nor does it protect those who do not follow its privacy protections.  As I mentioned earlier, there are many privacy protections throughout the bill. Because this is a key point of interest for a number of Senators, I wish to list 10 of them.  No. 1, it is voluntary. The bill doesn't require companies to do anything they choose not to do. There is no requirement to share information with another company or with the government, and the government cannot compel any sharing by the private sector. So if there is this tech company or that tech company that doesn't want to provide this information, don't do it. Nothing forces you to do it. This is 100 percent voluntary.  No. 2, it narrowly defines the term ``cyber threat indicator'' to limit the amount of information that may be shared under the bill. Only information that is necessary to describe or identify cyber threats can be shared.  No. 3, the authorizations are clear, but they are limited. Companies are fully authorized to do three things: monitor their networks or provide monitoring services to their customers to identify cyber threats, use limited defensive measures to protect against cyber threats on their networks, and share and receive cyber information with each other and with Federal, State or local governments. No surveillance, no sharing of personal or customer information is allowed.  No. 4, there are mandatory steps that companies must take before sharing any cyber threat information with other companies or the government. Companies must review information before it is shared for irrelevant privacy information, and they are required to remove any such information that is found. A bank would not be able to share a customer's name or account information. Social Security numbers, addresses, passwords, and credit information would be unrelated to a cyber threat and would, except in very exceptional circumstances, be removed by the company before sharing.  No. 5, the bill requires that the Attorney General establish mandatory guidelines to protect the privacy of any information the government receives. These guidelines will be public. The guidelines will limit how long the government can retain any information and provide notification requirements and a process to destroy mistakenly shared information. It also requires the Attorney General to create sanctions for any government official who does not follow these mandatory privacy guidelines.  No. 6, the Department of Homeland Security, not the Department of Defense or the intelligence community, is the primary recipient of the shared cyber information.  No. 7, the managers' amendment includes a new provision, which was suggested by Senator Carper, with the backing of a number of privacy groups, to allow the Department of Homeland Security--and I say this again--to scrub the data as it goes through the portal to make sure it does not contain irrelevant personal information.  No. 8, the bill restricts the government's use of voluntarily shared information to cyber security efforts, imminent threats to public safety, protection of minors, and cyber crimes. Unlike previous versions, the government cannot use this information for general counterterrorism analysis or to prosecute noncyber crimes.  No. 9, the bill limits liability protection to only monitoring for cyber threats and sharing information about them when a company complies with the bill's privacy requirements, and it explicitly excludes protection for gross negligence or willful misconduct.  No. 10, above and beyond these mandatory protections, there are a number of oversight mechanisms in the bill which involve Congress, the heads of agencies, the inspectors general, and the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board.  In sum, this bill allows for strictly voluntary sharing of cyber security information with many layers of privacy protections.  As I have noted, the managers' amendment that we will consider shortly, I hope, will include several key privacy protections. We will be describing them in more detail when we turn to that amendment.  Mr. President, I hope this has made clear that we have tried to very carefully balance the need for improved cyber security with the need to protect privacy and private sector interests. As I said earlier, this is the third bill on information sharing. We have learned from the prior two efforts.  It is clear from the headlines and multiple data breach notifications that customers and employees are now receiving that this bill is necessary and we need to act now instead of after a major cyber attack seriously impacts hundreds or thousands of lives or costs us billions or trillions of dollars.  We have a good bill. I know there are some cynics. I know there are some tech companies that may be worried about what their customers might do. Then don't participate if you don't want to, but I have talked to enough CEOs who have said to me: Please do this. We need this ability to share, and the only way we can get this ability is with liability protection for sharing cyber threat material, so this is very important.  I again thank the chairman for everything he has done to lead this effort. It is my hope that we will have a good, civil debate and that we will be able to pass this bill with a substantial margin.  I yield the floor.  