 President, it is greatly disappointing that the Senate is in session today to reconsider a vote we took before the Memorial Day recess to extend the three expiring provisions of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.  Instead of passing the USA FREEDOM Act a week ago and sending it to the President, we are now poised to take the measure up this coming week, after the FISA authorities have expired. The result is that our intelligence agencies will lose important tools to protect against terrorist attacks. This is a self-inflicted harm, and one that was totally unnecessary.  As I did a week ago, I will vote to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to the USA FREEDOM Act, and I intend to vote for the legislation through the upcoming procedural votes. The bill is not perfect, but it extends the business records, lone wolf, and roving wiretap provisions and it institutes some important reforms to FISA.  Unfortunately, what we have on the floor of the Senate tonight is political gamesmanship at its worst. We should have had this debate weeks or months ago, not up against the deadline. Failing that, the majority should not have defeated this motion last week when it is prepared today to pass it.  We should skip the unnecessary delay of voting separately on the motion to proceed, cloture on the bill, and on the bill itself. Clearly there are 60 votes inthis chamber to pass the USA FREEDOM Act, whether we do it today or if we do it next week.  So the question comes: why not pass this bill today, reform the business records provision of FISA, and keep important intelligence authorities in effect? Unfortunately, the answer is that one Senator is holding this process hostage for his own political benefit. It is a travesty, and it is unconscionable.  We remain a nation under threat of terrorism. Our allies remain under threat of terrorism.  This is not hypothetical. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant--ISIL--is seeking to recruit individuals to conduct attacks against the United States. Tens of thousands of foreign fighters have entered Iraq and Syria to join ISIL. There are hundreds of people inside the United States right now that ISIL is seeking to inspire, direct, and assist in carrying out an attack.  Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula--AQAP--is developing non-metallic, undetectable bombs for use on U.S. airliners and is teaching people how to make such devices themselves. These groups are competing to be worst of the worst in international terrorism and they are coming after us.  We aren't sending thousands of troops to confront ISIL in Iraq and Syria or to stop AQAP in Yemen. We aren't going to diminish their threats through partnership with local governments.  The only way we are going to stop attacks against the United States and our people is by collecting good intelligence. To me, that means we need to do everything lawful and effective in intelligence to identify and thwart those attacks.  The roving wiretap provision is important. It says that the FBI doesn't have to stop surveillance against a terrorist or a foreign spy when he buys a new cell phone or changes his email account. Having to do so in today's world would be ridiculous.  The ``lone wolf'' provision is important. To be clear--it hasn't been used. But to be equally clear, never before have we faced the exact threat that this provision was written to address: the threat of an individual, inside this country, plotting to kill Americans without traveling abroad and training with a terrorist group first.  The business records provision is important. It includes both routine requests for records--hotel bills, car rentals, travel information--that are regular parts of law enforcement and national security investigations. It also authorizes the NSA's phone metadata program. Under this provision, the NSA gets information about phone calls to include the numbers on either end of the line, the time, and the duration of the call. It does not include the words that are spoken as part of the phone conversation, the identities of the people involved, or their location.  What it does is help the Intelligence Community know more about people for whom there is a ``reasonable articulable suspicion'' of being tied to terrorist groups. If there is a terrorist in Syria talking to Americans at home, we want to know that. If a phone number, for example, in Garland, TX, is in touch with an ISIL operations chief, we need to know. That information allows the FBI to go to a court for a probable cause warrant to conduct electronic and physical surveillance of a suspect.  This program is conducted under strict oversight and operational limitations. The number of people at NSA with access to the data is small--it was 22 in 2013. They have to get approval each time they do a query of the phone records; today that approval comes from the FISA Court. The query only returns information on what numbers were called by, and called, the phone number in question, and then a second hop from that number. There were 288 phone numbers approved for queries in 2012, and those queries led to 12 probable cause warrants by the FBI.  The program is overseen within the NSA by multiple officials, including the inspector general and the privacy and civil liberties officer. It is overseen by the Department of Justice, which reviews every single query, and by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. It is overseen by the Intelligence and Judiciary Committees of the House and the Senate, and it is overseen for compliance purposes by the FISA Court.  So these are important tools that, because of Senate inaction and recalcitrance, will expire tonight. As a result, we make ourselves more vulnerable.  I very much regret this situation that the Senate has created, and I urge my colleagues to vote for cloture and to quickly enact the USA FREEDOM Act.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Grassley). The Senator from Indiana is recognized.  