 President, I rise today to express my support for American flower growers, having submitted a resolution designating Mother's Day, May 10, 2015, as a special day to honor the role that domestically grown flowers play in the ability of Americans to honor their mothers. This resolution is cosponsored by Senators Barbara Boxer and Lisa Murkowski.  Americans truly care about where the goods they purchase and the foods they eat are produced. They have a strong desire to support their local economies and help their communities thrive. And purchasing agricultural products grown in our country supports American farmers. American-grown agricultural products are often fresher and last longer than imports because they are not shipped as far as products grown abroad.  This is also the case for American-grown flowers. The majority of Americans would prefer to buy more locally grown flowers if given the choice, yet only one out of every five flowers sold in the United States is grown in the country.  Every State has access to domestically grown flowers, but three-quarters of Americans do not know where the flowers they purchase are grown.  American-grown flowers create almost $42 million in economic impact per day. These flowers not only support the flower growers but also the 16,000 florists and floral establishments across the country that sell them.  Many of these growers and florists run small businesses that are critical to our Nation's economic strength. They create jobs and contribute to theeconomy of their respective communities. These businesses produce flowers that provide a beautiful and elegant way for Americans to show affection for their family members and loved ones.  The popularity of American-grown flowers is increasing, and I am pleased to see that the White House is involved in promoting American-grown flowers as well. Last year, the First Lady highlighted the beauty of domestic flowers by displaying a number of varieties at the only State Dinner of the year. The dinner featured flowers from Mississippi, New Jersey, Virginia, Florida, and, I am proud to say, California.  California is the largest cut flower producer in the Nation. The State grows more than 116 types of flowers, including roses, irises, lilies, tulips, and gerbera. At my home in San Francisco, I maintain a garden filled with many of the flowers and plants that flourish across California. My garden has beautiful magnolias, azaleas, pansies, and dahlias. I also have drought-resistant gazanias, which is more important than ever given the severe water shortage in the State.  When you give someone a California-grown flower, it was most likely harvested within the last 48 hours. I am delighted that my State is home to the flowers that help Americans show their loved ones how much they care.  I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring American-grown flowers this Mother's Day. I hope that this resolution will remind consumers about how they can support local farmers when they shop for flowers this Mother's Day.  Mr. McCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.  