 President, last week we learned of the latest in the string of massive breaches of private information from cyber penetrations, this time of government personnel records held by the Office of Personnel Management.  In its annual worldwide threat assessment, the intelligence community this year ranked cyber intrusions and attacks as the No. 1 threat to our Nation's security. Cyber attacks and threats are also a major drag on our economy, with the theft of billions and billions of dollars of intellectual property and actual money from our Nation's businesses. Quite simply, cyber attacks are a major and growing threat to every aspect of our life.  It is with that background that Senator Burr and I began working early this year on a new cyber security information-sharing bill. It is a first-step bill, in that for sharing company to company or sharing cyber threat information directly with the government, a company would receive liability protection and therefore feel free to have this kind of constructive interchange.  The Senate Select Intelligence Committee produced the bill in the last Congress, but it didn't receive a vote. Chairman Burr and I have been determined not only to get a vote but to get a bill signed into law. It should be evident to everybody that the only way we will get this done is if it is bipartisan.  With significant compromises on both sides, we put together the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act, a bill approved in March by our Intelligence Committee by an overwhelming 14-to-1 vote. That bill has been ready for Senate consideration for nearly 3 months but has not yet been brought to the floor.  Last week's attack underscores why such legislation is necessary.  The Democratic leader told me many weeks ago that this issue is too important for political wrangling, that he would not seek to block or slow down consideration of the bill and would work to move the bill quickly. So the bill is ready for floor consideration.  Now, a number of my colleagues would like to propose amendments--as is their right--and I expect I would support some of them and would oppose some of them. The Senate should have an opportunity to fully consider the bill and to receive the input of other committees with jurisdiction in this area. Unless we do this, we won't have a bipartisan vote, I believe, because, like it or not, no matter how simple--and I have been through two bills now--this was not an easy bill to draft because there are conflicts on both sides.  Filing the cyber security bill as an amendment to the Defense authorization bill prompted a lot of legitimate and understandable concern from both sides of the aisle. People want debate on the legislation, and they want an opportunity to offer relevant amendments. To do this as an amendment--when Senator Burr discussed it with me, I indicated I did not want to go on and make that proposal--I think is a mistake.  I very much hope that the majority leader will reconsider this path, and that once we have finished with the Defense authorization bill, the Senate can take up, consider, and hopefully approve the cyber security legislation. I think if we do it any other way, we are in for real trouble, and this is the product of experience. So I very much hope that there can be a change in procedure and that this bill--I know our leader will agree--could come up directly following the Defense authorization bill.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  