 President, I thank the chairman very much. If I may, through the Chair, I want the chairman to know how much I appreciate this tack he has taken to be flexible and willing throughout this process, which extends into this managers' package. So I believe--I truly believe--what we have come up with in this managers' package and what Members have contributed to it makes it a better cyber bill. I know the chairman feels the same way. We can just march on shoulder to shoulder and hopefully get this done.  I will finish up the few other items I have to discuss because I want people who have concerns to listen to what is being said because these changes have a major impact on the bill.  Next, No. 17 establishes a process by which data on cyber security risks or incidents involving emergency response information systems can be reported. The managers' amendment adds Heitkamp amendment No. 2555, which requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a process by which a statewide interoperability coordinator may report data on any cyber security risk or incident involving emergency response information systems or networks. This is a process for reporting, and certainly we need to know more.  Next, No. 18 requires a report on the preparedness of the health care industry to respond to cyber security threats, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a health care industry cyber security task force. The managers' amendment adds Alexander-Murray amendment No. 2719. This is a reporting requirement to improve the cyber security posture of the health care industry.  I don't think anyone wants to have their health care data hacked into. This is deeply personal material and it should be inviolate.  The provision requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to submit a report to Congress on the preparedness of the health care industry to respond to cyber security threats. If we really want to help protect health care information, we have to know what is going on, and that is what this amendment enables. It also requires the Secretary to establish a health care industry cyber security task force.  Next is No. 19, which requires new reports by inspectors general. The managers' amendment adds a modified version of the Hatch amendment No. 2712, which requires relevant agency inspectors general to file reports with appropriate committees on the logical access standards and controls within their agencies.  Let's know what standards and what controls they have. I think it is a very prudent request of the Senator from Utah, and I am glad we were able to include it.  Next is No. 20, which adds a requirement for the DHS Secretary to develop a strategy to protect critical infrastructure at the greatest risk of a cybersecurity attack. The managers' amendment adds the Collins amendment No. 2623, which requires DHS to identify critical infrastructure entities at the greatest risk of a catastrophic cyber security incident.  This is where we have had a number of concerns recently. The chairman's staff and my staff are working on this. Remember, this is a voluntary bill, and we do not want any language that might be interpreted to imply that this is not a voluntary bill. I know Senator Collins has a lot of knowledge of this area, and I believe we are going to be able to work this out.  This amendment does not convey any new authorities to the Secretary of Homeland Security to require that critical infrastructure owners and operators take action, nor does it mandate reporting to the Federal Government. Its intent, which I applaud, is for the government to have a better understanding of those critical infrastructure companies that, if hacked, could cause extremely significant damage to our Nation.  In conclusion, I would like to thank my colleagues for their thoughtful and helpful amendments. I am pleased that we have such a fulsome managers' package. I believe this managers' package strengthens our bill. It adds important clarifications, including meaningful privacy protections, it does not do operational harm, and it further improves the strong bill that the Intelligence Committee passed by a strong vote of 14 to 1 earlier this year.  I wanted to do this so that all Members know what is in the managers' package, and both the chairman and I believe that these additions are in the best interests of making a good bill even better.  I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sasse). The Senator from Alaska.  