 President, I wish to speak in favor of the Clean Power Plan. This plan shows real American leadership when it comes to climate change, proof that we are taking responsibility for the world we leave to our children.  The debate over the Clean Power Plan is a question of whether we should take any action at all on climate change, a shocking question considering how long we have known about the ways we are harming the planet.  A recent report by Inside Climate News shows that Exxon scientists were warning the company's leadership about climate change as early as 1977. The Exxon scientists wrote: ``There is general scientific agreement that the most likely manner in which mankind is influencing the global climate is through carbon dioxide release from the burning of fossil fuels.''  Even before that, scientific advisers first cautioned the President about climate change in 1965--50 years ago this month--explaining that carbon dioxide from fossil fuels would ``almost certainly cause significant changes'' and ``could be deleterious from the point of view of human beings.''  And as far back as 1956, the New York Times reported early evidence connecting climate change with greenhouse gases from fossil fuel combustion. That prescient article concluded with a sad commentary: ``Coal and oil are still plentiful and cheap in many parts of the world, and there is every reason to believe that both will be consumed by industry as long as it pays to do so.''  Today, decades later, we not only have even more scientific evidence of climate change, we are actually seeing the real-world consequences of inaction.  This past September was the planet's warmest September in the 136-year history of weather records. The last 5 months in a row all set world records for hottest average temperatures.  Last year was the planet's hottest recorded year, and the last two decades include the 19 hottest years on record. Global sea levels rose 7 inches in the last century. And since the beginning of the industrial era, the acidity of the oceans has increased by 26 percent, which could destabilize the food chain.  My own home State of California is seeing firsthand the effects of higher temperatures and changing precipitation patterns. We are in the midst of an epic drought, which scientists say has been made 15 to 20 percent worse due to human-induced changes in the climate. This has made a drought into a disaster.  The Sierra snowpack, which accounts for a third of the State's drinking water, is down to 5 percent of its usual levels, the lowest in 500 years.  The wildfires in California are made even more terrifying by the hot, dry conditions. And the fire season now lasts 75 days longer than just 10 years ago, resulting in more and larger fires.  Southern California and the Central Valley have the worst air pollution in the country, home to six of the top seven regions of worst ozone smog pollution. This is made worse by hotter conditions.  But this is just the beginning. Unless we dramatically change course, children born today will witness calamitous changes to the world's climate systems in their lifetimes.  Sea levels will rise another 1 to 4 feet this century based on thermal expansion of the oceans and continued melting of land-based ice. This would inundate Miami Beach, the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, and 85 percent of New Orleans.  In addition, a portion of the west Antarctic ice sheet large enough to raise global sea levels by 4 feet has begun an irreversible collapse. We have to slow down this process as much as possible and make sure the same doesn't happen to the rest of Antarctica or Greenland.  By midcentury, ice-free summers in the Arctic Ocean could be routine. The global volume of glaciers is projectedto be reduced by up to 85 percent this century. And massive numbers of species will go extinct because many plant species cannot shift their geographical ranges quickly enough to keep up with the rate of climate change.  This future is unacceptable. We cannot leave future generations a planet in such terrible disrepair.  I will not see California become a desert State, with aquifers overrun by salt water and coastal cities overwhelmed by storm surges. My colleagues must understand that we will never relent in the fight to save the planet.  I understand some States are afraid of an economy without fossil fuel extraction. But I assure you that transitioning to a new economy will be easier than coping with the devastating effects of global warming.  That brings me to the issue we are debating today: the Clean Power Plan. Although the final rules were only recently completed by the EPA, the Supreme Court set us on this path 8 years ago when they found in effect that the Clean Air Act compelled the regulation of greenhouse gases.  It puts us on a path to cut national emissions from the electricity sector by 32 percent over the next 15 years, using tools that each State can tailor to its own unique situation. It is a remarkably flexible regulatory approach that will harness the ingenuity of the American people to confront and roll back the effects of climate change.  I know this approach can work because I have seen it work in California. In the last 10 years, the State has implemented a number of changes: an economywide cap-and-trade program to return statewide emissions back to their 1990 levels by 2020; a renewable portfolio standard requiring 50 percent renewable electricity by 2030; regulations to double energy efficiency by 2030; a low carbon fuel standard to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from transportation fuels at least 10 percent by 2020; and a program to reach 1 million zero-emission vehicles by 2020.  Here is the thing: even though California is making these changes, the State continues to grow. The economy grew by 2.8 percent last year, with a 1.3 percentage point reduction in the unemployment rate. Both of those figures are better than the national average.  As a result, California is already on track to meet or exceed the Clean Power Plan's targets. And more importantly, California's leadership is showing others just how much we can accomplish.  Internationally, California's cap-and-trade program was used as a model for China's cities and provinces. Now, President Obama has leveraged the ambition of the Clean Power Plan to convince the Chinese to combine their regional cap-and-trade programs into a national carbon strategy.  This is how bold leadership achieves results. And this December in Paris, the Clean Power Plan will serve as the keystone of America's national climate ambitions, helping convince the world that we will be the leaders we promise to be in combatting climate change.  The Senate shouldn't be considering a rejection of the Clean Power Plan. Our real responsibility is to find ways to be even more ambitious.  Today's vote changes nothing. If Congress were to pass this resolution to disapprove of the Clean Power Plan, the President's veto would not be overridden. The Clean Power Plan will be implemented.  I believe the Clean Power Plan will not only reduce greenhouse gas emissions, but that process won't be nearly as difficult as some now fear. The Clean Power Plan will be seen as one of the many important steps we took to stabilize global temperatures.  I truly think we are making headway in the fight against global warming. Environmentally conscious individuals are marking changes in their own lives, and those are driving changes in the economy and in State policies. Those changes spurred reform on the national level, and now, we are seeing real action on the global stage.  Today's ``show vote'' on the Clean Power Plan won't diminish those successes.  Thank you.  