 President, after many years of effort, the Senate is about to take its first vote to move forward on important cyber security legislation. As I stated in my remarks yesterday, this substitute makes 20 changes to the underlying bill. It includes 14 amendments offered by other Senators to improve privacy protections and ensure better cyber security for emergency services, the health care industry, and the Federal Government. As the chairman just said, we have been listening and we have tried to incorporate a substantial number of amendments in the managers' package.  This is a good bill. It is a first step. It is not going to prevent all cyber attacks or penetrations, but it will allow companies and the government to share information about the cyber threats they see and the defensive measures to implement in order to protect their networks.  Right now--and this is important--the same cyber intrusions are used again and again to penetrate different targets. That shouldn't happen. If someone sees a particular virus or harmful signature, they should be able to tell others so they can protect themselves. That is what this bill does--it clears away the uncertainty and concern that keep companies from sharing this information. It says that two competitors in a market can share information on cyber threats with each other without facing antitrust lawsuits. It says that companies sharing cyber threat information with the government for cyber security purposes have liability protection.  The bill is completely voluntary. I don't know how to say that over and over more times than I have. If you don't want to participate, don't. If a company wants to take the position that it can defend itself and doesn't want to participate in real-time sharing with the Department of Homeland Security, that is its right.  I thank my colleagues who came to the floor in support of this bill and this managers' amendment yesterday: Senators McConnell, Reid, Grassley, Nelson, McCain, King, Thune, Flake, Senator Carper in particular, Senator Blunt, and others. They have all described the need for this bill, and I so appreciate their support.  I urge my colleagues to support cloture on this substitute managers' package so that we can start moving on to other amendments that are pending.  I also thank Senator Burr and his staff. Over the past couple of days, they have been going through comments, proposing technical changes, and perfecting changes to the substitute. It is my understanding that Chairman Burr will ask a unanimous consent agreement on that perfecting amendment shortly.  I also thank Senator Collins for agreeing to changes in her provision, section 407, to start to address concerns that were raised by its inclusion.  I also want to thank Senators Whitehouse, Leahy, and Wyden for reaching an agreement on text that Senator Whitehouse very much wanted to include, and I am pleased we were able to include it in this unanimous consent package.  So I appreciate the support of my colleagues. I urge a strong ``yes'' vote on the cloture vote to allow us to proceed to this bill.  