 McCain, a question concerning this anti-torture provision, Section 1045.  Some have raised the concerns about the exemption in this provision for Federal law enforcement agencies. The concern is that this new provisionmight supersede other laws, rules, and guidance that apply to Federal law enforcement agencies. The language in the Senate-passed bill made clear that Federal law enforcement agencies could use interrogation techniques outside of the Army Field Manual if those techniques are authorized, noncoercive, and ``designed to elicit voluntary statements and do not involve the use of force, threats, or promises.''  Does the absence of this language in the conference report somehow open the door to the use of coercive interrogation techniques by those agencies? Is that the intent of the law enforcement exception in Section 1045?  Mr. McCAIN. No. I assure the Senator from California that this is not the case and that I would not have agreed to any such provision if it were. The conferees decided that the requirement that all U.S. interrogations be conducted in accordance with the Army Field Manual on interrogations should not apply to Federal law enforcement officials for two simple, straightforward reasons.  First, Federal law enforcement agencies already have an extensive and well-established set of rules and procedures concerning interrogations because law enforcement interrogations are by definition conducted to produce statements that are voluntary and admissible in court. Those rules and procedures strictly prohibit the use of coercive techniques.  Second, the U.S. Army Field Manual was not written with law enforcement circumstances in mind, and it is unnecessary to ask law enforcement agencies to use or adapt the Army Field Manual when they already have their own rules and procedures for noncoercive interrogations.  Since at least 2004, it has been the policy of the FBI that ``no attempt be made to obtain a statement by force, threats, or promises,'' according to the Legal Handbook for FBI Special Agents, as publicly recounted by the FBI general counsel in July 24, 2004, congressional testimony. This and other such rules and applicable restrictions are unaffected by this provision.  In short, we did not ``open the door'' to coercive techniques by law enforcement in any way. We left the existing law enforcement rules under current law and Executive order in place. Indeed, as the joint explanatory statement of managers in this conference report states: ``The conferees recognize that law enforcement personnel may continue to use authorized non-coercive techniques of interrogation, and that Army Field Manual 2-22.3 is designed to reflect best practices for interrogation to elicit reliable statements.''  Also, it should go without saying that the exemption for ``Federal law enforcement entities'' does not apply to the Central Intelligence Agency, Department of Defense, and the like, but rather includes entities like the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Department of Homeland Security, as specified.  It is false to suggest that the conferees in any way agreed to allow the use of coercive interrogations by law enforcement agencies. We have banned coercive interrogations because they are a stain on our national character, ineffective, and counterproductive to our foreign policy goals.  I did not work for more than a decade to preclude coercive interrogations only to agree to permit them so long as they are carried out by a different set of agencies. I did not, and this provision does no such thing. The rules and strictures on coercive interrogations by Federal law enforcement agencies are completely unaffected by this provision. I say that as the coauthor of the Senate amendment and as the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, who negotiated the agreement on the final language.  