 President, I rise today in support of the trade legislation before the Senate.  What we have done so far has been to consider:  No. 1, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015. This bill extends a number of trade preference programs related to Africa and Haiti. It also reauthorizes the Generalized System of Preferences Program, which expired in 2013.  No. 2, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. This bill includes new trade enforcement mechanisms to protect American workers from unfair trade practices. Thelegislation also includes a complete ban on importing goods created by child labor, which I strongly support.  No. 3, trade adjustment assistance. This bill reauthorizes Federal assistance for worker retraining and income support to those displaced by trade. In fiscal year 2013, 7,609 Californians received training under the program, so I believe it is critical that we continue this assistance.  No. 4, trade promotion authority. This bill authorizes the President to conclude free-trade agreements with our trading partners. In exchange, those agreements will receive an up-or-down vote in the Congress.  I voted for these bills because they will update our trade policy in a smart, effective way.  The process of considering these bills has enabled me to see the extraordinary importance of trade to California's economy.  In 2013, California's total gross domestic product was an estimated $2.2 trillion. That makes it the eighth largest economy in the world, surpassing that of Russia and Italy and soon to overtake Brazil. The services industry--both high-skilled professional services and lower skilled jobs in accommodation, food and administration--have lead California's economic recovery since the 2008 recession. In fact, 66 percent of all new jobs in California created over the past year were in services.  Trade is critical to sustaining this job growth. In 2013, California exported $114 billion in services, which was a 58-percent growth since 2006. California's services exports substantially contributed to the overall services trade surplus of the United States, which reached over $200 billion in 2013.  The Trans-Pacific Partnership is expected to boost services exports even more by prohibiting customs duties for digital products; applying the same nondiscrimination standards for digital goods as manufactured goods; prohibiting countries from requiring companies to transfer their technology, business processes, or intellectual property; and requiring strong and enforceable intellectual property rights. From Silicon Valley to Hollywood, these expected provisions will continue to drive California's services exports and our overall economy.  In 2014, California exported $174.1 billion in total merchandise goods, supporting more than 775,000 jobs. That is a near 11 percent increase in jobs since 2009.  Now, there is a common perception that only large businesses benefit from trade. That has not been the case in my State. Small and medium-sized businesses--and their employees--have led the way in merchandise exports in California. Some 75,175 companies exported from California in 2013, of which 95.8 percent--72,032--were small and medium-sized businesses. Increased trade could grant these firms with new opportunities to grow, and their employees could see higher wages as a result. According to an economist at Dartmouth's Tuck School of Business, businesses that export pay wages on average 15 percent more than firms that do not. For a high-cost State like California, higher wages are a top priority. Increasing our exports is a commonsense means to that end.  I am confident that the Trans-Pacific Partnership will help California's small and medium businesses and our overall economy because that has been my State's experience with our existing free-trade partners.  In 2014, of California's total merchandise exports, $70.4 billion were to nations with which the United States already has free-trade agreements. Over the past 10 years, exports from California to these free-trade partners grew by 50 percent. If the Trans-Pacific Partnership substantially reduces tariff barriers--as other agreements have--California's exports will benefit substantially.  Today, my State's exports of computers and electronic products face tariffs as high as 35 percent; transportation equipment face tariffs as high as 70 percent; machinery face tariffs as high as 70 percent; and health products face tariffs as high as 30 percent. Reducing tariffs on these manufactured goods has proven to be a boon to California's economy, and I hope we can keep moving in that direction.  Finally, California agriculture relies on export markets. The State's agricultural exports were valued $21.2 billion in 2013. That is far more than any other State. This trade has helped the state's agricultural industry become the largest by value in the United States. In fact, the California Department of Food and Agriculture reports that California's 77,900 farms produced $44.7 billion in output in 2013. This is a massive sum, and it will only grow with trade.  According to a U.S. Department of Agriculture study, under TPP nationwide agriculture exports are expected to increase 54 percent by 2025.  For California's products, reduced tariffs and scientific-based sanitary and phytosanitary standards will be key. For example, California dairy products face a tariff of up to 35 percent in Japan, while California walnuts face a tariff of 30 percent in Vietnam. In Australia, California beef has been blocked due in part to unfounded fears of mad cow disease. Reducing these trade barriers is expected to benefit dozens of agricultural commodities in my State--especially fruits, tree nuts, vegetables, dairy, beef, wine, confections, rice and citrus exports. In fact, TPP can sustain the growth of California's agricultural exports to those countries, which from 2009 to 2013 increased in value from $4.8 billion to $7.5 billion. Overall, it is apparent that the Trans-Pacific Partnership will continue to support the immense success of California's farmers, ranchers, and producers.  Mr. President, the fact is that California relies on trade. It has been critical for our economic recovery and will be vital for sustaining our growth. Therefore, I am pleased to support passage of trade promotion authority and trade adjustment assistance. With trade promotion authority in place, I hope the President can send to Congress strong and fair trade agreements.  While the Trans-Pacific Partnership holds tremendous promise, it is my hope that the Obama administration concludes a final agreement that I can support.  I look forward to reviewing the Trans-Pacific Partnership in the coming months.  