  Madam President, I just want to say a personal word to Chairman Burr, and maybe it is to everyone in this body. One of the things I have learned from two prior cyber bills is that if you really want to get a bill done, it has to be bipartisan, particularly a bill that is technical, difficult, and hard to put together, and a bill where often there are two sides. I thank you for recognizing this. We stood shoulder to shoulder and the right things happened, and now we can go to conference.  I also want to say that we did everything in this bill we possibly could to satisfy what were legitimate privacy concerns. The managers' package had 14 such amendments, and before that our staffs sat down with a number of proposals from Senators and went over literally dozens of additional amendments. So we took what we could.  When the chairman talks about the balance, what he means is that this is the first time the chamber of commerce has supported a bipartisan bill. This is the first time we had virtually all the big employers--banks and retailers and other companies--supporting a bipartisan bill because today everybody understands what the problem of cybersecurity is much greater. So we stood shoulder to shoulder, and you all responded, and I am very grateful.  There is still a lot of work to be done, but, Mr. Chairman, you and your staff have been terrific. I would like to single a couple of them out, if I might, in particular, Chris Joyner, Michael Geffroy, Jack Livingston, Janet Fisher, John Matchison, and Walter Weiss.  I also want to thank Tom Carper, who has been working to get this bill passed as much as anyone. He wrote one of the key changes in the managers' package to improve privacy as information moves through the DHS portal. He was supported by his chairman, Senator Johnson. He has been a close partner throughout the process, and I thank him.  I also thank Gabbie Batkin, Matt Grote, and the other members of Senator Carper's staff.  We had incredible support from our committee. It is a committee of 15--8 Republicans and 7 Democrats. I thank Senator Collins, who was particularly concerned about the critical infrastructure of this country, as well as Senators Mikulski, Whitehouse, King, Warner, Heinrich, Blunt, Nelson, and Coats. I know they will help us push this bill forward as we go to conference with the House.  I greatly appreciate the supporters of this bill outside the Senate, to include the U.S. chamber of commerce and the associations that have endorsed this bill, tech companies like IBM and Oracle, Secretary Jeh Johnson at the Department of Homeland Security, and NSA Directors Keith Alexander and Mike Rogers, and Lisa Monaco and Michael Daniel at the White House.  On my staff, I would like to thank David Grannis, our staff director on the minority side. David has been there for these previous cyber bills, and it has proven to be a very difficult issue. David, you are a 10.  I also thank Josh Alexander. Josh has been our lead drafter and negotiator and knows these cyber issues better than anyone. He has been tireless on reaching agreement after agreement on this bill, and is, as much as anybody, responsible for today's vote.  I would also like to thank my former cyber staffer Andy Grotto, as well as Mike Buchwald, Brett Freedman, Nate Adler, and Nick Basciano. Thank you all so very much.  Finally, I very much appreciate the work done by Ayesha Khanna in the Democratic leader's office and Jeffrey Ratner at the White House.  We have the administration behind the bill, we have the Department of Homeland Security behind the bill, and we have the editorial pages of the Washington Post and the Wall Street Journal, as well as the chamber of commerce, and most of the businesses of America.  So, Mr. Chairman, you did a great job, and thank you from the bottom of my heart.  