 I remember that in 2008 there were two significant cyber bank robberies: the Royal Bank of Scotland, I think for $8 million, and Citibank for $10 million. This was not public right away because nobody wanted it known. Then you see the more recent attacks of Aramcobeing taken down, Sony, and it goes on and on. The information is not often shared publicly by companies who should be asking: This happened to our company; can you share anything that might help us handle this? That kind of thing doesn't happen because everybody is afraid of liability, and so it is very concerning.  I remember when Joe Lieberman was chairman of the homeland security committee, which had a bill. As the Senator will remember, we had the information sharing part of that bill, and we sat down with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, I believe on three occasions, to try to work out differences, and we couldn't. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is massive and all over the United States. It includes small businesses, medium-sized businesses, and some big businesses, and there was deep concern among its members. That took years to work out.  Finally, the Senate may be ready to take a first step, and this first step is to permit the voluntary sharing of cyber information, which, if it is stripped of private data, will be protected with liability immunity and protected because it goes through a single DHS portal and doesn't go directly to the intelligence community, which was a big concern to the private community. All of this has been worked out in order to try to come up with a basis for taking this first step.  I am sorry the Senator is no longer on our committee because my friend was really a great asset, and Florida is lucky to have my friend and colleague as their Senator.  This is just the beginning. All of the iterations on this cyber legislation have been bipartisan, so that has to say something to people. We have learned as we have done the drafting on this, and we have very good staff who are technically proficient. So they know what can work and what can't work.  I hope I have answered that question from the Senator from Florida. If I can, I will go on and make some remarks on the managers' amendment.  Yesterday Senator Burr and I spoke on this floor to describe the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015, which is now the pending business. Senator Burr filed a managers' package on behalf of both of us, and I will quickly run through that package.  This amendment is the product of bipartisan negotiations over the past several weeks within the Intelligence Committee and with sponsors of other amendments to the bill. The managers' amendment makes several key changes to the bill to clarify authorization language, improve privacy protections, and make technical changes. It also--and I think this is of note--includes the text of 14 separate amendments. Those amendments were offered by our colleagues and I am pleased that we are able to add them to this legislation.  In sum, this amendment has two main components. It makes important changes to the bill that we announced in August to address privacy concerns about the legislation. Second, it includes several amendments authored by our colleagues that had agreement on both sides of the aisle. I will run through these amendments that will be part of the managers' package, and I do so hopefully to reassure Members that these are positive amendments.  First, it eliminates a provision on government use of cyber information on noncyber crime. The managers' amendment eliminates a provision in the committee-passed bill that would have allowed the government to use cyber information to investigate and prosecute ``serious violent felonies.'' Eliminating this provision is a very significant privacy change. We made this change because it has been a top bipartisan concern and the provision had been used by privacy groups to claim that this is a surveillance bill. As the chairman made clear on the floor yesterday, it is not. One of the reasons it is not is because it prohibits the government from using information for crimes unrelated to cyber security.  Let me be clear. The chairman said it, and I will say it today. This is not a surveillance bill. We have eliminated this provision and helped, I believe, to eliminate these concerns. So, please, let us not speak of this bill as something that it isn't.  Second, it limits the authorization to share cyber threat information to cyber security purposes. The managers' amendment limits the authorization for sharing cyber threat information provided in the bill to sharing for cyber security purposes only. This is another significant privacy change, and it has been another top bipartisan and privacy group concern.  Third, it eliminates a new FOIA exemption. The managers' amendment eliminated the creation of a new exemption in the Freedom of Information Act specific to cyber information that was in the committee-passed bill. Cyber threat indicators and defensive measures shared in accordance with the bill's procedures would still be eligible for existing FOIA exemptions, but it doesn't add new ones.  Four, it ensures that defensive measures are properly limited. The bill allows a company to take measures to defend itself, as one might expect, and the managers' amendment clarifies that the authorization to employ defensive measures does not allow an entity to gain unauthorized access to a computer network.  Five, it includes the Secretary of Homeland Security as coauthor of the government-sharing guidelines. The managers' amendment directs both the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security, rather than solely just the Attorney General, to develop policies and procedures to govern how the government quickly and appropriately shares information about cyber threats. That should be a no-brainer.  Six, it clarifies exceptions to the Department of Homeland Security's so-called portal. The managers' amendment clarifies the types of cyber information sharing that are permitted to occur outside the DHS portal created by the bill. Specifically, the bill narrows communications outside of the Department of Homeland Security portal regarding previously shared cyber threat information.  Seven, it requires procedures for notifying U.S. persons whose personal information has been shared by a Federal entity in violation of the bill. The managers' amendment adds a modified version of Wyden amendment No. 2622, which requires the government to write procedures for notifying U.S. persons whose personal information is known or determined to have been shared by the Federal Government in a manner inconsistent with this act.  Eight, it clarifies the real-time automated process for sharing through the DHS portal. Here the managers' amendment adds a modified version of the Carper amendment No. 2615, which clarifies that there may be situations under which the automated real-time process of the DHS portal may result in very limited instances of delay, modification or other action due to the controls established for the process. The clarification requires that all appropriate Federal entities agree in advance to the filters, fields or other aspects of the automated sharing system before such delays, modifications or other actions are permitted.  Senator Carper has played a very positive role on this issue. He is the ranking member on the homeland security committee. He sat down with both Senator Burr and me earlier this year. He has proposed some very good changes, and this is one of them, which is in the managers' package.  Also, the clarification ensures that such agreed-upon delays will apply across the board uniformly to all appropriate Federal entities, including the Department of Homeland Security.  This was an important change for both Senator Carper and Senator Coons and for the Department of Homeland Security. I am pleased we were able to reach agreement on it. Essentially, it will allow a fast real-time filter--and I understand this can be done--that will do an additional scrub of information going through that portal before the cyber information goes to other departments to take out anything that might be related to personal information, such as a driver's license number, an account, a Social Security number or whatever it may be. DHS believes they can put together the technology to be able to do that scrub in as close to real time as possible.  This should be very meaningful to the privacy community, and I really hope it is meaningful because I want to believe that their actions are not just to try to defeat this bill, but that their actions really are to make the bill better. If I am right, this is a very important addition.  Again, I thank Senator Carper and Senator Coons, and I also thank the chairman for agreeing to put this in.  Nine, it clarifies that private entities are not required to share information with the Federal Government or another private entity. This is clear now. This amendment adds the Flake amendment No. 2580, which reinforces this bill's core voluntary nature by clarifying that private entities are not required to share information with the Federal Government or another private entity.  In other words, if you don't like the bill, you don't have to do it. So it is hard for me to understand why companies are saying they can't support the bill at this time. There is no reason not to support it because they don't have to do anything. There are companies by the hundreds, if not thousands, that want to participate in this, and this we know.  Ten, it adds a Federal cyber security enhancement title. The managers' amendment adds a modified version of another Carper amendment, which is No. 2627, the Federal Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2015, as a new title II of the cyber bill. The amendment seeks to improve Federal network security and authorize and enhance an existing intrusion detection and prevention system for civilian Federal networks.  Eleventh, we add a study on mobile device security. The managers' amendment adds a modified version of the Coats amendment No. 2604, which requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to carry out a study and report to Congress on the cyber security threats to mobile devices of the Federal Government.  I wish to thank Senator Coats, who is a distinguished member of the Intelligence Committee and understands this bill well, for this amendment.  Twelfth, it adds a requirement for the Secretary of State to produce an international cyber space policy strategy. The managers' amendment adds Gardner/Cardin amendment No. 2631, which requires the Secretary of State to produce a comprehensive strategy focused on United States international policy with regard to cyber space.  It is about time we do something like this. I am personally grateful to both Senators Gardner and Cardin for this amendment.  Thirteenth, the managers' amendment adds a reporting provision concerning the apprehension and prosecution of international cyber criminals. The managers' amendment adds a modified version of Kirk-Gillibrand amendment No. 2603, which requires the Secretary of State to engage in consultations with the appropriate government officials of any country in which one or more cyber criminals are physically present and to submit an annual report to appropriate congressional committees on such cyber criminals.  It is about time that we get to the point where we can begin to make public more about cyber attacks from abroad because it is venal, it is startling, it is continuing, and in its continuation, it is growing into a real monster. Let there be no doubt about that.  Fourteenth, it improves the contents of the biennial report on implementation of the bill. The managers' amendment adds a modified version of the Tester amendment No. 2632, which requires detailed reporting on, No. 1, the number of cyber threat indicators received under the DHS portal process--good, let's know--and, No. 2, the number of times information shared under this bill is used to prosecute certain cyber criminals. If we can catch them, we should. We should know when prosecutions are made. Then, No. 3 is the number of notices that were issued, if any, for a failure to remove personal information in accordance with the requirements of this bill.  Mr. President, I am spending a great deal of time on these details because there are rumors beginning to circulate that the bill does this or does that, which are not correct. This managers' package is a major effort to encapsulate what Members on both sides had concerns about. And I think the numbers of Republican and Democratic amendments that are incorporated are about equal.  Fifteenth, this managers' amendment improves the periodic sharing of cyber security best practices with a focus on small businesses. The managers' amendment adds the Shaheen amendment No. 2597, which promotes the periodic sharing of cyber security best practices that are developed in order to assist small businesses as they improve their cyber security.  I think this is an excellent amendment and Senator Shaheen should be commended.  Sixteenth, the managers' amendment adds a Federal cyber security workforce assessment title. The managers' amendment adds Bennet-Portman amendment No. 2558, the Federal Cybersecurity Workforce Assessment Act, as a new title III to this bill. The title addresses the need to recruit a highly qualified cyber workforce across the Federal Government.  There are just a few more, but, again, I do this to show--and the chairman is here--that we have listened to the concerns from our colleagues and we have tried to address them, so nobody should feel we are ramming through a bill and that we haven't considered the views from others. The managers' amendment is, in fact, a major change to the bill that reflects this collegial--sometimes a little more exercised, but collegial--discussion. Does the chairman agree?  