  Respectfully, Senator, I do not believe that you know much about San Francisco. I am a lifelong San Franciscan. I served the city as a mayor for 9 years, president of the board of supervisors for 7 years, and another 8 years as supervisor. I believe I know something about the city of my birth, my education.  The reason for the defeat of the sheriff is multifaceted. It doesn't just begin with one thing, and I want you to know that.  With respect to the situation we spoke about, which is whether a local sheriff should in fact respond to a Federal Government request, if that request is for a detainer, if that request is for a communication, I believe very strongly that sheriff should do that. And was that part of the campaign of the sheriff that is going to be the sheriff-elect? I can't say with any specificity, but I can say that is my belief.  I think going overboard and punishing everybody makes very little sense. So I am hopeful the Department of Homeland Security, through its efforts with the PEP program, will be able to secure cooperation from the city and county of San Francisco. If it does not, then that is another story. But I believe the Department is making headway in discussions with other communities that are in fact sanctuary cities.  Since we are on the subject, in 1985, as mayor of the city, I was the first person to be sought out by the archbishop who asked for a brief reprieve or a reprieve for nuns from El Salvador, and that was the first piece of legislation. It was small and it was restricted to a country that was in a civil war with some terrible things happening. Since that time, the sanctuary concept has expanded considerably and, to some extent, I think far beyond what it should be. But I think the way to do this is through hearings and discussion among the Members and not with over-the-top rhetoric that moves visceral impulses--because we have to live, Senator, by the public policy we espouse, and we have to know that it is wise and prudent. I deeply believe that.  So I just wanted to clarify the record, and I thank the Senator for allowing me to do so.  I yield the floor, and I object.  