'' The second is in today's Wall Street Journal, and it is entitled ``A Cyber Defense Bill, At Last: Data sharing can improve security and consumer privacy.''  I also note the endorsement from Secretary Jeh Johnson on October 22.  I have been privileged to work with our chairman. We have really tried to produce a balanced bill. We have tried to make it understandable to private industry so that companies understand it and are willing to cooperate. This bill will allow companies and the government to voluntarily share information about cyber threats and the defensive measures they might be able to implement to protect their networks.  Right now, the same cyber intrusions are used again and again to penetrate different targets. That shouldn't happen. If someone sees a particular virus or harmful cyber signature, they should tell others so they can protect themselves.  That is what this bill does. It clears away the uncertainty and the concerns that keep companies from sharing this information. It provides that two competitors in a market can share information on cyber threats with each other without facing anti-trust suits. It provides that companies sharingcyber threat information with the government for cyber security purposes will have liability protection.  As I have said many times, the bill is completely voluntary. If a company doesn't want to share information, it does not have to.  Today, we will vote on up to seven amendments. As late as this morning, Senator Burr and I have been working to see if we can reach agreement to accept or voice vote some of them, and I hope these discussions will be successful. However, I remain in agreement with Chairman Burr that we will oppose any amendments that undo the careful compromises we have made on this bill. Over the past 10 months, we have tried to thread a needle in fact to draft a bill that as I said gives the private sector the insurances it needs to share more information while including privacy protections to make sure Americans' information is not compromised.  I see on the floor the ranking member of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, the distinguished Senator from Delaware, and I thank Senator Carper for all he has done to help us and also to make what I consider a major amendment on this bill, which as you know has been accepted.  Several of today's amendments would undo this balance. Senators Wyden, Heller, and Franken have amendments that would lead to less information sharing. Each of them would replace clear requirements that are now in the bill on what a company or a government must do prior to sharing information with a new subjective standard that would insert the concern of legal liability.  I would offer to work with these Senators and others as the bill moves forward and hopefully goes into conference to see if there is a way to achieve their goals without interfering with the bill's goal of increasing information sharing.  Senator Leahy's amendment would similarly decrease the amount of sharing by opening up the chances of public disclosure through the Freedom of Information Act of cyber threats shared under this bill. While the bill seeks to share information about the nature of cyber threats and suggestions on how to defend networks, this information should not be made widely available to hackers and cyber criminals who could use it for their own purposes.  Senator Burr and I worked closely with Senators Leahy and Cornyn in putting together the managers' package to remove a FOIA exemption that they viewed as unnecessary and harmful. I am pleased we were able to reach that agreement. However, the FOIA exemption that remains in the bill is needed to encourage companies to share this information, and I would oppose this amendment.  The President has an amendment on the other side of the spectrum which I will also strongly oppose. This amendment would basically undo one of the core concepts of this bill. Instead of requiring cyber information to go through a single portal at the Department of Homeland Security, it would allow companies to share cyber information directly with the FBI or the Secret Service and still provide full liability protection.  This change runs afoul of one of the most important privacy protections in the bill, which was to limit direct sharing of this cyber information with the intelligence community or with law enforcement. In other words, everything will go through the portal first, where it will receive an additional scrub to remove any residual personal information and then go to the respective departments. In this way the privacy is kept by not being able to misuse the authority to provide unrelated information directly to departments.  If there is a crime, companies should be able to share information with law enforcement--I agree with that--but that is not what this bill is about. This bill is about sharing cyber information on threats so there can be greater awareness and better defenses.  When there is a cyber crime and law enforcement is called in, we are talking about very different information. When the FBI investigates, it takes entire databases and servers. It looks at everything--far beyond the cyber information that could be lawfully shared in this act. So sharing with the FBI outside of the DHS portal may be appropriate in certain cases but not as a parallel option for cyber threat information.  In fact, our bill already makes clear in section 105(c)(E) that it ``does not limit or prohibit otherwise lawful disclosures of communications, records, or other information, including reporting of known or suspected criminal activity.'' I would just refer to this chart which quotes section 105(c). It says exactly that.  This amendment would undo the key structure of this bill--the central portal for sharing information located at the Department of Homeland Security--and decrease the ability of the government to effectively manage all the cyber information it receives. So I will oppose this amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same.  I very much appreciate that the Senate will complete its consideration of this bill today. We still have a long way to go. We have to conference the House bill with our bill. I want to make this offer, and I know I think I speak for the chairman as well, that we are happy to work with any Member as we go into conference, but I hope we can complete these last few votes without upsetting the careful negotiations and compromise we have been able to reach.  Again, I thank the Chair.  I yield back the remainder of my time, and I yield the floor.  