com has created virtual brothels where children      are bought and sold using euphemistic labels such as      ``escorts.''  This is a quote from a letter to this effect--I don't want anybody to think this is what I am saying, it is what they are saying.       The use of the term ``adult services sections'' on websites      such as Backpage.com has created virtual brothels where      children are bought and sold using euphemistic labels such as      ``escorts.''  Put simply, if you have knowledge that an advertisement placed on your Web site is for commercial sex with a minor, then you should be prosecuted. That is what our amendment would do.  I have no doubt that prohibiting misconduct by a Web site owner is constitutional. As the Supreme Court has held on several occasions: ``Offers to engage in illegal transactions are categorically excluded from First Amendment protection.''  In fact, the Supreme Court in 1973 wrote: ``We have no doubt that a newspaper constitutionally could be forbidden to publish a want ad proposing a sale of narcotics or soliciting prostitutes.''  This amendment targets illegal conduct--commercial sex with minors--that would not be protected by the First Amendment.  It imposes liability on Web sites that know that their sites are being used to advertise minors for sex.  In conclusion, the Internet has made this industry what it is, the second largest criminal industry in the world, second only to drugs, and it is up to us to do something about it.  One of our duties in this body is to protect the most vulnerable of individuals. That includes children, and this is what this amendment does.  Some say other parts of the bill will help stop sex trafficking, and we don't need to touch the Internet. That makes no sense to me. Seventy-six percent of sales of sex trafficking victims begin on the Internet. So you can just toucha small part of it--this touches 76 percent of victims.  We cannot allow these Web sites to continue to operate with impunity. It is time to take a stand, stop the ads, and stop the exploitation of children.  I look forward to Senator Kirk coming to the floor, presenting our amendment, assuming we can get past this block. This is so much more important than putting the Hyde amendment, cloaked in difficult language, in this bill, when the House bill doesn't contain it. The House understands that it is going to have difficulty passing it with this in the bill. Why isn't that recognized in this House? If they take that out, this bill swims through.  