 I believe it goes much too far. My longer statement is in the Record, but I want to respond to some of what I heard today. I do believe we should ensure that there is a notification prior to release of a dangerous individual with a criminal record, just as Senator Schumer said on this floor. I do believe we could take a narrow action to do just that. We could focus on dangerous individuals and not on all undocumented immigrants who happen to be taken into State or local custody. We could require notification without threatening vital law enforcement and local government funding, as Senator Vitter's bill does.  I had an amendment prepared for the Judiciary Committee's consideration when the committee had scheduled the bill for markup over a series of weeks, but the committee canceled its markup, so we were on the floor today with a bill that has never been heard in full by the Judiciary Committee.  Senator Vitter's bill includes a notification requirement and a detention requirement. It is not limited to those who are dangerous or have particular criminal records. It would cover a farmworker who was detained for a broken taillight or a mother who was detained for similar reasons, taking her away from her children. This is a standard that could be abused in another administration, and it is potentially a huge unfunded mandate to impose on States and localities.  The bill would also impose lengthy criminal sentences at the Federal level for individuals coming across the border to see their families or to perform work that is vital to the economy of California and the Nation. For example, in California, virtually the majority, if not all, of the farmworkers are undocumented. It happens to be a fact. It is why the agriculture jobs bill was part of the immigration reform act which was before this body and passed this body and went to the House and had no action.  Although Members on the other side state that this bill has support among law enforcement, I will note that the Major Cities Chiefs Association, the Major County Sheriffs' Association, the Fraternal Order of Police, the United States Conference of Mayors, and the National League of Cities are opposed to this bill or have submitted letters opposing threats to Federal law enforcement funding over this issue.  So, bottom line, I do believe we should do something about the circumstance that led to the tragic murder of Kate Steinle, which occurred in my city and State, and the tragic murder of Marilyn Pharis, which happened in the middle part of my State. I will support a reasonable effort to do just that, but this is not a targeted effort. It is too broad, and so I opposed it. My full statement is in the Record, but because it was spoken about on the floor, I did want to add these words.  I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor.  