 President, I rise today to speak about the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act.  I intend to vote for this bill because it provides appropriate congressional review of a tremendously important executive agreement that is now being negotiated by the world's major powers and Iran.  First of all, I want to point out that a final agreement with Iran would not be a treaty. It would be an executive agreement which follows agreements in the past going back at least until 1972.  In 1972, President Nixon signed the Shanghai Communique, which reestablished relations with China.  In 1975, the Ford administration signed the Helsinki Final Act, which eased tensions between the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War.  In 1986, at Reykjavik, Iceland, President Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev discussed the possibility of complete nuclear disarmament. Even though no agreement was made, Reykjavik laid the groundwork for the 1987 Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty and the 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty.  The next year, in 1987, the Reagan administration established the Missile Technology Control Regime. To this day it helps restrict the proliferation of nuclear-capable missiles and related technology.  In 2013, the United States and Russia came together and disarmed Syria of its most lethal chemical weapons.  Like a potential deal with Iran on its nuclear program, these examples are not treaties and did not require formal ratification by the Senate.  That said, I don't believe there has been an agreement in recent memory that has been as difficult or as complicated as the P5+1 negotiations.  Perhaps more than any other single subject in the 22 years I have been in the Senate, there has never been more secure briefings--both for the leadership of national security committees and the entire Senate--as we have received on the negotiations with Iran.  This constant engagement with Congress has created an opportunity for us to get involved in a constructive manner.  The elected representatives of this country should have an opportunity to weigh-in on and review this agreement.  Several bills have been offered by the Banking Committee and the Foreign Relations Committee, but I believe the bill that was negotiated by Senators Corker and Cardin is an appropriate mechanism for Congress to review any agreement with Iran.  What this legislation is about is an agreement preventing Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. Nothing else. To put other issues on this bill jeopardizes the agreement taking shape between the United States, Russia, Germany, China, France, and the U.K. And that is because the only thing discussed in the negotiation has been a nuclear agreement.  Rather than adding extra issues, we should be evaluating the final agreement as it comes together over the coming months.  The bottom line is that this bill--as currently written--does not interfere with the ongoing negotiations. Adding extra issues at this time, no matter how important they may be, could derail diplomacy. As such, I will oppose them.  If a final agreement is reached, the bill requires Congress to review it within 30 days. If Members wish to prevent implementation of the agreement, the bill requires two-thirds of the Senate to vote in favor of a resolution of disapproval. The bill's requirement of an overwhelming majority to disapprove provides significant deference to the President, which is entirely appropriate. If an overwhelming majority of the Congress stands in opposition to an agreement, there is a high likelihood that the agreement will not work regardless of passage, since Congress would likely not vote to lift sanctions--something that has to be factored in to any long-term agreement.  I would like to speak briefly on the framework agreement announced on April 2, 2015. In my view it is strong and deserves to be supported.  For me, the technical assessment of Energy Secretary Moniz is critical. Secretary Moniz is an extremely distinguished nuclear physicist and a man I deeply respect. According to Secretary Moniz, the framework blocks Iran's four possible pathways to a nuclear weapon. Those are the plutonium pathway through the Arak heavy water reactor, the uranium pathway through the Natanz facility, the uranium pathway through the Fordow facility, and the covert pathway, where Iran enriches nuclear material for a weapon in secret.  When each of these pathways is explained in detail, the strength of the framework is apparent.  First, the agreement requires Iran to redesign the Arak heavy water reactor, making it impossible to produce weapons-grade plutonium. Iran will be required to ship the reactor's spent fuel abroad for the life of the reactor; prohibited from building another heavy water reactor, and indefinitely barred from researching the critical technologies needed to build a plutonium weapon. Under the framework, Iran will be prevented from developing a plutonium bomb forever.  Second, with regard to the Fordow facility, Iran will not be able to store nuclear material or conduct any enrichment-related research and development at the site. Only 1,000 of Iran's least efficient centrifuges will remain in the facility, about a third of what it has today. And they will not be used to enrich uranium. The facility, set deep in a mountainside, will become a nuclear medical research center, not a proliferation risk.  Third, with regard to Natanz, Iran will operate no more than 5,060 of its first-generation centrifuges, and it will enrich uranium far short of weapons grade. As Secretary Moniz has said, not only are the 5,060 centrifuges a stark decrease from their current inventory of nearly 20,000, but they are Iran's oldest and least capable model. Iran will place its more-advanced and more-capable second-generation centrifuges in storage under IAEA seal and supervision. Natanz will be the only location where Iran is permitted to enrich uranium, and solely for peaceful purposes.  Further, Iran will not be able to stockpile much of the material it can enrich at Natanz. Iran will only retain 300 kilograms of uranium gas enriched to 3.67 percent. That is a fraction of the nearly 10,000 kilograms of near-5 percent enriched uranium it has today.  Finally, the framework agreement blocks Iran's covert pathway to a nuclear weapon. The framework requires unprecedented inspection of all of Iran's nuclear facilities, including suspect sites.  In addition, Secretary Moniz notes that this access applies to ``the full uranium supply chain, from mines to centrifuge manufacturing and operation.''  Having eyes on Iran's entire supply chain makes it impossible for Iran to breakout using covert facilities. For instance, if uranium cannot be accounted for or if centrifuges go missing, the onus will be on Iran to explain what happened. If it cannot do so, sanctions can--and will--be reimposed. Iran will also be required to implement the Additional Protocol and Modified Code 3.1, which forever increase Iran's obligations to provide access to all of its nuclear sites anywhere in the country.  The combination of strict limits on Iran's nuclear program and highly intrusive inspections will extend Iran's breakout time--that is the time it would need to develop enough nuclear material for one nuclear weapon--from the estimated 2 to 3 months today to a year.  Under the framework, the international community will know if Iran attempts to skirt its obligations and will have sufficient time to respond.  If the P5+1 nations and Iran reach a final accord that reflects the framework agreement, Iran will be blocked from developing a nuclear weapon.  In addition to this important goal, an agreement could possibly reopen Iran to the world. It could provide Iran an opportunity to decrease its destabilizing activities in the region. A deal could potentially lead Iran to drop its financial and military support for Hezbollah and other proxies. Perhaps more importantly, the nuclear deal could open the door to soliciting the help of Iran and Russia on an intractable and to date unsolvable issue: ending the Syrian civil war.  The regime, backed by Iran, of Bashar al-Assad has killed more than 200,000 of its own people and continues to commit war crimes with chemical weapons. Besides the sheer magnitude of the death toll, the manner in which Assad has killed so many--through the continued use of chemical weapons, barrel bombs, and even starvation--is abhorrent.  Further engagement with Iran could also aid our efforts to rid Iraq and Syria of ISIL and its grotesque campaign of terror.  It is far from certain that Iran will change its behavior, but it is far more likely with a nuclear deal than without. Without an agreement, the likelihood of a major military confrontation in the Middle East--as well as more chaos and instability--increases dramatically. This is to no one's benefit. Without an agreement, Iran's nuclear program would be unconstrained, directly jeopardizing the security of our partners and allies in the region, including Israel.  Mr. President, I intend to vote for this bill so that a comprehensive agreement with Iran will be strengthened by congressional review. It is my hope that this bill does not become a vehicle to scrap a verifiable agreement capable of preventing Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. The coming months will bear that out.  