 President, I rise today to discuss the votes the Senate will soon take relating to three expiring provisions in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.  I will vote to support the USA FREEDOM Act, the bill passed by the House last week by a vote of 338 to 88, and strongly urge my colleagues to do the same. In my view, this is the only action that we can take right now that will prevent important intelligence authorities from expiring at the end of next week.  Let me describe the situation in a little more detail.  On Monday morning at 12:01 a.m. on June 1, three separate sections of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, will expire. Two of those provisions were first added to FISA in 2001 in the USA PATRIOT Act, shortly after the terrorist attacks of September 11. They are the business records section, also known as section 215, and the roving wiretap provision.  The business records provision was originally intended to allow the government to go to the FISA Court to get an order to be able to obtain a variety of records relevant to an investigation. The authority was, and remains, very important for the FBI.  Since 2006, the business records authority in FISA has also been used by the NSA to get telephone metadata records from telephone companies--the records of the telephone numbers and the time and duration of a call. Metadata does not include the content or the location or names of the individuals on the phone.  The roving wiretap provision allows the government to use surveillance authorities under FISA, pursuant to a court order, against an individual who seeks to evade surveillance by switching communication devices. If a terrorist gets a new cell phone or changes an email address, the government can continue surveillance on that individual under the same probable causewarrant from the FISA court rather than having to go back to the Court for authority to collect information from each new phone number or email address.  The third provision, the so-called ``lone wolf'' provision, was added in 2004 over concern that the intelligence community may not be able to gather information on a known terrorist if it could not demonstrate his membership in a specific terrorist group. Given the threat we face today from individuals inspired by ISIL, for example, that threat is even more real today than it was a decade ago.  These provisions have been reviewed by the Intelligence and the Judiciary Committees for many years and have been subject to enormous public scrutiny.  For more than a year, there has been a strong desire by the American public, supported by the President and by the House of Representatives, to make a basic change in the use of the business records authority. That change is to end the bulk collection of phone records by the NSA and to replace it with a system for the government to get a FISA Court order to be able to obtain a much more specific set of records from the telecommunications providers when there is a ``reasonable, articulable suspicion'' that a phone number is associated with a foreign terrorist group.  The Director of National Intelligence and the Attorney General have written to the Senate to indicate their support for this change, which they state ``preserves essential operational capabilities of the telephone metadata program and enhances other intelligence capabilities needed to protect our nation and its partners.''  I would also note that the USA FREEDOM Act will allow private companies that receive requests and orders from the government to produce information, at their own discretion, that allows them to be more transparent about those requests and orders from the government. I support this additional transparency and thank the sponsors of the USA FREEDOM legislation for including it.  I have spoken to a number of technology companies, including several founded and based in California, that believe that transparency is not only good policy but that it will help them show publicly that their products and services are secure and independent from government control.  So the choice before the Senate today is a clear one: whether to vote for the only sure way to continue the use of important intelligence authorities in a way that has the support of the American people, the President, the intelligence community, and the Department of Justice or to hope that the authorities will be renewed for 2 months despite clear communications from the House that it will not support such an extension.  FBI Director Comey said earlier this week that the expiration of the business records and roving wiretap authorities would be a ``huge problem,'' and I believe him.  Given the wide range of threats facing Americans, both at home and abroad--particularly from ISIL and Al Qaeda--we should not allow these valuable authorities to expire.  To me, this is an easy choice, and I will support the USA FREEDOM Act.  