 Many of my colleagues who recently complained about the process regarding consideration of this bill were some of the same people who took every measure to block all consideration of GSE reform. Actions have consequences, and in this particular instance, they were almost immediate. As soon as it was apparent that GSE reform was dead, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac took steps to dramatically increase their risk.  The Government Accountability Office, GAO, detailed this in a September 2009 report. The GAO discovered that in 2004 and 2005, the enterprises:       . . . embarked on aggressive strategies to purchase      mortgages and mortgage assets with questionable underwriting      standards. For example, they purchased a large volume of what      are known as Alt-A mortgages, which typically did not have      documentation of borrowers' incomes and had higher loan-to-     value ratios or debt-to-income ratios.       Furthermore, purchases of private-label MBS increased      rapidly as a percentage of retained mortgage portfolios from      2003 to 2006. By the end of 2007, the enterprises      collectively held more than $313 billion in private-label      mortgage-backed securities, of which $94 billion was held by      Fannie Mae and $218.9 billion held by Freddie Mac.  Recently, Daniel Mudd, Fannie Mae's former chief operating officer and chief executive officer, testified:       While the market was changing, Fannie Mae struggled to meet      aggressively increasing HUD goals. The goals were extremely      challenging, increased significantly every year, and      permitted no leeway to account for the challenging lending      environment. Certain mortgages that may not have met our      traditional standards could not be ignored.  While Mr. Mudd may be correct that these mortgages aided their ability to meet their HUD goals, it also should benoted that the GAO in this same report did not see these purchases as a benefit to their mission, stating:       The rapid increase in the enterprises' mortgage portfolios      and the associated interest-rate risk did not result in a      corresponding benefit to the achievement of their housing      mission.  Ultimately, this increased risk played a significant role in the demise of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  I would like to read one final section of that 2009 GAO report here this afternoon.       According to the Federal Housing Finance Administration,      while these questionable mortgage assets accounted for less      than 20 percent of the enterprises' total assets, they      represented a disproportionate share of credit-related losses      in 2007 and 2008.       For example, by the end of 2008, Fannie Mae held      approximately $295 billion in Alt-A loans, which accounted      for about 10 percent of the total single-family mortgage book      of business. Similarly, Alt-A mortgages accounted for nearly      half of Fannie Mae's $27.1 billion in credit losses of its      single-family guarantee book of business in 2008.       At a June 2009 congressional hearing, former OFHEO Director      James Lockhart said that 60 percent of the triple-A rated      private label MBS purchased by the enterprises had since been      downgraded to below investment grade. He also stated that      investor concerns about the extent of the enterprises'      holdings of such assets and the potential associated losses      compromised their capacity to raise needed capital and issue      debt at acceptable rates.  Madam President, we all know what happened once they were unable to raise capital, but let's also remember the consequences that followed our failure to properly regulate Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  Charles Duhigg of the New York Times, part of a group of journalists who produced ``The Reckoning,'' a series that explored the roots of the financial crisis, wrote in 2008 that:       The ripple effect of Fannie's plunge into riskier lending      was profound. Fannie's stamp of approval made shunned      borrowers and complex loans more acceptable to other lenders,      particularly small and less sophisticated banks.  James Lockhart supported this conclusion in his testimony before the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission on April 9 of this year when he observed that the GSEs:       . . . indirectly encouraged lower standards by purchasing      private label securities. They also encouraged lower      standards by not aggressively pursuing the obligations to      repurchase mortgages if they did not comply with the      enterprises' underwriting requirements.  Madam President, during the debate on this bill before us, we have heard numerous times that we need to have a tighter grip on Wall Street to prevent those large Wall Street firms from harming small businesses on Main Street.  If only my Democratic colleagues had been less concerned with Wall Street's reaction in 2004 and 2005, perhaps we could have protected not only those less sophisticated smaller banks on Main Street but also the millions of consumers caught up in the resulting inflated housing market and the millions of taxpayers who have had to foot the bill for the resulting debacle. Instead, the stalling of this legislation by Democrats at that time ended any attempts of meaningful GSE reform until mid-2008, when Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were already in serious trouble.  The simple truth is that we didn't act when we could have effected real change. Republicans were ready to enact real reform and--unfortunately for the taxpayer--Democrats were not. Let's not make the same mistake again here today.  The McCain-Shelby-Gregg GSE amendment takes several important steps to reform the GSEs. It provides transparency to the conservatorships of the GSEs by establishing much needed investigative oversight. It also requires Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to be included in the Federal budget as long as they are in conservatorship or receivership status. It reestablishes taxpayer protections that were abolished by the Obama administration last Christmas Eve, and it requires that Congress be involved in any decision to spend additional resources to stabilize the housing markets. Finally, it establishes a definite end to the ongoing conservatorships of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and paves a responsible path forward by refocusing their efforts, installing proper safeguards, and untangling the U.S. taxpayer from this mess.  I urge my Democratic colleagues to ignore Wall Street and the special interests lobbying against this amendment. Join the Republicans in doing something good for the American taxpayer--support the McCain-Shelby-Gregg amendment.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  