 President, first, I thank Senator Dodd for his leadership on the Banking Committee. I worked with him, as he said, day-in and day-out, and this is the fourth year of his chairmanship. We have achieved a lot together in a bipartisan way.  Both sides of the aisle are working together for a common goal. We share a lot of these goals. What are some of the goals?  Ending bailouts. Senator Dodd and I both believe that nothing should be too big to fail--financial institutions and, I believe, manufacturing and anything else. Nothing should be too big to fail. We are working toward that end.  Protecting consumers. We are very interested in a consumer agency. We want to balance that, while protecting the deposit insurance fund and so forth.  Regulating derivatives. Let's be honest, they played a big role--a lot of them in the closet, unknown, and so forth--in our financial debacle. Derivatives are used every day legitimately by so many of our businesses, not only in America but all over the world. So we need to regulate derivatives while protecting jobs and our economic growth. It is a common desire. Details matter here. The Presiding Officer understands that. Senator Dodd understands it very well.  As we are moving down the road in the process, we are continuing to negotiate and to do it in good faith, trying to reach a common goal. Who knows what will happen between now and Monday or next Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday. I hope it is a bipartisan bill and that we can gather a lot of people on both sides of the aisle to support it. I think that is one of our goals.  What is the main goal? To do it right. Don't just do it, but do it right. Will it be perfect? Nothing is perfect, as Senator Dodd talks about. But if we work in good faith, as we are trying to while the process is going forward, I think we can make some real progress toward the common goal--to have a strong financial system that is well regulated, to have derivatives that are brought out of the closet to work, and to have a consumer agency that will work for all of us. There are many other things, but that is my goal, and I share that with Senator Dodd.  I yield the floor.  