 President, as drafted, the bill we are considering this week allows for bailouts. As a result, what my friends on the other side like to call Wall Street reform is actually a Wall Street dream and a Main Street nightmare for all of us.  Over the last several weeks, I have clearly articulated what needs to be changed in the underlying bill becausewe must do everything we can to create a credible resolution regime that protects not only our financial system but, more importantly, the American taxpayer.  Fortunately, the chairman of the Banking Committee, Senator Chris Dodd, and I have worked through a number of issues and resolved to my satisfaction the concerns that some of us have expressed about government bailouts.  I believe it is simply unacceptable to expose innocent taxpaying American families to the excessively risky practices of Wall Street gamblers who are happy to enjoy the upside but want to socialize the downside.  Mr. President, taxpayers should not incur losses from the bad outcome of private risks they did not undertake. In order to achieve this, the Dodd-Shelby amendment that we will offer eliminates the $50 billion bailout fund--some people have called it the ``honey pot.'' It would significantly tighten up language in the bill dealing with the Federal Reserve's ability to provide liquidity to the financial system in times of severe market distress. It requires the approval of the Treasury Secretary before the Federal Reserve can undertake any emergency lending. It also establishes strict solvency and collateral requirements for any emergency Fed lending. It establishes strict accountability standards for any emergency Federal lending.  All of this is something we didn't have 18 months ago when the financial crisis came upon us. Together, we have tightened the resolution language to ensure that the creditors of failing firms will receive bankruptcy-like treatment.  A resolution regime for large failing financial institutions is simply not credible unless we make clear in language that backdoor bailouts are impossible. In this amendment we will be offering, we have significantly tightened up language in the bill dealing with the provision of debt guarantees by the FDIC and the Treasury. Any such guarantee will now require prior congressional approval.  We have also clarified and tightened the language in the bill regarding resolution and the powers of the Fed, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Treasury, and others to prevent bailouts. We have included provisions requiring postresolution reviews to determine whether regulators did all they were supposed to do to prevent the failure of a systemically significant institution. Such a review, I believe, is essential to hold regulators accountable for their actions, or inaction, as the case may be.  I believe we must put an end to the ad hoc responses of the Federal Government, which only lead to fear and panic. I believe these changes will help us do that.  I thank the committee chairman, Senator Chris Dodd, for working with me to tighten the language in this part of the bill. I also thank our respective staffs who have worked day and night and weekend after weekend to get us where we are this afternoon.  All of these changes are important and necessary to make bailouts a thing of the past. With these changes, I believe we have done what Congress can do to prevent any future bailouts. It will now be up to the regulators to follow the law and do what we expect them to do.  I strongly support these changes, and I urge my colleagues to support them as well. However, I don't want to leave the impression that I support the entire bill at this time because we are making these necessary changes. We are not there yet.  Beyond resolution and government powers in a crisis, this over 1,500-page bill contains a broad reach into the global financial system and the American economy. Now that we are over this particular hurdle, we will be addressing many additional concerns we have in the coming days. For now, this afternoon, I am pleased to join with Chairman Dodd in supporting this amendment.  