 President, a key part of the bill we are considering is title VII, which we all know addresses the regulation of the over-the-counter--OTC--derivatives markets. While there is still debate among us regarding the root cause of the financial crisis, there is no debate that the lack of transparency in the OTC derivatives market was a contributing factor to the financial debacle.  When Lehman Brothers failed, there were press reports that banks and other large financial institutions had written credit default swaps--we call them CDSs--on Lehman Brothers that could potentially result in $360 billion in cash payouts. As it turned out, though, the number was less than $6 billion. But a lot of needless anxiety preceded the realization that the cash payouts on Lehman Brothers' CDS contracts were manageable. The regulators simply did not have the information they needed to know about the magnitude of the problem they faced.  Limited regulatory information also played a role in the demise of AIG. It is worth remembering that AIG's problems arose both in its regulated insurance subsidiaries, which were exposed to the troubled subprime mortgage market through their securities lending programs, and in its financial products unit, which sold credit default protection for subprime mortgage products and other customized derivatives products.  AIG's financial products unit, on the strength of its credit rating, built up an extremely large, one-sided book of swaps transactions. The contracts were written in such a way that when AIG's credit rating was downgraded, AIG, you will remember, was forced to post collateral on all these transactions.  Regulators at that time did not have the flow of information about OTC derivatives transactions to see this problem building. Without this information, they obviously could not take steps to address the problem.  I believe the AIG bailout and the Lehman Brothers failure provided us with one simple lesson that should serve as the basic test for any OTC derivatives legislation proposal. The lesson is that prudential and market regulators must have the tools to properly oversee OTC swaps markets. The lack of transparency regarding counterparty exposures and the lack of adequate regulatory tools made it difficult for regulators to respond quickly and effectively to this financial crisis 18 months ago.  Unfortunately, the Lincoln-Dodd derivatives bill fails that most basic test. The Lincoln-Dodd bill does not provide regulators with access to the information they need to do their job. It requires all other regulators to go through the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to get information. It gives only begrudging access to the Securities and Exchange Commission--the SEC--to data about the swaps markets and thus limits the SEC's ability to get the information it needs to oversee the securities markets.  Much of this bill reads more like a jurisdictional power grab to some of us than an honest attempt to ensure that all the relevant regulators have the information and the authority they need to do their jobs.  I believe the Lincoln-Dodd bill contains a number of other fatal flaws. For example, key provisions in one title directly contradict key provisions in other titles and also in the current law. One provision in the Lincoln-Dodd bill that has gotten a lot of attention is a prohibition on Federal assistance to any ``swaps entity,'' which includes entities that do not handle any swaps. All clearinghouses, regardless of whether they handle swaps, would be precluded from receiving Federal assistance, which is interpreted to include access to the Federal Reserve's discount window. This provision contradicts language in title VIII, which empowers the Federal Reserve to grant discount window access to clearinghouses.  Also, the bill imposes a fiduciary duty on dealers when their counterparties are pension plans, endowment funds, and municipalities. As understood in current law, pension plans cannot engage in transactions with entities with which they have a fiduciary relationship.  The proposed regulatory framework also poses new risks to the system. For example, the bill anticipates generally imposing a clearing mandate on most market participants as soon as a clearinghouse will accept a swap for clearing. For-profit clearinghouses will have an incentive to clear as many swaps as possible. If they do not properly assess and collect margin for risks associated with these products or do not have sufficient operational capacity, an unanticipated event in the market could topple a clearinghouse and send devastating shock waves throughout the rest of the system. We witnessed that for a few minutes last week.  This bill is also anticompetitive because it further concentrates business within existing dealers. The prohibition on Federal assistance, including FDIC insurance, to swap entities means neighborhood banks will be unable to hedge their own interest rate risks, let alone offer swaps to customers who need to hedge their risks. Bank dealers are given preferential treatment with respect to both capital and margin requirements.  Another disadvantage in the bill for nonbank dealers is that even the commercial aspects of their business will be subject to bank-like capital requirements, which is an unprecedented expansion of bank-like regulation to the nonfinancial corporations. Nonbank dealers may simply exit the derivatives business and leave the swaps business more concentrated among a few large Wall Street dealers, which is not a good result from a competitive or systemic risk standpoint.  I believe the so-called end user exemption contained in this bill is illusory. Main Street corporations that buy swaps in the ordinary course of business to hedge their own business risks will be subject to the same regulatory treatment as Wall Street banks. This means manufacturing firms, power companies, and even beer producers will be required to hold massive amounts of cash and other collateral simply to engage in risk management. I believe this will work as an anti-stimulus plan to pull resources out of the economy, hurt growth, and slow job creation. It will also lead to price increases and price volatility.  For my colleagues interested in increasing their constituents' cooling costs in the summer or heating costs next winter; for those interested in seeing the price of orange juice, cereal, lightbulbs, medicine, office supplies, building materials, cars, and computers rise; for those who would like to make the overall cost of living for all Americans go up and the prospect of getting a job go down, the Dodd-Lincoln bill is for you.  Finally, I believe this bill is unworkable as it is now written. The derivatives title is the one piece of this legislation that will be tested every day. The bill would make massive changes in a huge market in 180 days without the usual notice-and-comment rulemaking period that allows for broad public input during that time. Neither agency has the staff it needs to write or implement the rules at this time. There will be enormous operational challenges for the SEC and the CFTC as they gear up to monitor and receive data on all swap transactions for which there is no data repository. Companies all across the United States will face operational, legal, and financial challenges as they strive to come into compliance with record-keeping, reporting, capital, margin, clearing, and business conduct requirements.  Don't just take my word for it. Check for yourself. Take the words of a recent Bloomberg article, which was aptly titled ``How `Hard to Fathom' Derivatives Rule Emerged in the U.S. Senate'' or take the words of the National Association of Manufacturers, which warned that the end-user exemption ``is not strong or clear enough. In addition, other provisions in the derivatives title could effectively eliminate the exemption for many companies, and in some cases, subject them to capital and margin requirements or higher costs.''  Take the words of a well-respected lawyer in a memo to his clients which contained the following criticism of the Lincoln-Dodd bill:       Ordinarily, in writing with regard to a proposed law, the      expected role of the law firm lawyer is to provide a      description rather than commentary. In the case of the      Lincoln-Dodd bill the law firm lawyer attempting a      noncommittal description must confront the following      problems:       (1) the Lincoln-Dodd bill's substance is inconsistent with      its stated purposes; (2) it would give a degree of      discretionary power to the U.S. Government that is far out of      the ordinary; (3) the Lincoln-Dodd bill is loosely drafted in      even its key provisions; (4) it     could make for radical changes in the financial system that      seem not to have been considered; (5) the Lincoln-Dodd bill      would likely motivate institutions to move jobs to Europe,      damaging the U.S. economy and particularly the northeastern      financial center economy; (6) it would discourage banks'      capital market and real estate lending in the United States      by increasing their risks; and (7) the Lincoln-Dodd bill      would hurt banks' profitability at a time when they are      struggling.  Or take the words of an industry representative who urged us to change a certain provision that would prevent pension plans and government agencies from getting the services they need, and another provision that could force purchasers of swaps into deals with less creditworthy counterparties.  Or take the actions of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. While several of them have privately admitted that they fear the wrath of the administration for speaking out publicly against the Lincoln-Dodd derivatives bill, their actions speak louder than their silence. They are apparently hard at work, we know that, behind closed doors, trying to make numerous last-minute changes to this flawed bill.  Or take the words of my colleague from Connecticut, Senator Dodd, for whom I have a lot of respect, the chairman of the Banking Committee. He was quoted earlier this week saying:       We still have work to do on [derivatives]--there's no      question. We have always known that. So a lot of people are      spending a lot of time trying to come to some common points      on this.  I agree with the committee chairman; the derivative title needs a lot more work. Fortunately, that work has already been done: the substitute derivatives bill that we offer as amendment No. 3816, the Over-the-Counter Swaps Markets Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010. This amendment was crafted and cosponsored by several members of the Agriculture and Banking Committees. The substitute derivatives bill is a bipartisan product. The bill is built from the framework of the Chambliss-Lincoln bipartisan process. It also incorporates key concepts from the Gregg-Reed bipartisan working group that was formed by Chairman Dodd himself to hammer out real derivatives reform. The substitute derivatives bill is also a multicommittee product.  My colleague from Georgia and I appreciate the input from the Agriculture and Banking Committees, as well as the important input from the Judiciary Committee, on provisions that strengthen protections for customer funds in the event of a counterparty bankruptcy.  The derivatives substitute amendment addresses five key areas of reform: introducing regulatory transparency and regulatory authority over the OTC swaps markets, mandating clearing for Wall Street dealers, minimizing threats to the financial stability of the United States, preserving Main Street's ability to hedge their business risks, and improving public transparency. I will briefly explain each of the five areas of reform.  First, we address regulatory transparency and regulatory authority. I believe we must repeal the statutory provisions that prohibit regulators from overseeing the OTC swaps markets and give them access to the information they need so they can do their job.  Second, we mandate in our amendment clearing for Wall Street dealers. We must encourage the clearing of derivative transactions among Wall Street dealers and dealer-like firms in well-regulated clearinghouses. This will account for a combined 80 percent to 90 percent of all OTC derivatives transactions.  Third, we minimize threats to the financial stability of the United States. We must prevent the concentration of inadequately hedged risks in individual firms or central clearinghouses.  Fourth, we preserve economically beneficial hedging for Main Street businesses. I believe we must ensure that so-called corporate end users can continue to hedge their unique business risks through customized derivatives. Main Street businesses do not pose any threat to the financial stability of the United States. In fact, prudent use of derivatives for hedging makes their businesses, the financial system, and the economy safer. The prudent use of derivatives enables businesses to protect themselves from changes in interest rates, swings in foreign currency, exchange rates, and the changing prices for raw materials that all of our manufacturers use.  If businesses in America are not able to use derivatives or if the cost of using derivatives increases, they may choose to move operations overseas or curtail business operations, which will mean the loss of jobs when we really need jobs. If they must refrain from hedging their risks, prices will go up for all our consumers--all of us.  Fifth, we improve, in this amendment, public transparency. Without mandating that swap trades must occur on an exchange, we must direct regulators to provide investors and other market participants with information about recently executed transactions for the purpose of helping them to mark existing swap positions to market, make informed decisions before executing future transactions, and assess the quality of transactions they have executed.  The Lincoln-Dodd derivatives title does not achieve these reform objectives but, in fact, threatens to stymie real reform.  The substitute derivatives amendment we offer represents a change in course from the Lincoln-Dodd bill. The substitute amendment is a strong bill that offers real reform. This is why the National Association of Manufacturers has indicated that all votes related to the Chambliss-Shelby substitute amendment, including procedural motions, may be considered for designation as key manufacturing votes in this Congress. I think it is important to American business that we adopt this substitute.  