 President, earlier today in the Senate I spoke about the past actions or, rather, inactions of this body that led us to the current situation with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. I now will take just a few minutes to discuss the current status of these institutions as Senator McCain has mentioned. I will also explain the specifics of the McCain-Shelby-Gregg amendment and why I believe we must adopt it.  Since September of 2008, we have had to spend more than $150 billion to bail out these GSEs. By some estimates, this amount exceeds the total cost of the savings and loan bailouts that occurred in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Let me repeat that. Bailing out the GSEs has now cost as much or more than the entire savings and loan crisis, and it is continuing.  Having spent such considerable amounts of taxpayer dollars, one would think that the GSEs would be topic No. 1 as we consider financial reform. Unfortunately, that is not the case. As recently reported by Gretchen Morgenson, a Pulitzer Prize writer of the New York Times:       Freddie [has] warned that its credit losses were likely to      continue rising throughout 2010.  Even more troubling, while the GSEs have considerable legacy problems associated with the older loans in their portfolios, they are being used by the Obama Administration to take on additional risks.  On Christmas Day of last year, the Obama administration announced it would relax important taxpayer protections at GSEs, and it would prop them up with unlimited taxpayer funding. That is exactly what they are doing today.  The administration took this step so it would have the flexibility to continue its efforts to support the housing market. Some now are questioning those efforts. In the New York Times piece I mentioned, Ms. Morgenson quotes Dean Baker, codirector of the Center for Economic and Policy Research, who noted:       I do not understand why people are not talking about it      [referring to Freddie's losses] . . . it seems to me the most      fundamental question is, have they on an ongoing basis been      paying too much for loans ever since they went into      conservatorship?  This begs the question of why the GSEs would overpay at this point. What is to be gained? Ms. Morgenson posits a rather compelling theory:       Mr. Baker's concern that Freddie may be racking up losses      by overpaying for mortgages derives from his suspicion that      the government might be encouraging it to do so as a way to      bolster the operations of mortgage lenders.  I hope not. In the past, those huge piles of money that have consistently been spent found their way into the pockets of Democratic operatives such as Frank Raines, Jim Johnson, Jamie Gorelick, Tim Howard, and President Obama's Chief of Staff, Rahm Emanuel. Now similar piles are floating around, not necessarily to Democrats but certainly on behalf of their pet initiatives.  The only constant in either scenario has been the taxpayer has been stuck with footing the bill. I believe this afternoon this must end. It is finally time to protect the taxpayer. The McCain-Shelby-Gregg amendment will do that.  