 President, I rise in opposition to the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty that we call New START. I believe New START is deeply flawed and is a dangerous step toward undermining our national security. I believe it does not strengthen verification or transparency of Russia's nuclear arsenal. We negotiated this treaty with Russia when our time may have been better spent focusing on nuclear threats posed by other nations. I believe the treaty is virtually unverifiable. Simply put, it is the wrong approach to both reducing the arms race and reaching the ideal of living in a nuclear-free world.  Many people have expressed the numerous shortcomings of this treaty. This evening I would like to touch on three.  First, New START restricts the future of our missile defense. President Obama campaigned against missile defense and has systematically cut funding for it. It should not be a surprise to anyone in America that the administration lacks commitment to a robust missile defense system, but that does not mean the Senate needs to support it. New START links offensive reductions with missile defense. I believe these must be decoupled. Why? The treaty limits launch vehicles and restricts the conversion of intercontinental ballistic missiles for missile defense purposes. Converting nuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles to conventional missiles is also restricted in the proposed treaty. Most egregiously, statements made by senior Russian officials insist that the treaty's language prohibits the United States from developing an antiballistic missile defense system without Russian consent. This is completely unacceptable.  Unfortunately, Russia is not the only threat the United States faces in this world. It is inconceivable that the administration would agree to a treaty that imposes such restrictions on our national security.  Secondly, we have reached the point where we cannot make reductions in our nuclear arsenal without viable plans for a strong, long-term strategy for modernization. Again, Russia is not our Nation's only threat. Without modernizing our nuclear arsenal, the cuts necessitated by the New START treaty would likely encourage Iran and other proliferators to build up their own arsenals rather than discouraging them as we would like.  The United States cannot maintain a credible deterrent or reduce the number of weapons in our nuclear stockpile without ensuring that we have reliable warning, command, and control systems, and that we put an emphasis on the land and sea-based delivery vehicles that give us the confidence we need for protecting ourselves should the worst occur. The reduction of our nuclear-capable bombers and land or submarine-based missiles from 1,600 to 700 gives the Russians an immense advantage. Delivery vehicles are just one aspect of our nuclear triad, but they are a critical component to being able to deter adversaries and should not be restricted under the New START treaty.  By some estimates, Russia maintains thousands more small tactical nuclear warheads that can be delivered by way of artillery shells, cruise missiles, and aircraft. Yet the treaty before us, which freezes missiles at 700 for each side, willfully ignores the massive Russian advantage in tactical weapons.  Finally, the most serious and immediate flaw is weakened verification requirements which are vastly less robust than those we had under START I. It is puzzling why they would do this. Under START I, 600 inspections were conducted. New START requires just 180 inspections over the life of the treaty, hardly enough to ensure Russian compliance. The Russians will be able to encript telemetry from missile tests. This makes it harder for us to know for certain what new capabilities the Russians are developing.  One might ask why did we agree to such. Under New START, there will no longer be onsite monitoring of mobile missile final assembly facilities. Before the expiration of START I, the United States used this monitoring or verification because satellites do not provide the exact information on mobile weapons systems. Verification requirements are too weak to reliably verify the treaty's 1,550 limit on deployed warheads. These measures will neither give us confidence in the process nor the assurances we need to assess the integrity of it.  Russia has a long history of nuclear duplicity or cheating. Yet New START has substantially weaker verification mechanisms than START I.  Perhaps the clearest reason to suspect the true motivations behind the treaty is the inexplicable rush to ratify it now. The shortcomings of New START are numerous, substantial, and serious. The Senate should have the time to examine the treaty's compliance provisions and ensure that loopholes are closed and deficiencies amended.  I believe the Senate has a responsibility to the American people to ensure that first and foremost our country's negotiations have not unilaterally hampered in any way our national security. I will not support subordinating U.S. national security to an untrustworthy partner, and neither should the Senate as a whole.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  