 President, before proceeding to my remarks on the bill, I want to thank Senator McConnell, the Republican leader, for his leadership, and also the members of the Banking Committee on both sides of the aisle for their hard work and dedication which has brought us this far.  Also, I want to thank my colleague and the committee's chairman, my friend, Senator Chris Dodd. Over the years, as he has said, we have worked together on a number of bills and quite often found a way to compromise, to work forward on some very difficult and complex issues. Unfortunately, thus far, compromise has alluded us on this particular piece of legislation, at least some of it.  Throughout our discussions, we shared roughly, I believe, the same goals. Where we have differed, however, is how to achieve those goals. My goal during consideration of this legislation here will be to reshape this bill so that it actually ends bailouts, protects consumers without jeopardizing our small community banks, and brings transparency, as Senator Dodd mentioned, to the world of derivatives, without sacrificing economic growth and job creation, which we desperately need in this country.  I, along with many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle--Democrats and Republicans--will seek to remove dozens of provisions that unnecessarily expand the reach of the Federal Government into the private affairs of Americans and potentially endanger our civil liberties. As always, I will try to focus on policy and not politics.  Unfortunately, over the last several days, debate has become tainted by accusations and misrepresentations. This is nothing new here. The process has already become overly political with allegations that Republicans are blindly following the advice of a pollster's political memo.  I wish to say for the record here that I voted against the Chrysler bailout in 1979, I believe it was, when this particular pollster they are talking about was still in high school. So I have a long record of fighting against bailouts and trying to protect the taxpayer.  Also, I advanced the toughest piece of legislation that would have reined in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac years ago. But that was opposed unanimously by the Democrats in the Banking Committee.  I was the only Senator criticizing the SEC's lack of supervision of the Nation's largest investment banks while some of my Democratic colleagues, including then-Senator Obama, were endorsing it.  I also opposed the imposition of the Basel II capital accords that would have left our banks in far worse shape than they were when the crisis hit.  I was questioning regulators about the growing housing bubble and the stability of our housing market years before the collapse.  As chairman of the Banking Committee before Senator Dodd, I authored and passed, with the help of the Senator, the only attempt to address the lack of competition in the credit rating industry, once again over a lot of opposition.  Finally, when Congress repealed the restrictions put in place by Glass-Steagall, I was the only Republican on the Banking Committee to vote no. So if any of my colleagues wish to discuss my motivation and my record, I am standing here on the floor right now.  As I have stated, there are a number of changes I believe need to be made to this bill before I can consider supporting it. I think we should begin by listening to the people who will be negatively affected by this bill if it were to become law.  If a small business owner from my hometown in Tuscaloosa, AL, tells me that he fears an out-of-control consumer regulator, I listen. If an orthodontist from Mobile, AL, fears regulatory burdens because she offers installment payments, I listen. If the makers of Mars candy bars fear massive cost increases from this legislation that will threaten American jobs and prices, I listen.  There are others we should be listening to as well. For example, large financial firms such as Goldman Sachs and Citigroup are in favor of this bill. Why is that? The answer is, as now written, they know that the bill will bring them and Wall Street firms like them under the Federal safety net where they will get preferential treatment, just as Goldman Sachs got in the AIG bailout.  Yes, the bill, as written, will guarantee that Goldman Sachs could again be paid 100 cents on the dollar if its bets go bad. That is a huge benefit for Wall Street firms at the expense of others--mainly the taxpayers.  The resolution authority established by this bill at the moment will ensure that the politically influential investors in these firms, such as foreign governments and sovereign wealth funds, will get special taxpayer bailouts not available to creditors of small financial companies. This will give these firms a permanent funding advantage over smaller competitors on Main Street.  Make no mistake, this bill will help the big banks get bigger, as it is written today, and further tilt the competitive playing field against small and less politically connected firms.  The legislation that we are about to consider will help the likes of Goldman Sachs but harm the American people. It will lead to job losses, lost opportunities for businesses to productively invest in the future, and it will ensure future bailouts, which Senator Dodd and I both want to prevent.  Chairman Dodd has assured me that he will address a number of concerns I have expressed with respect to bailouts. We have talked about this at length. I appreciate his assurances and take him at his word, but I am concerned that there appear to be no substantive changes in the relevant sections of the bill that would reflect such assurances yet. Therefore, at the conclusion of my remarks, and picking up on what we talked about earlier, I wish to hear how the chairman intends to address the following: the removal of the $50 million bailout fund, which some people call the honey pot; not allowing the government to pay creditors and shareholders of a failed firm more than they would be entitled to in bankruptcy; not allowing the FDIC to prop up failing firms with government and debt guarantees--meaning the taxpayer; not allowing the Federal Reserve to lend broadly on bad collateral; holding the FDIC accountable if it fails to properly conduct resolutions or uses the resolution authority to provide bailouts; and not allowing the government to deem any nonbank financial company as systemically important and worthy of taxpayer funds at the Fed's discount window.  As many of my colleagues are beginning to realize, it doesn't matter what we say. What matters is what is in the bill's language. And the language in this bill right now would allow for bailouts. I urge my colleagues to read the language carefully.  I have been assured that the bailout provisions will be addressed. However, they have not been addressed yet in the chairman's substitute language. We need to see language from the majority that clearly addresses the issues I have set forth. My hope is that by Tuesday this can be resolved quickly, with both of us offering a joint amendment.  Nevertheless, we are still left with a bill this afternoon that will create massive and intrusive new government bureaucracies, damage job creation, reduce private investment in productive projects, make risk management more difficult, and threaten our economy.  The bill before us now establishes overarching bureaucracies without any meaningful protections for our financial privacy rights. Also, the bureaucracies have been designed to address many issues that have little or no bearing on the recent crisis or any financial crisis. It is a power grab that can reach into virtually every aspect of our economy, and it needs to be restrained.  I wonder how any crisis will be prevented through data collection from banks about deposit accounts of their customers to identify community development opportunities as found in section 1071 of this bill.  Small businesses across this country fear the massive and potentially very intrusive new bureaucracy created under the rubric of consumer protection. And they have every right to be afraid. The massive new government bureaucracy called for in this bill has authorities and powers to call you forward and ask you, under oath, about your personal financial affairs. The fact so many are looking the other way on this serious threat to our civil liberties is troubling. But as this debate goes on, I think America is going to start focusing on the deep aspects of this bill.  The architects of this massive new bureaucracy have long argued for a consumer bureau with the right culture, they call it. Whether that culture focuses on consumer protection and a safe and sound banking system or it becomes a way for community organizers and groups such as ACORN to grab Federal resources is left wide open here.  This massive new bureaucracy will be funded by over $600 million taken directly from the Federal Reserve, outside of the congressional oversight or appropriations process. Tapping the central bank to pay for political initiatives is a very disturbing and dangerous precedent. They did that in Argentina to the utter dismay of the global community and to Argentina itself. It shows a complete lack of understanding of the importance of an independent central bank. For us to follow Argentina's lead and tap the Fed for new government programs is not only shortsighted but signals to the rest of the world the failure of this country to act in a fiscally responsible manner.  In addition to the new Fed consumer protection bureaucracy, this bill envisions a massive new potentially $\1/2\ billion per year Federal bureaucracy called the Office of Financial Research, designed to collect granular financial data and to construct complex financial models. Did you hear that? This new bureaucracy is given unprecedented authority, including abilities to obtain virtually any type of data it wants from financial companies, to the level of detail of what you buy on your credit card.  This new bureaucracy is also designed to gather data, process it, and then is required to make it available to Wall Street firms so they can cut their costs. So who is for Wall Street now?  This bill also threatens our economy, as Senator Dodd mentioned, by its treatment of derivatives. Greater transparency in all derivative markets is a good thing. But this bill, at this juncture, under the guise of promoting transparency, I believe, threatens Main Street companies and their customers for no good reason. The end-user exemptions put Main Street companies through almost endless and unworkable hoops that will ensure higher costs, lower growth, fewer jobs, and diminished economic opportunity.  In addition, by seeking to concentrate all manner of risky products into clearinghouses, the bill threatens to concentrate risk to the point of becoming systemically large, which, as we all know, leads to government or taxpayer bailouts. This bill could actually increase risk in our financial system, as it is written, and decrease economic output at a time when we need it the most.  Finally, while concentrating risks in America, this bill will shift derivativetrades offshore to places where we have no oversight or regulatory abilities to act.  Proponents of this bill also argue that regulatory gaps are being closed and that the bill somehow simplifies and rationalizes the regulatory framework. Yet the Kansas City Fed President has said:       This bill actually increases the complexity of the      regulatory structure . . . as well as creating unnecessary      costs.  As is often the case with this bill, claims about what it does do not match the language itself. They claim it is regulatory simplicity; the language means that there will be increased complexity.  I have highlighted here this afternoon some of the major problems in this bill. It will not end taxpayer-funded bailouts as it is written; it provides for a drastic expansion and overreach of government into the economy and every aspect of our personal financial lives; it also raises the cost of risk management and threatens the abilities of companies to manage risk using derivatives while potentially accumulating risk to systemic proportions; and it makes an already complex regulatory maze even more complex.  I welcome the opportunity to debate the bill before us and to offer amendments and work with Senator Dodd, the chairman, to improve the deficiencies and strengthen this bill's shortcomings. I hope we are going to be able to do this in a spirit of cooperation in the days ahead.  