 President, I rise today to speak in strong support of the conference report to accompany the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act. I want to thank my colleagues, Chairman Dodd, and House Foreign Affairs Chairman Howard Berman and Ranking Member Ileana Ros-Lehtinen for working cooperatively to complete work on this conference report.  There is general agreement that the existing Iran Sanctions Act has not worked either in practice or in its intent to stop Iran's nuclear program or its support of terror. Iran, today, is a more dangerous rogue state than ever before.  Though not a silver bullet, the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act is undoubtedly one of the toughest sanctions measures that Congress has produced and promises to be more effective than current law.  The act continues to prohibit investments of $20 million in Iran's energy sector, but now we have closed an earlier investment loophole that allowed for sales of petroleum-related goods, services, and technology to Iran.  The act also broadens the categories of transactions that trigger sanctions to include sales to Iran of refined petroleum products and prohibits any assistance to Iran to either increase or maintain its domestic refining capacity.  In addition to the existing menu of six sanctions, we have established three new sanctions on foreign exchange, access to the U.S. banking system, and against property transactions. Under current law, the President must choose two from a menu of six sanctions. He now must impose at least three of the nine sanctions.  Despite dozens of credible reports of investment violations over successive administrations, there has been but one Presidential determination of a violation made 12 years ago. In that particular instance, the President waived the imposition of sanctions.  This act will put an end to that practice. The sanctions regime will now require the President to investigate a report of sanctionable activity and make a determination whether a violation has occurred. That determination must be reported to Congress and if a violation has occurred, the President must impose sanctions or give the specific reasons why a waiver of the sanctions is necessary. Prior law merely authorized a President to investigate. It did not require a President to investigate or make a determination if he chose to investigate.  A brand new mandatory financial sanction imposes severe restrictions on foreign banks doing business with Iranian banks or the IRGC--Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps--and its affiliates, which are increasingly seen to command vital sectors of the Iranian economy.  The act also establishes a legal framework for States and local governments and a safe harbor for fund managers to divest their portfolios of foreign companies involved in Iran's energy sector. We have also created a system to address black market diversion of sensitive technologies to Iran through other countries.  In order to accommodate the President's constitutional authorities in the conduct of foreign affairs, we have had to preserve the prior construct of waivers and exceptions to these sanctions throughout the act. We have tried, however, to give the President as narrow an opening as possible for diplomatic delays. Even though the window for delay remains slightly open, this legislation is a vast improvement over prior law, and ensures that the President must make a determination to impose sanctions or provide Congress with a timely and written rationale for any delays or waivers.  During the conference process, the administration insisted that we include a so-called closely cooperating countries exemption. Such an exemption would spare a country and its firms from any public risk to reputation and imposition of sanctions because an exemption, as opposed to a waiver, allows the country in question to avoid the specter of an investigation altogether.  Instead, an already existing waiver for countries that cooperate with the United States in multilateral efforts to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons technology was modified to give a country and its firms, on a case-by-case basis, more time to cure their behavior.  This waiver for cooperation can only be used, however, after the President first initiates an investigation, makes his determination whether sanctionable activity exists, and then certifies to Congress who would get the waiver. He must then explain exactly what actions that particular government is taking to cooperate with multilateral efforts and why the waiver is ``vital to the national security interests of the United States.''  Once enacted, this law will allow the Treasury Department to put key companies and countries on notice that the clock is running, investigations are to begin immediately, and there is little room to avoid determinations of potential violations. In other words, there is no place left to hide.  Once again, nothing that we have done in this conference report will curb Iran's nuclear ambitions. But, targeting Iran's oil and gas sectors will certainly raise the stakes for Iran's leaders, perhaps enough for them to consider confining their nuclear ambitions to peaceful uses.  