 President, I introduce the Long-Term Care and Retirement Security Act. This bill is an important first step in helping Americans prepare for their long-term care needs. A companion bill to the Long-Term Care and Retirement Security Act has been introduced in the House of Representatives by Representative Nancy Johnson.  Longer and healthier lives are a blessing and a testament to the progress and advances made by our society. However, all Americans must be alert and prepare for long-term care needs. The role of private long-term care insurance is critical in meeting this challenge.  The financial challenges of health care in retirement are not new. Indeed, too many family caregivers can tell stories about financial devastation that was brought about by the serious long-term care needs of a family member. Because increasing numbers of Americans are likely to need long term care services, it is especially important to encourage planning today.  Most families are not financially prepared when a loved one needs long-term care. When faced with nursing home costs that can run more than $40,000 a year, families often turn to Medicaid for help. In fact, Medicaid pays for nearly two of every three nursing home residents at a cost of more than $30 billion each year for nursing home costs. With the impending retirement of the Baby Boomers, it is imperative that Congress takes steps now to encourage all Americans to plan ahead for potential long-term care needs.  The Long-Term Care and Retirement Security Act will allow Americans who do not currently have access to employer subsidized long-term care plans to deduct the cost of such a plan from their taxable income. This bill will encourage planning and personal responsibility while helping to make long-term care insurance more affordable for middle class taxpayers.  This measure will encourage Americans to be pro-active and prepare for their own long term care needs by making insurance more affordable. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the bill was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:  [The bill was not available for printing. It will appear in a future edition of the Record.] 