 President, this amendment by the Senator from Rhode Island is very much a modification of an amendment he proposed which would require bankruptcy judges to consider whether a creditor had used sound underwriting practices and standards when considering whether to dismiss or convert a chapter 7 to chapter 13. The modified amendment now requires judges to consider whether a creditor acted in good faith when considering whether to convert or to dismiss that case.  It is my understanding from discussions that have gone on between Senator Reed's staff and my staff, and from what Senator Reed has said, now, as he has introduced his amendment, that the good faith standard in the modified amendment also includes many of the underwriting considerations in the original amendment. So, accordingly, many of the objections to the original amendment still apply to this modified amendment presented by the Senator from Rhode Island.  At the outset, as with other amendments which relate to lending practices, I urge my colleagues to vote ``aye'' on a motion I will make to table this amendment because the Banking Committee should have a chance to consider this issue. But, since this amendment affects the means-testing provisions of S. 1301, I would like to describe how this amendment will be difficult to apply in practice, should it be adopted.  Under the bill as written now, judges are directed to consider repayment ability, and given the power to dismiss or convert chapter 7 cases if a debtor could repay some portion of his or her debt. This is the very foundation of this legislation. This is what makes this bill, this year, different than any bankruptcy legislation we have had in the 100-year history--and this is the 100th year that the first national bankruptcy code was passed, on an ongoing basis.  This amendment also requires judges to consider whether a creditor acted in good faith, including a creditor's lending practices. I don't think anyone knows how this amendment will work in the real world. There are questions raised by this amendment but not answered by the amendment:  How would a judge even find out what the creditor's underwriting practices are?  What is ``good faith'' in the context of section 707(b)?  Procedurally, who would have the burden of producing evidence about underwriting practices in good faith?  And if a creditor had properly extended credit to the debtor whose chapter 7 case is pending, but had recklessly offered credit to other people, is a judge supposed to factor that in as well?  What if there are two pending motions asking for dismissal or conversion--one motion by a creditor who has sloppy underwriting practices or who acted in bad faith, and another motion by a creditor with tight underwriting standards who acted in good faith? In this case, should a judge deny both motions?  Mr. President, what these questions show is that the amendment offered by the Senator from Rhode Island should be rejected because it is not good bankruptcy policy. There are too many unanswered questions and, of course, the underlying question regarding which underwriting practices are sloppy and which underwriting practices are not sloppy needs to be addressed not by the Judiciary Committee, not on the floor of the Senate, but in the laboratory of jurisdiction of that subject where legislation is perfected, and that happens to be the Senate Banking Committee.  There are already penalties for creditors who refuse to act in good faith. We made sure they were in this bill. They are a very important part of making this a well-balanced piece of legislation.  We talk so much about personal responsibility and making it tougher to get into bankruptcy that maybe people viewing this debate have sensed over the last week that all we are going after is the debtor, but that sometimes creditors don't act in good faith. This bill is balanced because it has penalties against creditors. For instance, if a creditor refuses to negotiate in good faith, then that creditor can't object to the discharge of his or her debt. This is already in the bill.  Again, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the Reed amendment and eventually get this bill to final passage, because this is a very needed bill. We have 2 weeks to work out some differences between the House and Senate. The other body's bankruptcy bill is considerably different from ours. And I don't say that in a denigrating way; it just is different. The process of negotiating for provisions somewhere between the House and Senate provisions--also we have to consider the White House, because we want a bill that the President can sign--takes 2 weeks to get done, and we need to get this bill passed.  I hope the Senator from Rhode Island is aware that the 20-percent figure was raised to 30 percent in the managers' amendment. I need to clarify that point because that 30-percent figure is also something that the White House was involved in working out as well, because the White House had raised some concerns about our 20-percent figure.  There also was some willingness on the part of the White House to consider some points of view we had about the 30-percent figure, and they even modified their original position, to some extent, to satisfy me.  I think it is odd that the Senator from Rhode Island is critical of lenders extending too much credit. When the credit union bill was on the floor, there was an amendment to strike the Community Reinvestment Act. The Community Reinvestment Act, of course, requires banks to extend credit to low-income people.  I don't think that any of us can argue with the social responsibility of a bank to be fair to all people and all sectors, with the understanding that they have a responsibility to the stockholders of that bank and other people who are saving, but, within the concept of good financial prudence, to lend accordingly to all sectors of a city, all types of people who have the ability to repay.  We had this community reinvestment amendment offered, and we had many Members talk about the need to make sure that credit is widely available to low-income people. What in the heck do you think credit cards are about? They are about giving people who maybe would not have that opportunity elsewhere an opportunity to borrow--again, within the concept of personal responsibility for debt.  Now, through this amendment, we hear that we should, in effect, deny a creditor the ability to collect on a debt if the creditor extended credit to low-income people. On the one hand, a month ago we had a bill before us that we were trying to modify to make it reasonable, and the other side, which was opposed to that, said we are hurting low-income people with that amendment. And now with this amendment they are saying that low-income people are people taken advantage of.  It seems to me that you can't have it both ways. I believe that borrowing and I believe that lending decisions are best made by individual Americans and not second-guessed by bankruptcy judges or political leaders in Washington, DC.  I yield the floor.  