 President, I would like to draw attention to a problem in our drug control program. It concerns something that the Department of Defense (DoD) is not doing. And frankly it's embarrassing. Today, the men and women of federal law enforcement constantly put their lives at risk in an effort to fight the increasing flow of illicit drugs into our country. Not only do we face the threat of an increase of drugs in our children'sschools and on our streets, but our law enforcement officers continue to face a rising tide of violence at our borders and in our cities as a result of the drug trade. We continue to see the flow of narcotics across the Southern tier of the U.S. to include Puerto Rico. Law enforcement personnel and their commitment to the mission to fight the war on drugs work many long hours, sometimes late into the evening and are subject to changes in their schedules at a moments notice. The families of these officers also feel the pressures of the job they perform. This brings me to the point I would like to make.  The front lines of the U.S. Customs Service are not just a problem of gun-toting drug thugs. They face more than long hours and risky situations. While they deal with all these things, they must shoulder the additional burden of coping with bureaucratic bumbledom. This added load is a result of DoD officiousness and unwillingness to cooperate. The language of instruction in Puerto Rico public schools is Spanish and not English. Therefore, the only affordable English-language school option for U.S. Customs' personnel is the DoD school. However, current legislation and DoD policy is creating a hardship for Customs' employees and their families. This unnecessarily affects our counter-drug efforts by undermining morale.  It is my understanding that the children of these law enforcement personnel have been attending DoD schools in Puerto Rico for more than 20 years. Throughout the years, changes in legislation and DoD policy have placed numerous restrictions on Customs and other Federal civilian agencies. Customs has recently augmented its workforce in Puerto Rico under its Operation Gateway initiative in light of the continuing and heightened threat of narcotics smuggling and money laundering in the Caribbean Basin. I supported this initiative. This session I will also stress the need for better coordination of our interdiction strategy, particularly the need to develop a ``Southern Tier' concept. This initiative will strive to focus resources in a more comprehensive way to protect our southern frontier. Puerto Rico is crucial to this strategy. Current legislation and DoD's policy requirements are, however, obstacles to the effective implementation of this aggressive enforcement initiative in terms of recruitment and retention of Customs employers because as I stated earlier, there are no English speaking public schools in Puerto Rico.  I think it is ridiculous that Customs' efforts in Puerto Rico--the men and women who deal daily with difficult and dangerous situations--should find their attention distracted by something like this.  The U.S. Customs Service interdicts more drugs than any other Government Agency. Based on the size of the workforce of Customs in Puerto Rico, their critical law enforcement mission, difficulty in recruiting, and the negative affect this policy is having on their employees and families (over 150 children of Customs employees are currently enrolled in the program), I would like to see a swift solution to these problems.  Recently, a Customs Special Agent was killed in an accident while assisting the U.S. Secret Service on a Presidential detail that highlights another problem. My legislation will also address a concern raised by this case. It happens that the children of this agent currently attend classes in the DoD school. It is my understanding, that a special exception from the Secretary of Defense was necessary in order for these children to continue in the DoD school program for the remainder of the school year. DoD has dragged its feet. My amendment will deal with this and similar situations.  My staff has tried to work out a deal, But DoD has not been very responsive. I personally wrote the Secretary of Defense to work out a solution. I got a response from a low-level bureaucrat who responded just like, well, a bureaucrat. It is my understanding that the only answer from DoD is, ``nothing can be done'', I am told that the only solution is to ``change the legislation''.  This amendment is essential in order to address the current problems that I have described for these employees and their families and I look forward to working with you to ensure that our efforts to protect our country from illicit drugs is effective and adequately supported. I hope that my colleagues will look at this legislation and join me in supporting this. It is enough of a burden on the families of the dedicated men and women who labor to protect our borders without further weighing them down with senseless red tape.  