 Both sides have reached an agreement on the number of amendments to be offered. All we have to have is time agreements on those amendments, and if a vote is necessary on those amendments, have a vote.  Senator Durbin has worked very hard with me for his part, for the Democratic Members, as I have for the Republican Members, to get a very good bankruptcy bill before this body. It was hard work for the last year putting a bill together. I really appreciate his cooperation, including getting it through the Judiciary Committee by a vote of 16-2, then additionally accommodating some other Members who are not on the Judiciary Committee, the committee of jurisdiction over bankruptcy.  We accommodated several Members, both on the Judiciary Committee and not on the Judiciary Committee, through the consideration of their amendments in some negotiating sessions we had last week to limit the number of amendments, also to accept, as I have indicated, in the managers' amendment many of the ideas that people have.  So since Senator Durbin and I have worked together in a cooperative and very much bipartisan way on this legislation, we hope that at these almost midnight hours of this session, as well as midnight hours of the consideration of this legislation through the process of a year and a half, that we would not have Members stalling by not coming to the floor and offering their amendments.  So we hope very much that people will come over and do that. We are ready for those considerations. The floor leaders of both parties very much want to see this legislation pass. And we ought to do that because, as Senator Durbin and I have described for the Members of this body, there is very much a need for this legislation, and particularly since we have this tradition of bipartisanship on the issue of bankruptcy, not only between Senator Durbin and myself but historically over the last decade and a half between his predecessor, Senator Heflin, now retired from the Senate, and myself. We want to keep that tradition going. There is just now the one simple process of Members coming over here and offering amendments that we have all agreed should be considered.  There is no controversy at this point, except should an amendment be adopted or not. There is no controversy of whether or not this bill should eventually come to a vote. There is no controversy about what amendments should be offered. Hopefully, there is no controversy over how long we should discuss these amendments--a thorough discussion but with time limits--and eventually get this bill passed and get it to the conference committee. There Senator Durbin and I are going to need a lot of time.  There is a tremendous difference between our bill and the House bill. Senator Durbin and I need the rest of this session. And we hope that the rest of this session that we are talking about isn't October 1. We hope it is from this date of September 17 to the end of the session to work out the differences between the House and Senate. So that is why we want Members to come.  In the meantime, I say to Senator Durbin, I thought I would --yes, let me yield to Senator Durbin.  