 President, this is a sense-of-the-Senate resolution regarding the problems that our farmers are experiencing and what we can do to ease the burden of uncertainty and risk that every farmer faces.  As those of us from States with major ag economies know, and as my friends on the other side of the aisle have discussed, farmers across the Nation have legitimate concerns about the prices they receive for their products. I know, as do my colleagues who represent ag States, that commodity prices are not good.  Making that problem worse, in Iowa, for example we are looking at the possibility of a bumper crop and we still have nearly 40 percent of last year's grain in storage, which obviously, will work to keep prices low.  I am not here to say everything is just fine with the ag economy right now. But I am here to say that in addressing these problems we must take our marching orders from farmers and the folks who represent farm interests such as Farm Bureau, the corn growers and the soybean producers, among others. Opening up the 1996 farm bill, as some advocate, is not the way to legitimately address these very real concerns. And it is not what these very respected farm organizations advocate, and I must say, it is not what farmers in my State have been telling me to do. Nonetheless, we need to do something to alleviate the worries our farmers face. Earlier this year, representatives of all the major agriculture organizations came to Capitol Hill to discuss the problems the ag industry is facing. Frankly, opening up Freedom to Farm did not make their list of priorities. In fact, this list consisted almost entirely of initiatives to support and enhance trade opportunities. Farmers tell me the most important thing Congress can do to ensure the long-term prosperity of the family farm is to open and expand foreign markets for their products. That's why we must give our farmers the opportunity to compete for every sale, in every market in the world.  In fact, the message that we were sending to the rest of the world when we passed Freedom to Farm is that we intend to compete for every market anywhere in the world and we are going to be a sure supplier in that market.  We in the Senate ought not be telling farmers what they should want and need. We should be listening to farmers and doing what they tell us is important. That is what my resolution is all about. My resolution is nothing less than a commitment to the American farmer that we have heard you and we share the principles that you support and we will work with you to make those principles a permanent part of farm policy.  It is a reiteration of the principles of Freedom to Farm. But it is 3 years later a reiteration of what we ought to be doing and an admission that in some places we have come up short as far as the marketing opportunities we promised that they should produce and that there will be markets for that product.  And as we know, at least in my part of the country, we export about 40 percent of our production, so farmers have to have open markets. 