 President, I want to talk about the procedure of this minimum wage bill on a very, very important bankruptcy reform bill we have. The substance may be very important, but the procedure is what we want to consider as we ask our colleagues to vote on this amendment.  We are on the first major change in bankruptcy legislation in 20 years--very needed change. So what is the minimum wage bill doing on this bill? This bill was voted out of committee 16-2. The author of this minimum wage amendment was one of those two people who voted against it. Obviously, by putting minimum wage on this, it is a poison pill to defeat this legislation. This is an anchor that is going to take this bill to the bottom of the ocean if this amendment is adopted. We must not let this amendment be adopted if we want a strong bankruptcy bill, any bankruptcy bill, out of this Congress.  We have about 2 weeks left to get this bill worked up, with wide differences between the House bill and the Senate bill. If we adopt this amendment on minimum wage, I am sure the majority leader will take this bill down.  I am asking my colleagues not to vote for this amendment because of the merits or demerits of minimum wage, but because this is a poison pill that will destroy the bankruptcy reform legislation that has so much going for it. When a bill comes out of the Judiciary Committee 16-2, it has a lot of bipartisan support, and you know it will go. This is one way that one opponent of this bankruptcy bill can stop it.  Now, as important as a minimum wage increase might be to help some families in America, this bankruptcy bill is also very important to help lower-income families in America because there is not a single family in America--low-income or high-income--that is not paying part of the costs of bankruptcy; $40 billion costs to the economy every year, $400 for a family of four. So every family that the Senator from Massachusetts is trying to help through an increase in minimum wage, he is hurting by stopping the reform of bankruptcy. We must reform bankruptcy. This is a hidden tax on the poor of America.  By passing this legislation, reducing the tax, we will help the very same families that the Senator from Massachusetts wants to help.  