 President, in order to reverse this trend, the report resoundly concluded that Congress needed to reduce the jurisdiction of the federal courts.  In the last Congress, the Republican leadership wisely pushed for measures designed to reduce the federal workload. Both the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act and the Prison Litigation Reform Act ``streamlined'' procedures so as to decrease the number of potential federal court filings. These measures were praised by the Chief Justice as ``promising examples of how Congress can reduce the disparity between resources and workload in the federal judiciary without endangering its distinctive character.''  Similarly, a bill I sponsored, The Federal Courts Improvement Act of 1996, included a provision that raised the threshold for diversity jurisdiction cases. It's estimated this provision alone reduced the federal workload by as many as 10,000 filings per year.  In addition to what had been a continually expanding jurisdiction, the judiciary's increasing case filings was also a result, in large measure, from the policies and practices of the current Administration. Over the last year, the Executive Branch alone increased its number of civil filings by 23%. This increase, in addition to the increase resulting from expanded federal jurisdiction, accounted for the total overall increase in the number of civil filings in 1997.  The policies and practices of the President have also crippled the criminal justice system. President Clinton has yet to present even a single nominee to fill the six vacancies on the seven seat Sentencing Commission. As a result, the Commission is ``seriously hindered'' in pursuing its important statutory functions, making it more likely that criminals may ``beat the system.''  The Ninth Circuit probably suffers the most from President Clinton's indifference to the judiciary's plight. The President sent up only six nominees to fill 10 vacant seats on the Ninth Circuit. One nominee has already withdrawn from consideration, leaving only four nominees to fill over one-third of the Circuit's total seats. To our credit, the Senate also just confirmed one of these nominees to this court a few days ago who had only been pending for a few months. Having solid qualifications and bi-partisan support, the Senate confirmation of Barry Silverman illustrates what we Republicans have long maintained. Whenever nominees can demonstrate that they follow the law as stated by the Constitution or enacted by Congress, rather than making up laws as they see fit, the Senate is prepared to expedite their nominations.  By the latest count, there are around 83 vacant seats on the federal judiciary. When Democratic Senators controlled the confirmation process in 1991 and 1992, there were 148 and 118 vacancies respectively. Why wasn't the other side talking about a judicial crisis then? No one blamed the shortcomings of the judiciary on vacancies then, but now that Republicans control the confirmation process, 83 vacancies have all of a sudden become a ``judicial crisis.'' Taking into consideration the fact that there are 42 more judges sitting on the bench today than five years ago, 83 vacancies is not such an ominous figure as some would have us believe.  Today, the Senate is working hard to confirm qualified nominees, but remains hard-pressed to fill those 83 judgeships when President Clinton has so far made only 42 nominations, which is just slightly over half of the number needed. The difficulty is only exacerbated by the President's refusal to offer new candidates after his nominees have been properly rejected by the Senate.  The case of a nominee from Texas provides an excellent example. Both Texas Senators steadfastly rejected his nomination. Traditionally, and under Senator Biden's former chairmanship, when even one Home State Senator disapproves of a nomination, the nomination is effectively rejected. President Clinton, however, continues to press for this flawed nominee, despite the fact that other more qualified nominees could immediately replace him.  These examples illustrate how some are trying to manipulate the vacancy issue in order to steer the public away from the real problems facing the federal judiciary. Put simply, the Chief Justice believes the judiciary's expanded jurisdiction and consequent workload is too large and needs to be cut back. Why aren't the demagogues who keep repeating the Chief Justice's point about vacancies also talking about his points of reducing jurisdiction as well as the overall number of judges? It's simple. They are being selective, because they don't agree with the Chief Justice's major arguments. They want to continually expand federal jurisdiction, and continually expand the number of judges.  I agree with the Chief Justice that we should attempt to process qualified nominees in a timely manner and then have a vote. Of course some of the nominees we have been getting are not qualified or are flawed in some way.  But, at the same time, Congress should refrain from expanding the overall size of the federal judiciary. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts, I have been conducting a review of the nation's judgeship needs. I hope to have this review completed by this summer. Although it may be true that additional judges are needed in some areas, it is also the case that judgeships should be reduced or at least not filled in other jurisdictions.  A number of these 83 judgeships are not even needed. For instance, in the Judiciary Committee we have already made the case that the 12th seat in the D.C. Circuit should not be filled. We have had chief judges in other courts testify that they don't need seats in their courts filled. This further undermines the argument that there is some kind of a vacancy crisis. As a matter of fact, three of these vacant seats were created in 1990 and have never been filled. If they were so necessary, why didn't a Democrat-controlled Senate fill them in the four years it had to do it? I think the answer is self-explanatory, Mr. President. Those who charge that Republicans are practicing partisan politics against Clinton nominees are the same crowd that brought partisan politics to an art form against Reagan and Bush nominees.  Mr. President, I intend to speak on this matter more as we continue to consider nominees and debate the issue of judicial vacancies further. I urge my colleagues on this side of the isle to do the same.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  