 The development and use of alternative fuels are important to this nation, andwe must encourage their use and development.  Wind energy has long been recognized as an abundant potential source of electric power. A detailed analysis by the Department of Energy's Pacific Northwest Laboratory in 1991 estimated the energy potential of the U.S. wind resource at 10.8 trillion kilowatt hours annually, or more than three times total current U.S. electricity consumption. Wind energy is a clean resource that produces electricity with virtually no carbon dioxide emissions. There is nothing limited or controversial about this source of energy. Americans need only to make the necessary investments in order to capture it for power.  The Production Tax Credit, section 45 of the Internal Revenue Code was enacted as part of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. This tax credit is a sound low-cost investment in an emerging sector of the energy industry. I introduced the first bill that contained this tax credit, so you can be sure that I am sincere in my belief in the need to develop this resource. This tax credit currently provides a 1.5 cent per kilowatt hour credit for energy produced from a new facility brought on-line after December 31, 1993 and before July 1, 1999 for the first ten years of the facility's existence. Last Fall, I introduced a bill to extend this tax credit for five years. My legislation, S. 1459, currently has 22 cosponsors, including half of the Finance Committee. The House companion legislation, introduced by Congressman Thomas, currently has 90 cosponsors, including over half of the Ways and Means Committee. These numbers are a strong testament to the importance of the section 45, and renewable fuels in general.  In addition, I plan to work to expand this tax credit to allow use of the closed-loop biomass portion of this tax credit. Switchgrass from my state and other Midwestern states, eucalyptus from the South, and other biomass, can be grown for the exclusive purpose of producing energy. This is a productive use of our land, and will be an important step in our use and development of alternative and renewable fuels.  I was very pleased to see that Congress expressed its understanding of the importance of alternative and renewable fuels by extending the ethanol tax credit in this year's T-2 legislation. These tax credits are a successful way of promoting alternative sources of energy. These tax credits are a cheap investment with high returns for ourselves, our children, our grandchildren and even their grandchildren. Congress needs to again pass this important legislation to ensure that these energy tax credits are extended into the next century.  