 President, I urge my Senate colleagues to vote against the anti-ethanol tax hike amendment offered by Senator McCain.  The good Senator from Arizona took us down this road last year, only to be turned back by a vote of 69-30.  I want to thank the 35 Republicans and 34 Democrats who joined in defending the Grassley/Moseley-Braun ethanol program extension, and urge that you join us again in defending one of our Nations's bright spots in our long battle to reduce our dependence upon foreign energy.  I want to thank Chairman Roth for honoring the request from Senator Lott, Senator Moseley-Braun, and me to include in the highway bill the same ethanol language that we defended in that 69-30 vote last year.  Mr. President, with increased frequency, we hear loosely tossed around the phrase ``corporate welfare.''  Unfortunately, by failing to establish and apply a consistent, workable definition, ``corporate welfare'' becomes as worn and arbitrary as the term ``pork barrel.''  Is it ``corporate welfare'' for an Arizona road construction company to take a government check to build roads?  Clearly, without the government money, it would not be building roads, so does that make it ``corporate welfare?''  Is it ``corporate welfare'' for a defense contractor to take a government check to build aircraft? Clearly, without the government money, it would not be building military aircraft.  If the key factor in identifying corporate welfare is the receipt of a government check, then America has a lot of companies depending upon corporate welfare.  But what if the company receives no government check--not one thin dime from Uncle Sam?  What if America decides that because it has become increasingly and dangerously dependent upon foreign energy, that we must establish programs and incentives to develop domestic sources of energy and to conserve energy?  What if, instead of doling out government checks to specific corporations, we establish a program to lower the taxes of motorists who use gasoline blended with home-grown ethanol?  That's exactly how the ethanol program works! Not one thin dime from the government goes to ethanol producers such as ADM. We do not pick the winners and losers.  We do not influence, let alone decide or dictate who makes ethanol or who doesn't.  Ethanol is produced by 35 companies with plants in 22 states. Many of these are farmer owned and operated cooperatives that support small towns and small businesses.  Anybody under the sun in America can produce ethanol, and the fact is, one of the biggest growth areas in ethanol production is coming from cooperatives.  But no matter who makes ethanol, they will get absolutely no government funds from the ethanol program that my colleague from Arizona seeks to destroy through a tax hike.  The ethanol program doesn't even fit the criteria outlined by the corporate subsidy reform bill introduced by Senator McCain.  One key test under his bill is whether or not government spending benefits the public, as opposed to a narrow group of corporations. Numerous studies have demonstrated that ethanol incentives provide tremendous economic, energy, and environmental benefits to the public.  Those who oppose the ethanol program are not trying to eliminate a subsidy; they are attempting to impose a tax increase upon America's motorists.  And we all know that the power to tax is the power to destroy, and that is just exactly what will happen if the anti-ethanol forces win.  Ask the Society of Independent Gasoline Marketers of America what will happen. If you deny them the alternative of ethanol-blended gasoline as a supply option, many will no longer be able to compete with the major oil companies. Many independents will be forced out of business by big oil, and gasoline prices will rise.  And rise indeed: According to recent economic analysis, the termination of the ethanol program would force motorists to pay an extra $3 billion for gasoline!  The Midwest Governors Conference analysis of the ethanol program found that it provides a 20-1 return on investment. It adds $4.5 billion annually to farm income, it reduces our trade deficit by $2 billion, and it generates $4 billion in increased federal revenues.  Does the ethanol program promote the public interest? Absolutely.  Is the ethanol program ``corporate welfare?'' Absolutely not!  There is not one shread of credibility to accusations that the ethanol program is corporate welfare.  Unfortunately, many of us have been caught up with misinformation. Misinformation disseminated by big oil's massive brain washing-machine, with it's hyper spin cycle that fuels the engines of tabloid journalism.  Again, it's a massive brain-washing-machine, with a hyper spin cycle. And you thought I was going to say it was a vast right wing conspiracy.  Mr. President, a year or so ago, Senator McCain produced a white-paper which analyzed and critiqued our nation's current defense planning assumptions which require us to be prepared to go it alone simultaneously fighting wars in two regions of the world, and do so with a win-win objective. He concluded that our financial and military resources are stretched too thinly to meet the demands of such a defense plan.  We may not always agree, but Senator McCain rightfully takes a backseat to no one in his understanding of military affairs.  I hope, therefore, he will take to heart my following comments which touch directly upon stretched military resources as well as the question of corporate welfare.  Over 40 years ago, American oil producers convinced the federal government to impose oil import quotas and tariffs with the argument that we faced a national security crisis because we were importing a mere 10 percent of our oil.  Today, our national security crisis is far more severe--we depend upon foreign energy for over 50 percent of our needs. I believe it's about 54 percent today.  In 1995, the administration reported, and I quote:       Growing import dependence increases U.S. vulnerability to a      supply disruption because non-OPEC sources lack surge      production capacity . . . petroleum imports threaten to      impair national security.  Now, Mr. President, what I am about to share, will shed light, not only upon Senator McCain's concern about our military resources being spread too thin, but also upon the very reason our petroleum imports continue to grow and continue to jeopardize our national security.  In 1987, Secretary of Navy, John Lehman, stated that our total cost of protecting the Persian Gulf oil supply lines--forces, training, operations, bases and support--amounted to 20 percent of our total military budget.  That amounted to $40 billion per year that taxpayers were being forced to pay to defend foreign oil.  By any definition, this $40 billion, gold-plated military escort service is a subsidy directly benefiting the major oil companies and the Persian Gulf oil producing nations.  So I ask, isn't this $40 billion military subsidy simply corporate welfare for an exclusive club of oil companies?  And doesn't the expenditure of 20 percent of our military budget to defend oil supply lines partly explain the reason for and suggest solutions to the problems detailed in Senator McCain's white paper?  What would happen if the oil companies, or even the oil producing nations, were required to pay for this $40 billion per year military escort service?  Well, I can hear the oil importers already saying, ``You either pay me now, or pay me later. We'll just pass on the cost to the American consumer with high gasoline costs.''  My answer to that is ``maybe so, but let's take a look at all the trade-offs.''  I ask my colleagues to think about this. One analysis concluded that this $40 billion taxpayer subsidy put the real cost of imported Persian Gulf oil at $140 per barrel, during a time that U.S. domestic producers were getting about $18 per barrel.  Is it any wonder that thousands of American independent oil producers were forced out of business during the 1980's?  Isn't it just a little ironic that these taxpaying oil producers were being forced to subsidize the very foreign competition that was running them out of business?  And, if they were still producing today, would we be so reliant upon foreign oil?  Which, in turn, leads to the question of whether or not we would feel so compelled to devote 20 percent of our military resources to the Persian Gulf in the first place.  Would it not make more sense to let the market place take over by requiring someone other than the taxpayer to pay for this military escort service?  Wouldn't this put Oklahoma and Texas producers back in business?  And to cap it all off, think of this: Most of this subsidized Persian Gulf oil goes not to the United States, but to our economic competitors in Europe and Japan! So here we are, subsidizing the energy of our foreign manufacturing competitors so that they can better undercut American manufacturers.  I'm not sure what we have here: Corporate welfare? Foreign aid? Or is it Foreign corporate welfare?  Picking up on John Lehman's admission that we must devote 20 percent of our military budget to protect Persian Gulf oil supply lines, it goes without saying that we are also talking about the lives of our sons and daughters who bravely, and honorably serve in our military.  And as inflammatory as this may sound to some, the truth is not one of our sons and daughters have ever been asked to sacrifice life or limb to defend the supply lines and production of America's home-grown domestic fuel--ethanol.  Isn't that worth something? Isn't that worth a mere 5.4 cent exemption from highway taxes?  Or is your thirst of tax increases too great to resist?  Are we that blind? Just a few months ago, officials of a Persian Gulf nation admitted publicly that they wanted American oil companies to establish operations in their country. Why? Because they knew the U.S. military would then most definitely come to the rescue if that country faced aggressive military action from a neighboring country.  A few months ago, four of our nation's top national security experts wrote to congressional leaders calling for increased support for ethanol.  They warned, and I quote:       The domestic ethanol industry provides fuels that reduce      imports . . . We implore Congress of the United States to      continue and indeed strengthen tax incentives for the ethanol      industry.       To do otherwise would threaten America's national and      economic security, weaken its plans to improve the      environment and relinquish U.S. world-wide leadership in the      biofuels area.  This letter was signed by: General Lee Butler USAF (Ret.) Former Commander, Strategic Air Command, Desert Storm; R. James Woolsey, Former Director of the CIA; Robert McFarland, Former National Security Advisor to the President; and Admiral Thomas Moorer USN (Ret.), Former Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff.  Mr. President, by using ethanol, Americans reduce by 98,000 barrels a day, the amount of oil and MTBE that must be imported.  But the ethanol program is just one of many government programs implemented to reduce our dependence uponforeign energy. Others include: Mass transit subsidies, energy efficiency and conservation programs, alternative fuel vehicle incentives, subsidies to help oil and gas producers to develop advanced technologies for exploration and extraction, programs to promote natural gas use, and the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.  Let's face it, no single government program can eliminate dependence upon foreign oil entirely, but these various initiatives, taken together as a whole, can help reduce our vulnerability.  I ask my friends from oil and gas states:  Is your problem the farmer and ethanol producer from the middle west?  Or is it OPEC and the oil sheiks from the Middle East?  Isn't it time we started pulling together, instead of pulling apart?  Or do you propose giving up and surrendering to the OPEC oil sheiks by eliminating all energy and conservation programs?  If so, be prepared to face the termination of the 14 cent highway excise tax exemption for natural gas.  Be prepared for the termination of the highway tax brake for propane, liquefied natural gas, and methanol which now only pay 13.6 cents, 11.9 cents and 9.15 cents respectively, instead of the full 18.3 cents per gallon.  Be prepared for the termination of the percentage depletion allowance for domestic producers, which drains the treasury to the tune of $900 million per year.  And while my colleagues from oil and gas states think about this, could they please tell us, are these tax breaks and subsidies programs to promote energy independence, or are they merely forms of corporate welfare?  What about mass transit subsidies. I have seen figures that show some mass transit taxpayer subsidies, for capital and operations, can run as high as $15 per rider. If you assume a 20 mile ride, that comes out to a government subsidy of 75 cents per rider/mile.  Compare the ethanol investment. Ethanol has transported people 200 billion miles at a cost to taxpayers of about 2.5 cents per mile. It's even less if you subtract the savings to our farm programs.  So, which does a better job of reducing our dependence on foreign energy?  Ethanol at 2.5 cents a mile, or mass transit that can cost as high as 75 cents a mile?  We could terminate all these programs aimed at reducing our dependence upon foreign oil.  Are we that short-sighted? Are we that parochial? I think not.  I know we're not, because 35 Republican and 34 Democratic Senators voted to save the ethanol program extension. Senate Republican Leader Lott and Democratic Leader Daschle are both committed to extending this program. House Speaker Gingrich and Minority Leader Gephardt have both pledged to support the ethanol program.  And I know first hand, that both President Clinton and Vice President Gore support the ethanol extension because they both called me at my farm last year to pledge their support.  It would be true folly to destroy one of the few bright spots in our fight for energy independence.  Ethanol production has become highly energy efficient. Today, it takes 100 Btu's to yield 135 Btu's of ethanol. In sharp contrast, it takes 100 Btu's to produce 85 Btu's of gasoline or 55 Btu's of methanol.  And ethanol helps reduce every mobile source pollutant that EPA regulates. It reduces carbon monoxide, ozone, NOX and toxic emissions.  Furthermore, the Department of Energy and the Argonne National Laboratory recently finished a study entitled, ``Fuel-Cycle Fossil Energy Use and Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Fuel Ethanol Produced from Midwest Corn.'' This study reported that ethanol use results in a 50-60 percent reduction in fossil energy use and a 35-46 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions.  Mr. President, I ask my colleagues to join with me and voting against the McCain tax hike amendment.  Ethanol is good for national security. It is good for the environment. It is good for America's motorists. It is good for our balance of trade. It is good for our farm economy.  I have said it before, but it bears repeating. Ethanol is just plain good, good, good.   