 President, I rise in support of the property rights legislation we are currently considering. The question we have to answer today is simple. Do we want to give to homeowners and farmers the same rights to go to Federal court when their constitutional rights are infringed that we already give to flag burners and neo-Nazis who preach hate. For my Part, I think that hardworking farmers and homeowners ought to have at least as many constitutional rights as Nazis and flag burners.  For the benefit of my colleagues, I'd like to point out how this bill would change current law to correct the outrageous preference that activist Federal judges have given to flag burning over property rights. The current bill modifies the abstention doctrine, which provides that Federal courts will decline to hear certain court cases if there is on-going litigation in State court or before a State administrative agency.  Now, on its face, the abstention doctrine sounds good. I believe that Federal courts should decline to hear lawsuits when State governments or State courts are in the process of considering the same issues. This prevents the duplication of efforts and respects States' rights.  The property rights bill we're considering today would create an exception to the abstention doctrine for people who want to protect their constitutional right to own and control their property.  The thing to remember, however, is that the Federal courts have already created exceptions to the abstention doctrine. Let's look at some of the cases where the Federal courts have decided not to abstain. In other words, let's look at some cases where Federal courts went ahead and heard a court case even though a State government was in the middle of considering the same case.  In the case of Collins versus Smith, a Federal court decided not to abstain when a town in Illinois decided against issuing a parade permit to the American Nazi Party which wanted to march in a Jewish neighborhood. The Nazi Party couldn't afford to pay a fee which the town required, and so the Nazi Party was not given a permit to have this march. The Nazi Party challenged this decision as a violation of their constitutional rights and the town was considering whether to waive the fee or not to waive the fee. But the Nazis got tired of waiting and went to Federal court. And the court decided that it would hear the case even though there was a pending State proceeding.  So, the Nazi Party gets to protect their rights in Federal courts--no questions asked and without having to wait for State proceedings to conclude. But property owners don't have that ability. They can't just run into Federal court.  Mr. President, I think that's just plain wrong. I believe that hardworking Americans who own homes and hardworking farmers trying to work their land ought to have at least as many constitutional rights as the Nazi Party. If we pass this bill, we'll stop this unfairness.  Nazis aren't the only ones who get treated better than property owners. Flag burners have it pretty good as well. In Sutherland versus DeWulf, the city of Rock Island, Illinois tried to prosecute someone who had burned an American flag. So the flag burners went straight into Federal court to sue the city government. Even though there were on-going State proceedings, the Federal court decided to hear the case and specifically rules that it would not abstain until after the State proceedings were finished.  Again, this is unfair. It doesn't make sense to say that homeowners and farmers have to wait to have their day in court but flag burners can get their day in court any time they want. I think that property owners ought to have at least as many constitutional rights as flag burners.  So, Mr. President, we have a chance today to correct this absurd preference for flag burners and Nazis. Why should they get a special key to unlock the courthouse doors, while homeowners and farmers have to wait outside the courthouse for years until some Federal judge decides it's okay to file a property rights case. For once, let's use some common sense and pass this bill.  In the last Congress, the Judiciary Committee considered a comprehensive property rights bill. That was a good bill, and the Senate should have passed it. But there was strong opposition from intellectual elitists of the far left who have no regard for the concept of protecting private property rights. Those who spoke against the last property rights bill said it was too broad.  So, this Congress, we have a more narrowly focused bill. But even this more narrow bill isn't acceptable to the opponents of property rights.  Given what I've just pointed out about the preferential treatment that flag burners and Nazis get in terms of access to the Federal courts, I think that just shows how extreme and out-of-touch the other side is on this issue. I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  