 He has worked very hard on it. I have been very happy to be supportive of him--and I am fully supportive of him. I have told him how secret holds have affected me and now both he and I practice what we preach--that is, we declare our intentions to put a hold on a piece of legislation if we decide to take that action. Obviously, being open about placing a hold has worked for us and it is a sound practice.  I want to state the proposition that eventually what is right is going to win out in the Senate. I know that constituents are skeptical about right winning out in this body, and I suppose sometimes it takes a long time for right to win out; but I believe if you feel you are in the right, and that you are pursuing the right course of action and, particularly, as in this case, when your opponents don't have a lot to say about what you are trying to do, I think you can be confident that you are pretty much on the right course. There wasn't much opposition to this expressed on the floor of the Senate last year. My guess is that there won't be a lot expressed this year either, and eventually we will win. I think we will win this year. But if we don't, we are going to win sometime on this proposition because it is so right and because we are not going to give up.  I know persistence pays because it took me about 6 years, ending in 1995, to get Congress covered by a lot of legislation that it exempted itself from. A lot of laws were applicable to the rest of the country and were not applicable to those of us on Capitol Hill. That was wrong. It was recognized as being wrong. So I presented the motions to accomplish the goal of getting Congress to obey the laws everyone else had to follow. They were hardly ever argued against on the floor of this assembly. But in the ``dark dungeons'' where conference committees are held, somehow those provisions were taken out--until after about 6 years of discussing the issue of congressional exemptions, and the public becoming more aware of this shameful situation, finally there was enough embarrassment brought to Congress that we could not keep that exemption from those laws any longer. So we passed the Congressional Accountability Act early in 1995. It was the first bill signed that year by the President of the United States. We have ended those exemptions that were so wrong.  I still remember that, early on in that period of time, how my colleagues would just say privately to me, ``What a terrible catastrophe it is going to be for the Congress to have to live under these laws that apply to the rest of the Nation''--laws like civil rights laws, worker safety laws, et cetera. We have had to live under those laws for 3 years now, and it hasn't harmed us at all. It has been good for the country to have those of us that make laws have to actually understand the bureaucratic morass and red tape you have to go through to meet those laws, and some of the conditions on employment, some of the working conditions in the office, some of the wage and hour issues that private employers have to go through. We understand those now. We have to be sympathetic to their arguments more because we have to live under those laws.  Well, that is one example of right ultimately winning. That brings me to what is right about this. There are plenty of reasons for holds, and there is nothing really wrong with holds. There is nothing that our legislation says is wrong with holds. But the reasons can be purely political. Sometimes holds are put on for one colleague to use as leverage with another colleague, to move something that maybe another individual is blocking. There can be truly flawed legislation, and maybe there such holds legitimately allow more time to work things out. However, other holds can be purely a stalling tactic. A hold could be all could be for all of those reasons and more. It doesn't matter what the reason is. We don't find fault with those reasons. We only say that the people that are exercising the hold, for whatever reason, ought to say so, and why.  It is going to cause the Senate, I think, with our amendment, to be run more openly and efficiently. It is going to lift one of the veils of secrecy. It is not going to lift all of the veils of secrecy in a parliamentary body. I don't know that I would call that all of them be lifted. I am not sure I could even enumerate all of the layers of secrecy that might go on. But this is one form of secrecy that is not legitimate.  As I said, we do not ban holds or the use of them, for whatever reason they might be made. We just stipulate that they must be made public so that we know who is putting the hold on. We would like to know why the hold is being put on, but that is not even a requirement in our legislation. Just tell who you are. You don't even have to say why. It is pretty simple. It is pretty reasonable.  A lot of my colleagues, I think, fear retribution. If they are putting a hold on for a legitimate reason, why should they have to fear that? Maybe the greater good of the body, the greater good of the country would be their motivation. They might think they would experience some sort of retribution and that is why they may not want their hold to be known. I say that, after 2 or 3 years of practicing open holds myself, there is no fear of a hold being known. I can tell you this: I probably was somewhat nervous the first time I announced that I was going to make public in the Congressional Record why I was putting a hold on. I thought that maybe I was opening myself up to a lot of retribution, a lot of trouble that I don't need. I probably don't use holds very often. You could probably count the number of times on one hand that I would use a hold in the course of a Congress. Regardless, the times that I have done it, I can tell you that there is no pain. No harm came to me. There is no retribution that came to me as a result of it from any of my colleagues. And 98 others beside Senator Wyden and myself could do that, and they don't.  I can tell you about the problems I have had finding out who has a hold, why they have a hold; and then we have had these rotating holds where somebody has found out and some friend will put a hold on in his place. You run those things down. It is not a very productive way to be a Senator. If I can go to the Congressional Record and find out who doesn't like my proposition, who doesn't like this nominee, et cetera, I can go to that individual and just talk up front about the reason, and I think it will even speed up the work of the Senate. If each Senator can be a little more efficient, then the Senate is going to be a little more efficient body as a whole.  So this is one of those things that, from every angle--every reason for making a hold open is a good reason. Look at all of the prospective opposition to it and the reasons for the opposition. First of all, people don't very freely express opposition to it. But when they do express an argument against making holds open, it is not a very good reason to be against it. When you have these public policy arguments for making holds open that are good, good, good, why should we waste any time? They just ought to be adopted; they ought to be a part of the practice and make the public's business more public. That is what the Wyden-Grassley amendment is all about. I hope my colleagues will support us in this effort.  I yield the floor.  