 He, along with me and Senator Kerrey of Nebraska, was very much in the middle of the work of the IRS commission as representatives of the Senate on that commission, and also working with the legislation as members of the Finance Committee to bring about the consumer-friendly IRS that the legislation is supposed to do.  Obviously, I am chagrined that there is still an attitude within the IRS that would be interpreting tax law the way that the Senator from Missouri has described it. I think he has accurately described it, because this morning when I was preparing to come to work I heard on WTOP the very news story to which the Senator from Missouri refers. I could only think in terms of, well, maybe it is a joke. Obviously, it is not a joke.  But I also thought in terms of Mr. Rossotti, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, had to be hearing that same report as we did. And before he got to the office, I hope that he had made some phone calls to make sure that this erroneous interpretation of law would be corrected, because that is what I would expect from Mr. Rossotti.  To the Senator from Missouri, I will be glad to sign the letter that he has. I would also hope that Mr. Rossotti has this situation taken care of before the letter is received from the Senator from Missouri.  Also, I would expect that the Senator from Missouri expects Mr. Rossotti, who is not a tax attorney and who was hired specifically by the President of the United States because he came from the business world, from an organization and a business that he formulated that was only successful because he was able to satisfy his consumers--he built his organization from a few employees to several thousand employees. He was willing to give this up because he knew that the challenge of making the IRS a more consumer-friendly organization was a legitimate challenge that had to be met, and he was willing to do that.  So I see in Mr. Rossotti a person who is going to get this taken care of very quickly so we do not have to worry that when that 62nd home run is hit by McGwire that there is going to be a tax consequence as a result of hitting the 62nd home run.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  