 President, today we introduce two bills that will help farmers. These bills take another step in insuring the viability of family farming into the next century.  This first bill clarifies the laws regarding both Section 521 and Subchapter T agricultural cooperatives. Recent action by the Internal Revenue Service hinders farmers' attempts to form value-added cooperatives and to use these cooperatives as a source of income and stability. Specifically, the IRS changed its position of allowing cooperatives, in connection with their marketing functions, to manufacture or otherwise change the basic form of their members' products without jeopardizing the cooperatives' status.  Farmers value-added cooperatives were designed to encourage farmers to own the businesses that process their products, and to give them the benefit of the finished product. These cooperatives help create new products that benefit farmers. The IRS is choosing to differentiate between using a machine process and using a biological process to manufacture the finished product. There should be no difference--there isn't for business, there isn't for farmers, so there shouldn't be for the IRS.  The second bill that we are introducing today will take Aggie bonds out from under the private activity bond cap. Aggie bonds are an important tool for first time farmers. Removing them from the existing cap will greatly enhance the opportunities for beginning and less established farmers and ranchers to acquire affordable, low cost credit for agricultural purchases. Most industrial revenue bonds are typically issued for millions of dollars, underwritten, rated and sold to investors. Aggie bonds, which cannot exceed $250,000, are not underwritten, are not rated, and are not sold to investors. Rather, they are sold to local lenders who finance beginning farmers with a lower than normal interest rate. Several states would like to start offering Aggie bonds but cannot because their volume cap is already used for non-agricultural projects. Many other states, including my state of Iowa, cannot meet the demand for Aggie bonds.  These are two bills that will help farmers now, and always. These offer immediate help, and are part of the tax code restructuring that we must enact to make the playing field fair to America's farmers. I want to thank Senator Moseley-Braun for working with me on these important pieces of legislation. 