 President, I rise today to offer an amendment to this year's Defense bill to address the unexcusably lax procedures for disposing of surplus military equipment which currently exist. There have been several media reports indicating that these procedures are unacceptably loose. To examine this issue, I chaired a hearing on the proper disposal of military surplus before the Judiciary subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts. I was alarmed at the ease with which hostile foreign nations like China can purchase classified military items from depots right here in America.  Mr. President, my amendment makes several much-needed reforms. First, the amendment requires the Secretary of Defense to assign codes to military equipment. These codes determine whether the equipment can later be resold to the public as surplus or if the equipment must be destroyed before it can be resold as surplus. Further, the amendment gives the Secretary of Defense the authority to take whatever steps he deems necessary to fulfill this responsibility. Finally, my amendment creates a new export control law which closes loopholes in current law which arms smugglers use to avoid prosecutions for exporting military surplus. Importantly, this new export control law has the support of the administration.  The problem of lax disposal procedures isn't new. The first congressional hearings on this topic were conducted in the early 1970s. At that time, Congress received testimony that the Pentagon's program for ensuring the proper disposal of surplus items was in shambles.  Mr. President, after my hearing, I can say that the disposal process is still badly in need or reform. My hearing showed that there is a cavalier attitude toward the disposal of surplus equipment that presents a real danger to our national security and to the safety of the American people. In one case, the Pentagon lost track of surplus equipment valued at 39 million dollars. That's a lot of stuff to lose in just one transaction.  It seems to me that disposing of tanks or missiles or classified military equipment in a way that keeps them out of the hands of hostile foreign nations or terrorists is really central to the military mission, and so I hope my colleagues will support this amendment.  Under current practice, the Pentagon has decided the answer to the question of what to do with surplus parts is to sell them to the highest bidder, with practically no controls in place. The few controls that are in place, which are supposed to make sure that military-grade surplus doesn't end up with terrorists or hostile nations, continue to be an abject failure by any reasonable standard.  Mr. President, the depots which sell sensitive military surplus have become thriving terrorist flea markets. In fact, the Pentagon even has a world wide web homepage to advertise military surplus for sale--some of it classified. Who knows, right now some of Saddam Hussein's henchmen could be browsing this homepage looking for spare parts or new weapons.  One way to measure whether an agency takes a problem seriously is to look at how that agency disciplines its own employees when their misconduct contributes to that problem in other words, how does the Pentagon react when one of its own employees breaks the rules on disposing or dangerous military surplus? By that standard, it appears to this Senator that the Defense Department doesn't take security breaches at military depots very seriously. For instance, it's my understanding that the chief of a depot in Crane, Indiana was not seriously reprimanded for allowing over 70 grenade launchers to be sold without being properly destroyed. To date, only about 30 of those launchers have been recovered. What's the result? Every once in a while, law enforcement seizes one of these missing grenade launchers from a gang of criminals. Pentagon sloppiness is making criminals even more dangerous and well-armed.  In another case which caused problems for law enforcement, the Justice Department had to drop illegal export charges against an arms smuggler who had tried to send armored personnel carrier parts to Iran. The Justice Department had to drop the charges because the defense logistics agency had assigned the wrong code to the equipment.  Another indication that the Pentagon doesn't take the issue of properly disposing of surplus very seriously is that no one from the office of the Secretary of Defense would come to testify at my hearing--despite repeated requests that someone appear who could speak for the Defense Department as a whole. That's why my amendment puts the responsibility for disposing of surplus in the office of the Secretary of Defense. Congress needs to have someone to look to if there is to be genuine accountability.  Finally, I'd like to sum up the situation we have here. Despite congressional oversight going back to Senator McLellan's 1972 hearings, nothing has really changed. Therefore, it's clearly time for Congress to step up to the plate and take action. That's why I am offering this amendment to the DOD authorizations bill to give law enforcement an enhanced ability to catch arms smugglers who are targeting military surplus.  But helping law enforcement is only part of the solution that's merely reactive. What we really need is for the Pentagon to get its house in order and prevent this problem from happening in the first place. So, my amendment requires the office of the Secretary of Defense to take control of the surplus issue.  I think it's fair to say that if classified or highly sensitive military technology is being sent to foreign nations and terrorists, we have a clear threat to national security. We have dangerous weapons going from our own military depots into the hands of criminals. My amendment would give law enforcement the tools they need and would hold the Department of Defense accountable for solving this problem. I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment, and I yield the floor.  