 President, on Friday, a new audit report was released by the Health Care Financing Administration. It is the Chief Financial Officer's report. It shows that a staggering $20 billion of tax dollars were improperly paid through Medicare last year. That is 20 billion reasons to defend the False Claims Act and oppose the bill percolating in the House that's being pushed by the American Hospital Association, and sponsored by Congressman Bill McCollum--H.R. 3523.  The audit is only the latest reminder of why the False Claims Act is the law of the land. Whether it is the derivation of the law signed by Abraham Lincoln in 1863, or the amendments that I sponsored, which passed in 1986, the reason the law exists is to protect the public's vital interests.  In the case of health care, those vital interests are clear. The False Claims Act helps maintain the integrity of Medicare so that senior citizens won't have to fear the possibility that the program won't be there for them in the future. It helps maintain the standards we want for our seniors with respect to the quality of health care. The False Claims Act is beginning to be used successfully by U.S. Attorneys to improve the quality of care in the health care industry, such as nursing home care.  Finally, the False Claims Act is the final yet most effective line of defense to protect the taxpayers' hard-earned money. Since my amendments in 1986, the Act has been used to return more than $4 billion, fraudulantly taken, back to the taxpayers. Nearly $2 billion of that is from the health care industry. And somewhere between $150 and $300 billion-worth of potential fraud has been deterred.  There is a critical and obvious need for the False Claims Act to safeguard the public interest. The Act is also highly successful. It has built up a track record for accomplishing exactly what it was designed to do--to promote integrity in taxpayer-funded programs.  Suddenly, integrity in such programs is under a fierce attack. The attack is the McCollum bill, which would gut the False Claims Act. What's wrong with this picture?  The McCollum bill is a misguided missile in the war against fraud. If it passes, perpetrators of fraud will be celebrating in the streets. It is ill-founded, and would send the wrong message both to the public and to those who would commit fraud.  The bill is the product of the American Hospital Association. The AHA came to me earlier this year and reported what they claim are examples of the Justice Department going after hospitals with heavy-handed tactics, and using the False Claims Act to prosecute innocent mistakes. I also visited with the Iowa Hospital Association, from my home State.  After listening to their concerns, it seemed to me that the examples the AHA provided spoke more to problems in the implementation of the law, rather than to problems with the law itself. I agreed to approach the Justice Department and help begin a dialogue between DOJ, the AHA, and myself and other members of Congress. The goal was to examine the evidence and see where the problems were occurring and why. And then to fix any real problems.  After much examination and discussion, I and others determined that the AHA had some legitimate concerns involving the way some U.S. Attorneys were communicating with some hospitals around the country.  To its credit, the Justice Department has reevaluated its process and made changes. It has changed its approach, and has taken steps to ensure higher standards prior to any investigation for fraud. It is not often that the Justice Department willingly reexamines its process, admits changes are needed, and then makes them. Because it did so in this case, I believe that the Justice Department should be commended for its responsiveness.  As a case in point, let me refer to a letter I received this month from the president of a medical center in Iowa. Next year, he will be in the leadership of the Iowa Hospital Association. He is one of those who had expressed concerns to me months ago about how the Justice Department was implementingthe False Claims Act. After the dialogue, and after DOJ changed its process, this official wrote to me and said he was satisfied that the law doesn't need to be changed. This official further says that after meeting with the local U.S. Attorney, he is confident in DOJ's intentions to not use the False Claims Act to go after honest mistakes.  In this case, the dialogue seems to have worked. Reason prevailed. Where reason has not prevailed is with those supporters of the McCollum bill who believe that the False Claims Act should be gutted anyway. There is a logical disconnect between the problems identified by the hospital industry, and the solution they now advocate.  Pure and simple, the False Claim Act is a tool against fraud. It is not to be used, and is not used, against innocent mistakes. There is clearly an agenda behind this bill. It is to remove the taxpayers' most effective weapon in its arsenal against fraud. And it is being pushed by some in an industry that has been clearly ravaged by those who have committed fraud.  There is no question that the vast majority of hospitals and hospital employees in this country are honest, civic-minded, and true public servants. Many are absolute heroes. Those in industry who get caught committing fraud threaten to give the industry a tarnished reputation.  If that is so, can't we also say that those who are pushing to gut the law also threaten to give the industry a tarnished reputation? After all, given the changes made by DOJ, there is no empirical basis for this bill. Just as changes were demanded of the Justice Department to refrain from taking action without a legal or factual predicate, shouldn't there be a legal and factual predicate for advancing this bill. There is none.  The McCollum bill is not designed to stop the prosecution of innocent mistakes. Rather, it would make fraud easier to accomplish more often. And, it would establish new ``look-the-other-way'' loopholes, including for on-going cases such as Columbia/HCA. And remember, this bill would do all that at a time when there's $20 billion of potential fraud out there, fraud in the medical industry has been rampant, and the public has had it up to their keesters.  Is this what the supporters of the McCollum bill really think the public wants and needs? Do you really thing the public wants a white flag of surrender in the war against fraud?  Specifically, the McCollum bill would do the following:  First, it would create a ``fraud-free zone.'' No false claims case could be brought unless the taxpayers' damages are a ``material amount.'' That ``material amount'' is unclear but it could be as much as ten percent. In other words, we will write off the first 10 percent of fraud. In effect, it legalizes or legitimizes up to ten percent of what is now illegal. For a company like Columbia/HCA, for example, which pulled in more than $6 billion from the taxpayers last year, the first $600 million would be okay. For the entire Medicare program, which was $210 billion last year, we could write off the first $21 billion. That is a $21 billion loophole. A real whopper.  Second, let us say a false claims case involved a ``material amount.'' there are still three more ways a company could get off the book anyway. The McCollum bill would open up three more whoppers to raise that $21 billion--``free fraud zone'' to substantially more. Companies would be able to better insulate themselves from liability simply by, among other things, showing a commitment to setting up better procedures in the future despite defrauding Medicare today.  Finally, the bill would make it much harder to provide that claims were wrongfully submitted. The normal standard for civil statutes is ``a preponderance of the evidence.'' The McCollum bill would raise it to ``clear and convincing evidence.'' That is basically a criminal standard, not a civil one. Once again, reason has not prevailed in the formulation of this bill.  The McCollum bill would establish a fortress around the medical industry. It would prevent legitimate efforts on behalf of the taxpayers to punish those bad apples that undermine the integrity of health care programs and raid the treasury. The solution is not to gut the law. The solution was and is to take the steps DOJ has already taken, and to ensure DOJ stays on that rack in the future. We have addressed the process dealing with innocent mistakes.  At the same time, we need the toughest possible law to go after mistakes that aren't innocent. Those who continue down the road of supporting this bill pose a clear and present danger to the public's vital interests--to the highest quality of health care for our senior citizens, and to the integrity of how our tax dollars are spent.  