 President, I rise today in support of the Home Health Access Preservation Act of 1998, which I am introducing today. I have been deeply involved in home care issues throughout my career, and that involvement has deepened in the past year. It was 1 year ago that the Special Committee on Aging, which I chair held a hearing on fraud and abuse of the Medicare home health benefit. That led to a roundtable, where we brainstormed on solutions to that problem. That discussion led to turn to a bill, the Home Health Integrity Preservation Act of 1998, which I was proud to cosponsor with Senator Breaux.  In March of this year, the Aging Committee held another hearing on home health. This hearing focused on the Balanced Budget Act provisions affecting seniors' access to home care. At this hearing, we learned of the serious problems being caused by the Health Care Financing Administration's surety bond regulations, as well as by the Interim Payment System for home health. Like the earlier hearing, this hearing led to two pieces of legislation. The first was Senate Joint Resolution 50, which would have vetoed the surety bond regulation. I was pleased that this effort brought the administration to the bargaining table, and I believe that the surety bond problem will be solved as we work together.  The second piece of legislation to come out of that hearing is the bill I am introducing today. It addresses a major piece of unfinished business in the home health area, and that is the Interim Payment System. What's wrong with that system? In short, it bases payment on an individual home health agency's historical costs from Fiscal Year 1994. That means that if the agency had high cost per patient in that year, it can receive relatively high payment this year. However, if the agency had low costs in that year, its payments this year is severely limited.  This approach would be fine if the Health Care Financing Administration knew that the higher-cost agency had sicker patients this year, but the sad truth is that HCFA has no idea. So the interim system has been a windfall forsome agencies, but crushing for agencies with low historical costs. In Iowa, we are blessed with many efficient providers, but this system seems to prove the old adage that ``No good deed goes unpunished.'' In many cases, the providers who are suffering--and more importantly, whose patients are suffering--are those who most want to keep in the Medicare program.  Another feature of the system is that it treats older and newer home health providers in completely different ways. In some areas of the country, new agencies simply cannot compete with older agencies, while in other areas (such as Iowa), it is the older agencies that are at the disadvantage. This kind of arbitrary distinction just doesn't make sense.  For months, I have worked with a bipartisan group of Finance Committee members on fixing the Interim Payment System. This bill is the product of those efforts. Believe me, if this were an easy issue to tackle, I would have introduced this bill months ago. Instead, we have gone to great lengths to get input from home health providers, as well as from a broad range of Senate colleagues. Those efforts have paid off, and I am gratified to be introducing the bill with seventeen original cosponsors, and maybe more by the end of the day.  The bill has a number of features, but its basic approach is to abandon our reliance on individual agencies' historical costs. Instead, it would pay all agencies--old or new--based on a 50/50 blend of national and regional average rates from the 1994 base year. This 50/50 blend is the only approach that can win support from all parts of the country. In addition, the bill seeks to provide supplemental payments for patients with long stays as home care recipients. We think it is essential that agencies be compensated for taking these neediest patients.  The bill is budget-neutral, which in my opinion it has to be in order to have a chance of passage. There is a great deal of concern, which I share, about the automatic 15 percent cut in all home health payment that will occur in October 1999. We did consider an attempt to address that cut in this bill, but the cosponsors have learned from the Congressional Budget Office that, under its methodology, such language would send the bill's costs skyrocketing. We think that this would doom the bill's chances of enactment this year. We do believe that there is a crisis that needs to be addressed this year, and thus we have not included the 15 percent provision in the bill. I will urge the Senate to revisit that issue next year, when we'll have more information on home health cost growth or decline, but for now it cannot be addressed.  If there was any doubt about the need for action to rectify the Interim Payment System, I believe that it has vanished with the administration's recent indications that prospective payment will not be ready in October 1999, as mandated by Congress. Just this morning, at a hearing of the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Health, the administrator of HCFA confirmed that the Year 2000 computer problem has made meeting the deadline totally impossible. In fact, at HCFA's suggestion, we have written the per-beneficiary limit numbers into the bill itself, so that HCFA will not need to issue a regulation in order to implement the bill. HCFA just doesn't think it could issue a regulation doing so, in light of its Year 2000 problems. The fact is that we do not know when prospective payment will be ready. We had better do what we can now, to make sure our agencies can hang on until that day.  Let me make a comment about political realities. Our focus was on creating something that could actually pass this year, and so the bill is a product of compromise. In talking with home health providers, I find that many of them understand the need to be realists. I wish that the big national associations were equally reasonable. It is already the middle of July. This bill's moderate approach is the only one that has any chance of moving this year. If there really is an emergency in home health, which I believe, then everyone needs to get serious right now. Let me be more explicit: I call on the home health industry to recognize that this approach is as good as it's gong to get, and to support it. I call on HCFA to make fixing this system a top, near-term priority. And I call on my colleagues here in Congress to unite around a moderate, feasible formula. Our Nation's seniors and disabled are waiting for us.  