 Senator Durbin has cooperated very well in the subcommittee's work and the committee's work to bring the bill this far.  Why are we introducing a bankruptcy bill? Why do we need major bankruptcy reform? I think it is pretty simple that under the current system an individual can avoid paying the debts that he has incurred with few, if any, questions asked even if that individual has some ability to repay all or a portion of those debts.  This much too easy bankruptcy system encourages irresponsible behavior and costs businesses and ultimately consumers they serve millions of dollars a year, adding up to $40 billion a year in added cost to product and service.  They have to raise their prices to cover this. You, as a consumer, pay this. That is $400 for the average family--a hidden tax. You can see this being possible because individuals can declare bankruptcy under chapter 7 where debts are rarely repaid. Or there is the choice of chapter 13 which requires debtors to repay a discounted portion of their debts. And obviously--and this bill does that--Congress should encourage the use of chapter 13 where creditors will at least receive something, whereas under chapter 7 rarely anything.  Our bill imposes a means test for people who declare bankruptcy. If a person can repay all or some of their debts now, or even over an extended period of time, they will either have to file under chapter 13 or stay out of the bankruptcy system entirely. This will mean that the businesses which extended credit in good faith will not be left with absolutely nothing.  Our bankruptcy reform bill imposes a means test by letting creditors file motions under section 707(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. These motions would raise evidence concerning a debtor's ability to repay debt.  Under current law, creditors--the people with the most to gain or lose--are expressly forbidden from doing this. By opening the doors to creditor involvement, businesses can become masters of their own destiny.  Of course, in order to prevent abusive court filings--we don't deny that there can be some abuse of this privilege, but we have included penalties if a court dismisses a creditor's motion and determines that the motion was not substantially justified.  Our bankruptcy reform bill contains a unique feature which will provide important assistance to small businesses which may not be able to afford to press their case in bankruptcy court. The chapter 7 public trustees--these are the private individuals who administer bankruptcy cases and who are in the best position to know whether debtors can repay their debts--are allowed to bring evidence and motions to the bankruptcy judge. If the judge grants a motion to dismiss a bankruptcy petition or to transfer the case to chapter 13, the attorney for the debtor will be fined and the fine will be paid to the chapter 7 trustee as a reward, as an incentive for detecting an abuse of the bankruptcy system by a debtor and by the counsel for that person that owes money.  Thus, a well-informed cadre of bankruptcy trustees with a meaningful financial incentive will be empowered under this legislation to find debtors who could repay and get them into chapter 13 or out of the bankruptcy system entirely.  A recent survey of chapter 7 trustees indicated that over 80 percent of the trustees would use this power if it were given to them. Empowering chapter 7 trustees will help small businesses since the effect of transferring or dismissing a case will be that creditors will collect more and bills will be paid. There will be less of an incentive to go into chapter 7 willy-nilly if there is somebody looking over the shoulder to see that it has been done right. We then avoid those people who might be shady, those people who might be using bankruptcy as part of personal financial planning. Under this procedure, small businesses would need only to sit back and let the trustee seek his reward and would not have to spend a dime to litigate the case.  This is important legislation. It will help all consumers because it will help businesses collect debts that will otherwise remain unpaid and be passed on to the people who pay their debts and never declare bankruptcy. This bill isabout basic fairness. It is about time that Congress provides fairness for all consumers.  Madam President, I think it is very important that we consider on this latter point that I made about the trustees being able to review these bankruptcy cases, that we make very clear that this ought to encourage the bankruptcy bar, to some extent, to be very careful, whereas we feel some are not so careful now in its present environment of the last 20 years of counseling people into bankruptcy in the first place or into chapter 7 as opposed to chapter 13. I don't think a lawyer is going to want to take a chance on being penalized for putting somebody in chapter 7 that should have been in chapter 13; or even putting somebody in bankruptcy that shouldn't have been there in the first place. We feel that we need to get the bankruptcy bar back to the point where they are advising people; that in every instance a person might feel that they want to go into bankruptcy, that it might not be justified.  I yield the floor. I want to give my good friend, the Senator from Illinois, an opportunity to speak on this subject.  