 President, there are two people I would like to mention before I make my remarks. I commend the chairman of the Finance Committee, Senator Roth, for improving this bill as it has made its way through the legislative process. Too often, I see bills deteriorate as they are worked on by various subcommittees, committees, and on floors of the Houses of Congress. They sometimes deteriorate in the process to a lesser bill than we originally sought. This piece of legislation started out as a product of the National Commission on the Restructuring of the IRS and, for the most part, the recommendations of the commission were not changed as it went through the legislative process. But there were considerable additions made to this legislation. Senator Roth needs to be complimented for making this a better bill as it is now in this conference report. Each step of the way it was improved, which is the result of the hearings that he had last fall and in the spring of this year.  The second person that I compliment is not part of the legislative process, but is the new Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, Mr. Charles O. Rossotti. He was appointed by the President last fall and confirmed and has been on the job now 8 or 9 months. I compliment him because he has not waited for Congress to act before making much-needed changes in the administration of the Internal Revenue Service.  What I sought when I wrote to President Clinton in December of 1996 was to urge that the President appoint a nonlawyer to be IRS Commissioner--the first time that that has been done in four decades. I recommended that it be somebody from the private sector, a nonlawyer, who would know how to run an organization. This person would know how to make the IRS should be: oriented toward serving the taxpayers. I didn't know that the President would take my suggestion so seriously. But he did. He appointed Mr. Rossotti.  Mr. Rossotti comes from a very successful career in the private sector, having formed a corporation of his own, from a few employees to thousands of employees. He left that environment--a very successful business--to serve the people of this country as IRS Commissioner. Being successful, as he was, would not have happened if he had not tried to serve his customer. So having that attitude come into the IRS will result in a breath of fresh air. It should make the IRS oriented toward consumer satisfaction. I have hope that he his insight will help the IRS respect the taxpayer, and as a result, it will make the collection of taxes much more efficient as well.  Mr. Rossotti has not waited for Congress to act until he started to institute a lot of reforms. I say that he, from day one, started to carry out the spirit of the commission's recommendations before they were ever enacted into law. He needs to be complimented for doing that.  On the first day that the Restructuring Commission met in the fall of 1996, various commission members were asked to tell what they thought we ought to try to accomplish through the coming year's work. When they got to me as one of the four congressional members of the commission, I said that I wanted to make sure that the IRS becomes more consumer friendly. If it became more consumer friendly, the taxpayer would honestly enjoy working with the Internal Revenue Service. I hope that is what this legislation does. Obviously, we won't know for several years if that sort of reform has been brought about, but that was my goal in the fall of 1996, and I think the commission's recommendations tended to go in that direction.  As I have complimented Chairman Roth, I think the bill has even gone beyond our committee recommendations in that direction--ultimately, to eliminate the culture of intimidation within the IRS and to make sure that the IRS sets a standard for the taxpayers of this country. This bill will make the IRS deliver accurate information in a timely fashion and in a courteous way. In other words, this bill should make the IRS treat the taxpayer exactly as the IRS expects the taxpayer to treat it. The IRS expect prompt and accurate filing on April 15.  So today is a very proud day for me. It is a proud day for the U.S. Senate. Maybe it brings a little common sense to Washington nonsense as well. Today, we declare a victory--a victory for the American taxpayer and for Congress. We have done something very good in this legislation. This is Government serving the people at its finest. It is for causes such as this that I am in public service.  Let me explain why we did what this conference report does. I want to give you an example to explain why we found it necessary to pass a bill that comprehensively restructures and reforms the Internal Revenue Service. One Christmas Day, maybe 5 or 6 years ago, as I sat around the Christmas tree opening presents with my family, the telephone rang. On such a glorious day of good cheer and hope, I answered my telephone in high spirits. The woman at the other end of the line, a constituent of mine, was in tears. Her husband was critically ill and the IRS was coming after them for everything that they owned. I don't mean that they were coming after them on Christmas Day, but it was Christmas Day that this taxpayer of mine was bothered by this thought of dealing with the IRS.  The taxpayer of mine owned very little, but the IRS was after it. She had no idea what to do. She had nowhere else to turn. So on Christmas Day, that day of hope to us, she picked up the telephone and called me. I have my name listed in the telephone book, so I am easy to get ahold of. She called someone she had never met, someone she only knew by reputation. This woman was at the end of her rope and she had nowhere else to turn. She didn't understand what was happening to her. She only knew that the IRS washarassing her to pay the debt that she didn't know they had, and it was not willing to work with her on that debt.  Let's think back to the hearings the Senate Finance Committee held in the last year. We heard from victims of the IRS, about harassment and about abuse. We heard from IRS employees about the culture of intimidation at the IRS, which results in taxpayer abuse and keeps good employees from climbing the career ladder. These hearings touched a nerve with the American public, and they did so for a very good reason. We all saw ourselves in those stories--either in the victim, or we knew that it could have been us.  There are critics of this legislation. To the critics I say this: We have different friends; we talk to different people. I am convinced that the critics have never spoken to a taxpayer facing the loss of his home, wondering where his family will sleep that night. They have never spoken with a woman who had IRS agents screaming and threatening her in front of her family. They have never spoken with the average taxpayer who works hard to make ends meet, pays his taxes on time and doesn't want to spend his kids' college fund on attorneys to fight the IRS. These are the people to whom I talk. These happen to be my constituents. These are the people who send me to represent them. This bill is for those constituents of mine.  It is for the average American taxpayer, who is neither an accountant nor a lawyer. It is for the average American taxpayer who is not sure how to navigate the system, but who wants to stand up for himself in true American fashion. It is for the IRS employee who wants integrity in his workplace and reward for a job well done.  This legislation is not a rash effort. It was not hatched overnight. Rather, it is the product of years of study and work. Senator Kerrey and I were honored to serve on the National Commission on Restructuring the Internal Revenue Service. In June, 1997 this commission released an 80-page report of recommendations to radically restructure the IRS. These recommendations were turned into legislation, which Senator Kerrey and I introduced in the Senate, and Congressman Portman introduced in the House.  There are many people who worked on the effort you see before you today. I have already complimented Senator Roth, the Chairman of the Finance Committee, for holding two series of important oversight hearings. These gave us further insight into the IRS and gave this legislation the momentum it needed. He also has shown great leadership in strengthening the House-passed bill, and navigating it through the conference committee.  Senator D'Amato and Senator Graham should be thanked for their leadership to provide relief for innocent spouses. Senator Mack should be thanked for his leadership in creating confidentiality between an accountant and his client. And, of course, my friends Senator Kerrey and Congressman Portman must be recognized for their untiring work, for endless hours on endless days, on the Restructuring Commission and this legislation.  Let's talk about what this bill does. First, it provides oversight and it mandates accountability. It was Justice Louis Brandeis who said, ``sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants; electric light the most efficient policeman.'' This legislation provides sunlight and electric light throughout the IRS.  First, this bill creates a new Inspector General for Tax Administration within the Treasury Department. This new IG will be dedicated solely to oversight of the IRS. He or she will have all of the powers and responsibilities given by the Inspector General statute. This office will also assume most of the responsibilities now performed by the IRS' Inspection Service. This change moves the oversight function out of the IRS and into the Treasury Department where it can be more impartial and effective.  This bill also requires that this Inspector General for Tax Administration randomly audit IRS denials of public information requests. I have found, and have heard from others, that the IRS sometimes hides improprieties by claiming the information is protected for taxpayer confidentiality or law enforcement reasons. However, upon further investigation, it has been discovered that the redacted information has nothing to do with either taxpayer confidentiality or law enforcement. It simply admits IRS error and admits IRS error, and it gives them an opportunity to hide from public scrutiny. Claiming taxpayer confidentiality or law enforcement as a reason to redact or fail to release information lets the IRS avoid oversight by Congress, the press and the public.  To help guide this agency and keep it on track, this legislation also creates an Oversight Board. This Board should be comprised mainly of management experts, who will guide the IRS and keep it honest and well administered.  In addition, this bill makes it easier to hold IRS agents accountable for their actions--both good and bad. The bill makes it easier to fire bad IRS employees, and easier to reward outstanding IRS employees. It also makes it easier to sue the IRS for the actions of its agents. It expands the cause of action in civil court to permit up to $100,000 in civil damages or harm caused by an officer or employee of the IRS who negligently disregards the rules of that agency.  Another major achievement of this bill is that it increases taxpayer rights. As an author of the first two Taxpayer Bills of Rights, I am particularly qualified to testify to the importance of this section of the bill--the Taxpayer Bill of Rights 3, as we refer to it. This bill will help even the playing field even more between the taxpayer--particularly the average taxpayer who can't afford to spend a lot of money for counsel--and the IRS. It will help taxpayers to understand the process. It will help put customer service back into the Internal Revenue Service.  Specifically, this legislation shifts the burden of proof from the taxpayer to the IRS is many tax disputes. This bill also gives relief to innocent spouses. Innocent spouses are people who didn't take part in the tax shelter or tax planning that results in a tax assessment. Their marriage has broken down and they are left with little except the IRS pounding on their door--the door of the innocent spouse. It is important that we collect tax when it is due, but also that we don't collect money from people who are not at fault and who don't owe it.  Another important step--this bill increases the independence of the Taxpayer Advocate. The taxpayer advocate is renamed the National Taxpayer Advocate and the local problem resolution officers will become local taxpayer advocates. The local taxpayer advocates will report to the National Taxpayer Advocate rather than to the district director to avoid the intimidation that comes from such relationship with district directors.  This bill also gives the taxpayer relief from interest and penalties in some situations. For example, this bill suspends penalties while an installment agreement is in effect. It suspends the statute of limitations to file for a refund during times of disability. It gives taxpayers more due process rights before the IRS can levy or seize property, and makes it easier to contest the placement of a lien. And the IRS can't seize a principle place of residence or a small business until it has exhausted all other payment options.  In addition, this legislation makes important strides towards empowering taxpayers. I sincerely believe that educating the taxpayer is half of the battle. Americans are generally strong, self-reliant people. Letting them know their rights and responsibilities gives them the ammunition to stand up for themselves. For example, this bill requires the IRS to make extra effort to alert taxpayers to the joint and several liability incurred just by signing an income tax form. It requires the IRS to rewrite Publication 1, which is called ``Your Rights as a Taxpayer'' to more clearly inform taxpayers of their rights to be represented at interviews with the IRS, and if the taxpayer is represented, that the interview cannot proceed without the presence of the taxpayer's representative unless the taxpayer consents. The IRS also must include with the first letter of deficiency a description of the entire process from examination through collection, including the assistance available to taxpayers from the taxpayer advocate at various points in the process. And now any taxpayer in an installment agreement will receive an annual statement of the initial balance owed,the payments made during the year, and the remaining balance.  This bill also provides greater taxpayer protection during the audit process. It extends the attorney-client confidentiality privilege to some communications between an accountant and a client. This bill makes it impossible for the IRS and the taxpayer to agree to extend the statute of limitations on collection actions beyond 10 years unless there is an installment agreement in place. Then the statute of limitations can only be extended until the end of the installment agreement, plus 90 days.  Further, the IRS must always inform the taxpayer of his or her right to refuse to extend the statute of limitation and to limit an extension to specific issues.  These are just some important aspects of this legislation. I think it is landmark legislation, at least landmark for the last 45 years. I am proud to be a part of this effort. This legislation reflects hard work by so many of us. This effort will be rewarded by the sunlight that will shine into the IRS, giving it the oversight that it needs and the accountability that the taxpayer deserves.  This is a great day. It will be a greater day if down the road a few years I come to the conclusion that this legislation has effectively eliminated the culture of intimidation within the IRS. Today this bill sets a standard for the IRS to treat the taxpayer the way they expect the taxpayer to treat the IRS. In other words, this bill helps the taxpayer get timely information, accurate information, and courteous service--because that is what the IRS expects of the taxpayer on April 15 each year.  I yield the floor.  