 President, I wish to comment on the Medicare home health care provisions in the omnibus bill the Senate passed today over my dissenting vote. Along with a bipartisan group of my colleagues, I've worked since early this year to persuade the Senate to revisit home care. Now that we've done so, I have mixed feelings about the product. First, let me tell you what is good about it.  It is good that we listened to our constituents and took action on this issue. The Aging Committee held a hearing on this issue in March, and it was clear then that we had a major problem on our hands. From then to now, believe me, every step has been a struggle. As late as last Thursday, this issue was declared dead here in the Senate. But last minute calls from a number of us to the leadership led to the issue being taken up, and that's a good thing.  It is good that the bill delays the 15-percent across-the-board cut in home health payments that was slated to occur in October 1999 if HCFA missed the deadline for the new Prospective Payment System (PPS). It's HCFA's fault, not that of home health providers, that PPS won't be ready in time, so the cut would have been unfair. The bill delays the cut until October 2000, and PPS should be ready by then, meaning that the across-the-board cut will never occur. We will all need to monitor the development of PPS closely, but this delay buys us some important time.  The final good thing I can say about the bill is that it does provide modest relief to low-cost agencies, such as most Iowa providers. It moves them about one-third of the way up to the national median. That's all.  So what's wrong with it? In short, its increase in payment to low-cost agencies is far too small. The negotiators accepted the House view that all high-cost agencies should be held harmless. This tied up money which should have been used to provide more equity to low-cost agencies, the ``good guys'' who provide home care without unnecessarily burdening Medicare.  Because the bill provides so little relief to low-cost agencies, those agencies are still at risk of closure. If an agency can't stay in business for at least another year, the delay of the 15-percent cut scheduled for October 1999 will not help it. For me, saving those agencies--in order to preserve access to home care for those they serve--was the foremost reason to act this year. We did not do what we needed to do.  In a sense, the new law makes that bad situation even worse. If existing agencies must close their doors, especially in lightly populated rural areas, we could hope that new agencies would open to take on their patients. But the Senate receded to a House provision putting such new agencies at a marked payment disadvantage, making it unlikely that any will open. This should be a matter of grave concern to all of us.  The bill that I drafted with Senators Breaux, Baucus, and Rockefeller, S. 2323, was a hard-fought compromise among differently situated States. As evidence that it was a good compromise, it garnered a majority of Finance Committee members as cosponsors, including those from States with relatively high- and low-cost agencies. It also greatly simplified the Interim Payment System, providing for more uniform payment for agencies, and eliminating the distinction between old and new agencies. If anything, the provision in the omnibus bill makes our earlier bill look even more attractive, because today's bill further complicates home health payment, and makes payment even less uniform.  Finally, Mr. President, I cannot resist pointing out the flaws in the process by which this provision was developed. The process was profoundly undemocratic. After many months' discussion, a strong majority of the Finance Committee agreed on an approach to this issue. We were then told that, out of the whole Senate, only a single Senator from a State with a tremendous number of agencies, manywith very high costs, would object to this consensus approach. Unlike other Senators from similar States, who recognized the need for some high-cost agencies to accept some reductions as part of a compromise, this Senator had not cosponsored any of the reasonable reform bills or otherwise contributed to the discussions during the course of the year. While that Senator cited fiscal responsibility as the reason for his objection, it was no secret that his constituents included so many of the highest-cost home health agencies--the defense of which would seem to be the antithesis of fiscal responsibility.  Precious days passed while no action was taken, and no explanation was offered. We Finance Committee members were essentially strung along, learning to our dismay each day that the bill had not been brought to the floor, where the objecting Senator would have to defend his position, if he dared. In the end, a deal was cut in a rushed, secret negotiation at the eleventh hour. Members who had labored for months to find a workable compromise were not invited to participate, while the alleged objector was. That Senator's State's high-cost agencies were thus given virtual veto power. It should be no wonder that we ended up with what we did.  Here in Congress, a good process does not guarantee a good result, but a bad process almost certainly guarantees a bad result. It pains me that the seniors and disabled who rely on the Medicare home health benefit will have to bear the consequences of the Senate's bad process.  While noting the errors of the Senate on this issue, I would be remiss not to note the responsibility of the home health industry and the Clinton Administration. The industry spent months pursuing unrealistic approaches and failing to unite behind reasonable reform. We'll never know how differently this debate might have turned out if they had been willing to make some hard choices earlier in the process, rather than do the impossible by attempting to please all their constituents. Similarly, we will never know how the issue would have played out if the Administration had participated as full partners. Throughout the year, they were willing only to provide technical assistance, never offering reform ideas of their own, no matter how much Members of Congress from both parties pleaded. I will never understand why they decided that home health care was Congress' problem and not theirs. I hope that the industry, the Administration, and Congress will all approach this issue differently next year.  The prospect of dealing with this issue again in 1999 is not one that many of us relish. But I'm afraid that we will have to do it. In fact, what I really fear is that our best, most efficient home health providers will not be around when we return to this issue. We simply did not do enough for them this year. Let's not kid ourselves that we did.  