 President, I, unfortunately, oppose the amendment by the Senator from Missouri. I say ``unfortunately'' because the Senator from Missouri has good motives in offering his amendment. They come from the fact that he has been an outspoken advocate for small business in the Senate. He has made a career of promoting an environment very good to small business, and obviously we all know that sometimes the Internal Revenue Service is one Government agency that tends to be anti-small business. We had a lot of information coming out of our hearings that IRS agents are told to go after the small people--forget about the bigger, wealthier people--because smaller people do not have the resources to fight.  That is particularly true of small business where you have accumulated some wealth in a small business but you do not necessarily have a lot of income. And so you do not have the resources to fight the IRS. So I do not find fault with the motives behind what Senator Bond is trying to do.  I definitely believe this bill we have before us, including the provisions for an advisory board, has been well thought out. The National Commission on the Restructuring of the IRS created the concept of this Board. We assessed the various pros and cons of separating the IRS from the supervision of the Secretary of the Treasury and making it more independent. We decided that it needed more independence. Next, we had to decide how the independent operation should be governed. To answer this, we came up with the Oversight Board.  So I thank Senator Bond for his advocacy for small business and his concern about this important legislation. But at the same time I think I must rise in opposition to this amendment. The Commission came up with this idea of having an oversight board for the IRS after months and months of discussion and consideration. It was a recommendation that we on the Commission put in our report because we thought it would keep the IRS on track and improving in the right direction. The Senator from Nebraska and I made this board one of the centerpieces of our legislation, S. 1096, which, of course, was the first comprehensive IRS reform legislation introduced in the Senate.  The National Commission on Restructuring of the IRS--Senator Kerrey and I, two members of the House of Representatives, and 13 other people served on this Commission. Ten of the members were nongovernmental, private sector people who knew about the problems that the private sector was having with the IRS. We fully considered adopting a full-time oversight board at one time, but we came to the conclusion that it was not an advisable thing to do. We decided that this part-time board would be more effective, and I will give you the reasons for that.  First of all, the purpose of the board is to be advisory, not to manage the IRS. It is meant to function like a corporation's board of directors. It is not intended to get involved in the day-to-day operations of the IRS because the IRS already has a leader--the commissioner. And by the way, this is the first nonlawyer and more specifically nontax lawyer who has been head of the IRS. Mr. Rossotti, or somebody with his background from private sector management, brings to the management of the IRS a person who is consumer oriented, customer oriented. His own private sector corporation had to satisfy his consuming public for the services that he sold or he would not have been in business. He would not have developed a successful business. So to have a nontax attorney for the first time running the IRS is very, very good because it brings somebody in there who knows that organization ought to serve the taxpayers and not be a master of the taxpayers. He has already led the organization in some important changes and I have great confidence that he will continue to make productive changes. He will do a better job because of this legislation.  In addition, it seems to me that a full-time board would not attract the people who we want to attract to this board. A full-time board too often in this town attracts inside-the-beltway, Washington career people. That is not the type of person we want on the board.  What the IRS needs is guidance from people who come from the real world of work, people outside the beltway, people who are real Americans. It needs experts in business, management and customer service. It needs people who are willing to take the time in the name of public service to help guide the IRS, through this recovery period it is now in. The IRS does not need people who consider the full-time job of being on the IRS board a good career move. The fact is the people we want to serve on this board will not give up their full-time jobs to do it.  This bill is not intended to create more bureaucracy. We have too much bureaucracy already. This is generally true throughout Government. But we found it is definitely the case in the IRS. A full-time board would just be one more layer in an organization with way too many layers of bureaucracy already. For these reasons, I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment. If we want the IRS to be customer friendly, like a corporation must be, we must give it a corporate-like board.  I thank the Chair. I yield back the remainder of my time to be reserved.  