 He is to be commended for that because there is abuse in this area and our bill reflects that.  So I say to the other 99 Members of this body--and also it would include people who are helping Senator Kohl on this amendment--Senator Kohl should be recognized as a leader in this area to bring some uniformity to our bankruptcy code among the 50 States to stop a very serious abuse. I have been trying to work with the Senator from Wisconsin, supporting his amendment to cap homesteads since he offered that amendment in the subcommittee markup. In fact, he was the very first Senator to be recognized in our subcommittee when we had the markup of this bill. He was successful there.  In the last Congress, I accepted Senator Kohl's amendment to cap homesteads at $500,000. This principle actually passed the Senate unanimously at the end of the 104th Congress, but the House failed to act on the technical corrections bill to which the homestead matter was attached.  In this Congress, the idea of capping homesteads is a genuine bipartisan one, and I know both the Senator from Wisconsin and the junior Senator from Alabama are strong supporters of the $100,000 cap currently in this bill. But the fact is that the other body has passed a bill which does not have homestead caps. In other words, we have a key difference between House and Senate bills on this point.  Obviously, I support the Senate bill, which I have worked on so hard with Senator Durbin, but I don't want to go into the conference situation with my hands tied in any way. Some have tried to get me to do this on other provisions in this legislation, and to do so prior to conference. I have resisted all efforts in this area. I am compelled to resist this effort of instructing conferees. However, I am not going to object to this sense of the Senate going into my bill since it restates what is already in the legislation, and I think that restatement is a perfectly legitimate thing for us to do this way. And so from that standpoint, I compliment Senator Kohl for his continued hard work and his efforts.  I yield the floor.  