 President, I had asked one of the smartest people in the Senate on this issue, Senator Domenici, to debate it. And there is going to be some discussion of this amendment tomorrow before we vote on it. At that time, Senator Domenici will speak about it for our side. But I also want to address the issue shortly, but not from the standpoint of the merits of where interest rates ought to be, but just the issue of whether or not it is appropriate to do this on this bankruptcy legislation, as well as the whole issue of whether or not Congress should try to interfere with the issue of the Federal Reserve deciding what the interest rate should be. Because I think it is fair to assume that we want to make sure that interest rates are appropriate. But who should make that decision?  So I offer this advice to my colleagues on this amendment offered by my colleague from our State of Iowa, Senator Harkin.  While we are all for lower interest rates, I think this amendment should be opposed because of the traditional separation of the Federal Reserve from the political process. What we generally speak of is the independence of the Federal Reserve System. For short, we all speak of the independence of the Fed.  This country has a very long history of protecting the work of the Federal Reserve from political manipulation. Since the 1930s, Congress has gently refrained from passing legislation in an attempt to influence monetary policy. In fact, according to the Congressional Research Service, in the past 25 years, Congress has acted on only five occasions on legislation that affects the Federal Reserve System. Most of these actions have been in the form of nonbinding resolutions or report language. So congressional action of a statutory nature has been rare, and when it has been done whenever Congress has spoken on this issue, it seems it has had a very tempered approach. Maybe we ought to say that this sense of the Senate is a tempered approach in the sense that it doesn't change statute, but still it is an attempt by a political body to influence a part of our government that we have always tried to keep immune and separated from politics.  There is a sound reason for keeping the Fed independent of this political process. It is because we in this body, whether we want to admit it or not, tend to think too much for the short-term. We tend to think in terms of the next election rather than the next generation. Too often, it is even more personal than that--what can I do to increase my chances of reelection? These short-term policies, as we too often find out, can lead to long-run disasters.  While increasing the money supply can put more people to work prior to an election, of course, it can lead to crippling inflation in the long run. The Fed appropriately is not subjected to the pressures to do something potentially reckless for the purpose of short-term gain. This policy has served us well for generations and the U.S. economy remains the envy of the world because of it. In fact, in this decade alone, many nations have followed the lead that the United States has practiced for over 60 years. They have done this by bringing more independence to their own central banks. Great Britain, under a new labor Prime Minister, has moved to make the Bank of Englandmore independent. Other European Union nations in their new union have committed to an independent central bank upon the creation of that monetary union which starts January 1, 1999.  Furthermore, every nation that has faced a monetary crisis in recent memory has attempted in the name of reform to keep its central bank from political influences. We saw it in Mexico just 3\1/2\ years ago when the peso declined so rapidly in Mexico. They have moved in that direction. We see it today in Japan, Korea, and Thailand. A major reason for each of their economic problems, of course, is the cronyism in bank lending practices and political influence over the banking systems. Maybe another way to say it is too much of an incestuous relationship between their corporations and their government, between their bank and their government, to a point where there was no arm's length transactions; the marketplace did not work appropriately. Nobody had to make a sound business judgment because there was always somebody there to bail them out.  These people now, after the crisis in Southeast Asia, have begun to see the wisdom of a central bank, free of political influence. We should recognize the wisdom of it, as well.  As I said earlier, we are all for low interest rates. The relatively low interest rate environment that we currently enjoy has allowed millions of Americans to purchase a home for the first time. It has kept the cost of doing business for small business and farmers down. It has helped the Federal Government reduce its budget deficit by reducing the costs of the national debt.  Instead of pointing fingers at the Fed, Congress should instead focus on the things that are within its authority that lead to lower interest rates, like balancing the budget and reducing Government borrowing. We have been on this course now for the last 3 or 4 years. So, September 30th of this year for the first time we can tell the people we finished the fiscal year not only with the budget balanced but with paying down, probably 60-billion-some dollars, on the national debt.  During this 30-year period of irresponsible Federal spending in which the national debt has been run up to $5.4 billion, and without the changes made in the last 3 or 4 years, at the end of the Clinton administration the debt could have gone to $6.7 billion--at least that is what we were projecting in the 1994 budget resolution discussions. During this period of time of 30 years the Fed has been a counterbalance to an irresponsible Congress, trying to make sure that inflation was kept down as a result of fiscal policy that would tend to drive interest rates up for the Federal Government because the Federal Government always stands first in line for credit and is always willing to pay more and will pay more than any other borrower would pay or have to pay.  Congress has sole constitutional authority over the fiscal policy of this country, and in many respects fiscal policy has had as big an impact on interest rates as monetary policy. For instance, interest rates will remain relatively high as long as the Federal Government is competing with borrowers for money. That is why I find it interesting that often the same Members who want to direct monetary policy at the Fed tend to vote against sound fiscal policies such as balancing the budget and reducing Government spending.  If a Congress did its job of managing fiscal policy better, maybe we wouldn't have to worry so much about what the policy of the Federal Reserve is. Now we are in a position of balancing the budget, paying down some on the national debt, not having the Federal Government eating up all of the total credit that is needed, the Federal Reserve job will be much, much easier.  In short, I oppose these efforts to subject the decisionmaking of the Federal Reserve to the vagaries of the political process. By most accounts, the Fed has been largely responsible for this period of unprecedented economic growth fueled by both low interest rates and low inflation. So I say that we should stay on course that Congresses for the past 60 years have laid out for us, and that is keeping the Fed free of political influence that has led to economic calamities in so many other parts of the world.  I yield the floor.  