 President, we probably have fewer Republican Members with amendments to offer, but I have also been on the phone to talk to those people, as well, to come to the floor to expedite this process. The Senate majority leader and Senator minority leader really want this bill to be passed.  As I said, we need a long time to conference--our bill is quite a bit different from the House bill--to work out the differences and get a bill to the President before we adjourn.  Mr. President, I would like to discuss several provisions of the consumer bankruptcy reform act which will greatly enhance the ability to collect child support from people who owe child support. When the Judiciary Committee marked-up the Consumer Bankruptcy Reform Act, I joined with Senators Hatch and Kyl to add an amendment to the bill which would protect and enhance the status of child support claimants during bankruptcy proceedings.  The bill, which were reported out of the committee on a bipartisan vote of 16-2 now provides that child support obligations must be the first obligation paid during any bankruptcy proceeding. Under current law, child support is paid 7th so that often there just aren't funds available to pay to ex-spouses and children. I think that this bill will be tremendously helpful for those who are owed child support.  And the National district Attorneys Association agrees with me. This organization represents more than 7,000 local prosecutors throughout the United States, many of whom must enforce child support obligations under title IV-D of the Federal Social Security Act.  On September 2d, 1998, NDAA President John R. Justice wrote me to express the association's belief that this legislation will ``substantially assist'' efforts to collect child support for the children and spouses of debtors who have filed for bankruptcy. This letter went on to note that association supports the act because S. 1301 contains ``enormous enhancements to support collection remedies'' and represents a ``major improvement to the problems facing child support creditors in bankruptcy proceedings.''  The reason it's important to put child support claimants at the top of the list during a bankruptcy proceeding is that most bankrupts don't have enough money to fully pay all their creditors. So, somebody's not going to be paid. This bill makes it more certain that child support will be paid in full before other creditors can collect a penny. That's real progress in making sure that children and former spouses are treated fairly.  Also, the amendment accepted by the committee provided that someone owed child support can enforce their obligations even against the exempt property of a bankruptcy. This means that wealthy bankrupts can't hide their assets in expensive homes or in pension funds as a way of stiffing their children or ex-spouse. This is another example of how this legislation will help, not hurt, child support claimants.  Outside the bankruptcy context, when there are delinquent child or spousal support obligations, State government agencies step in and try to collect the child support. S. 1301 exempts these collection efforts from the automatic stay. The ``automatic stay'' is a court injunction which automatically arises when anyone declares bankruptcy and it prevents creditors from collecting on their debts.  But, now, if this legislation passes, State agencies would be in a much better position to collect past due childsupport. In practical terms, this means State government agencies attempting to collect child support can garnish wages and suspend drivers licenses and professional licenses. Mr. President, clearly, this bill will help State governments catch deadbeats who want to use the bankruptcy system to get out of paying child support.  Taken together, these changes will significantly advance protection for child support claimants in the context of bankruptcy proceedings. This is why the National District Attorneys Association, an organization which represents many of the prosecutors who must enforce child support obligations, supports this bill. And these changes provide yet another compelling reason to support S. 1301.  