 President, we have just been delayed somewhat in the start of the bankruptcy bill. But I think it would still be appropriate to make some comments, even though in morning business, on the issue of why we need a bankruptcy bill.  I suggest, first of all, as the Senator from Massachusetts has correctly stated, there were 1.4 million bankruptcies last year. That was a 30-percent increase over the previous year. And the previous year was a big percentage increase over that previous year. So in the last 3 years we have seen an explosion of bankruptcy filings in the United States.  That is a tremendous economic problem. It is a problem for families that have to go through this. It is a problem for the consumers because bankruptcies raise costs for consumers. And there are lots of reasons for the rise in bankruptcies. In the 20 years since we have last had major bankruptcy legislation, we have seen a dramatic increase in bankruptcy filings, more than under any previous act. And we have had national bankruptcy legislation for 100 years this year.  In the period of time since we have had the latest bankruptcy legislation that was passed in the year 1978, out at the grassroots of America there has been a feeling that it is too easy to get into bankruptcy.  I don't want to say that a bankruptcy law, in and of itself, is the only reason we are having a high number of bankruptcy filings. But during this period of time in the last 20 years, I have had hundreds of people tell me that it is too easy to get into bankruptcy. I have had not one person say to me thatit ought to be easier to get into bankruptcy. And I have even had some people who have gone through bankruptcy who said it was too easy.  I mentioned the legislation of 1978 may be one reason for the increase in bankruptcies. I think also the Federal Government itself in that period of time has not set a very good example for personal finances by having 30 years of unbalanced Federal budgets. After all, if the national leadership of America can spend beyond its means for 30 years, doesn't it kind of set an ethic and a tone for the people of this country that maybe debt isn't so bad and it is possible to live beyond your means?  Hopefully, this September 30, at the close of this fiscal year, for the first time in 30 years we are going to balance the budget and have a surplus. And we are going to pay down at least $68 billion, according to the latest estimates of what we will pay down in that national debt. Maybe we are going to turn that bad example around a little bit so that if people now do not see the Federal Government borrowing money for such long periods of time, maybe families and businesses of America will take a little bit different look at their debt as well.  Then, of course, we have had the banks of America sending out so many credit cards, maybe not with the idea that they encouraged debt, but at least have left the impression upon the consumers of America that there was another way of doing business than just out of the billfold. I do not think that has set a very good example. I am not saying that there isn't a legitimacy about credit cards and that probably it is very convenient for some people and other advantages, but again, it is a new approach that parallels this high number of filings that we have had and may be another reason beyond the Federal Government's borrowing, beyond a 1978 statute that made it a little easier to go into bankruptcy, another reason why we had 1.4 million people filing for bankruptcy last year.  Then lastly--and maybe I should not say lastly--but lastly as far as the reasons I would give, and there might be a lot of other reasons that somebody else could give, but there does not seem to be the shame connected with bankruptcy that there used to be. I do not know why. It may be all of the above that I have mentioned--more credit cards, making it easier to get into debt, and you just chip away at people's ethical thinking, the Federal Government setting a bad example, a liberal bankruptcy law passed in 1978. But somehow we have to think in terms of people looking at the moral dimension of their finances, and also then an extension of that moral dimension is a moral look at bankruptcy--right or wrong--and whether or not it is OK to break a contractual obligation to respect debt and meet the obligation.  One other thing I should say is that I think that to some extent--and it is difficult to quantify all these factors that I give--but I think that within the legal profession there are some lawyers who are not counseling people about bankruptcy the way lawyers used to feel an obligation to counsel people coming to them for help. I guess we think that is a serious enough problem that we put some discouragement in our legislation to the bar just willy-nilly putting people into chapter 7 bankruptcy.  But I think if we could get the bar itself to take another look at the practice of bankruptcy lawyers, and suggest a little more caution, a little more counseling, a little less use of paralegals in the process of the filing of petitions, and probably a person that is maybe not in a very good position to counsel, that all of these things would help. So we have a situation that needs to be dealt with. That is why we offer this legislation.  Mr. President, I want to provide some overview of the need for bankruptcy reform and how the bankruptcy reform bill before the Senate makes meaningful bankruptcy reforms in a fair and balanced way. In fact, in the Judiciary Committee, the bill passed out of the committee on a strong, bipartisan vote of 16 to 2. So, we have a good bill and one that most Members of the Senate should be able to support.  Mr. President, the polls are clear that the American people want bankruptcy reform. In Iowa, 78 percent of Iowans surveyed favor bankruptcy reform. And the picture is the same nationally. According the PBS program ``Techno-Politics,'' almost 70 percent of Americans support bankruptcy reform. Clearly, the time to act is now.  Let me start out by saying there is some justification for bankruptcy. People hurt by natural disasters, catastrophic illness, divorce, etc., are entitled to a new start. Our society has provided for that. About 80 percent of the people who declare bankruptcy are in desperate financial straits. The problem is that some people use bankruptcy as a financial planning tool to get out of paying debts which they could pay. The convenient use of the existing bankruptcy laws is the driving force behind bankruptcy reform. We have a bankruptcy system that lets higher-income people write off their debts with no questions asked and no real way for creditors to prevent this from happening. The end-result is that everybody else who pays their bills ends up paying for these abuses through higher prices.  Last year we had a record number of Americans file for bankruptcy. Of course, each bankruptcy case means that someone who extended credit in good faith won't get paid. While estimates differ as to the exact number, American businesses are losing around $40 billion a year as a result of bankruptcies.  Now, big banks and big business are in a somewhat stronger position to deal with these losses than smaller businesses. Large banks and big business can offset bankruptcy losses by increasing the amount they charge to other customers. That's an important point, Mr. President. Under the best of circumstances, where a big business can stay afloat in the face of large losses due to bankruptcies, other consumers pay the price. Hence, the hidden bankruptcy tax.  This hidden tax affects consumers who play by the rules. These consumers, the vast majority of consumers, must pay through higher prices and interest rates for consumers who write their debts off in bankruptcy. My legislation will reduce this tax by requiring those consumers who have the capacity to repay their debts, or some portion of their debts, to do so.  But that's the situation with big businesses who can survive in the face of huge bankruptcy losses. What about the small business people who have to close their doors because they can't afford to absorb the loss of so much income. The Consumer Bankruptcy Reform Act that is before us will reduce bankruptcy losses by ensuring that those who can repay their debts be required to do so. That's just common sense. On the other hand, if you're truly down and can't afford to pay anything, this bill still guarantees complete bankruptcy relief.  The editorial page of the Des Moines Register stated on march 13, 1997, that bankruptcy ``was never intended as the one-stop, no-questions-asked solution to irresponsibility,'' But that's just what we have today. And that is just the problem this bill addresses.  So, as we move forward to more debate on bankruptcy reform, I hope we keep in mind the fact that bankruptcies of convenience impose a hidden tax on hardworking Americans who play by the rules and pay their bills on time. Let's cut that tax. Lenient bankruptcy standards seem to foster a lack of personal responsibility. After all, why tighten your belt and pay what you owe when you can just walk away from debts by declaring bankruptcy? I think my bill makes sense and that's why it passed out of the Judiciary Committee by a vote of 16 to 2.  Mr. President, I would like to say a few words about the history of bankruptcy. Congress' authority to create bankruptcy legislation derives from the body of the Constitution. Article I, section 8, clause 4 authorizes Congress to establish ``uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States.'' Until 1898, we did not have permanent bankruptcy laws in this country. The previous bankruptcy laws were temporary in nature and were largely enacted as a reaction to a financial crisis. With each successive bankruptcy act and each major reform or our Nation's bankruptcy laws, we've refined our conception of how bankruptcy should promote the important social goal of giving honest and unfortunate American a fresh start.  The bill we're considering today makes fundamental changes to our bankruptcy laws. These changes are a logical outgrowth and extension of our various bankruptcy reform efforts. From 1898 until 1938, consumers had only one way to declare bankruptcy. It was called ``straight bankruptcy'' or ``chapter 7'' bankruptcy. Under chapter 7, which is still in existence, bankrupts surrender some of their assets to a bankruptcy court. The court sells these assets and uses the proceeds to pay creditors. Any deficiency is wiped out.  But starting in 1938, Congress created chapter 13, which allows a debtor to repay a portion of his or her debts and keep all assets. Under current law, the choice between chapter 7 and chapter 13 is voluntary. In the mid-1980's, Senator Dole and Congressman Mike Synar tried to steer higher income bankrupts--who could repay some of their debts--into chapter 13. My legislation follows the attempts at reform Senator Dole made when he was on the Judiciary Committee.  Finally, Mr. President, when and if we get to S. 1301, there will be a managers' amendment, which will permanently reauthorize Chapter 12. Chapter 12, which I authored in 1986 because of the farm crisis, is due to expire this October. I hope that, for the sake of the farmers of America, we will be able to get this bill brought before us. We now have a motion to proceed because there was an objection from a Senator, and I hope that all of these Senators will take into consideration that with low farm prices now--and I hope there is not an agricultural crisis long-term although there is a crisis this minute--and that farmers will have special protections under Chapter 12 bankruptcy, like other sectors of our economy have a special procedures for them, so that we will be able to have an orderly handling of that.  