 President, as we take up the conference report to the bankruptcy bill, I want to make clear that this report is a balanced and fair compromise between the House and Senate bankruptcy bills. The fact of the matter is that the process of a conference is a process of joining two bills that have passed both Houses in different forms.  One of the key differences between the House and Senate was the question of means testing. The House had a very strict formula, while the Senate bill contained a change to a section of the bankruptcy code which directs judges to consider repayment capacity.  On this point of means testing, the House had one provision formula driven, very much different from the Senate provision that was more subjective in the decision of a judge of whether somebody should be in chapter 7 or chapter 13. But, obviously, even in the Senate bill, we had penalties and incentives for people who should be filing under chapter 13 but, in fact, filed under chapter 7. We had these differences on means testing between the House and the Senate.  Under the conference report that is now before us, a debtor can file in any chapter of the bankruptcy code, and before a debtor can be transferred from chapter 7 to chapter 13, a judge will review the merits of each case.  Mr. President, I think this is important to understand because we provide that every single person who wants their day in court with due process will get it, because under the conference report, each debtor will receive an individual hearing and get a chance to press his or her own case. In other words, the conference report maintains the judicial scrutiny that I think was the distinguishing factor of the Senate bill's means test. Of course, we have a flexible means test before us today that is a product of the conference compromise.  When the Senate considered my bankruptcy reform bill, I spoke at length about the need for reform, and I would like to restate those points as we go to final consideration, after this conference report was overwhelmingly passed by the House of Representatives just a few hours ago.  The need for this bill is based upon the statistics of bankruptcy, and those statistics speak for themselves. The number of bankruptcy filings has skyrocketed in recent years. In 1994, the total number of nonbusiness filings was just over 780,000, probably thought to be too much at that time, and maybe the number was too high at that time. But in 1996, this figure jumped to 1.1 million, and, astonishingly, the 1997 figure was almost 1.35 million. Of course, the trend is continuing.  There is no letup in the dramatic increase in the number of personal bankruptcies being filed even this very day in this country, because filings for the first quarter of 1998 are over 20,000 higher than for the same time last year. They are almost 90,000 ahead of the first quarter of 1996. Unfortunately, the future looks even bleaker. A study released just a few days ago predicted that the number of personal bankruptcies will exceed 2.2 million by the year 2001.  If there is any better reason or rationale for the adoption of this conference report by this body before we go home for recess, it is that the high number of personal bankruptcy filings is continuing to shoot up at a tremendous rate, unjustified for the economic conditions we are in. We think 1.4 million is too high. In 3 years--in 2\1/2\ years--they will be well over 2 million if we don't do something about it, and I think this legislation will do something about it.  The interesting and alarming thing is that this unprecedented increase in the filings for bankruptcy comes at a time when our economy is very, very healthy. Disposable income is up, unemployment is very low, and the interest rates are very low.  Here is something that just does not make sense, then. Common sense and basic economics would say that when times are as good as they are now--almost the longest peacetime recovery this country has ever had--when the economy is flourishing, that bankruptcies should not shoot up as well; that is, unless there is something wrong. And there is something wrong.  The bankruptcy code is flawed. There is need for reform. There is not any shame connected with bankruptcy anymore. There is lack of personal responsibility. There is lack of corporate responsibility, as well as credit card companies are pushing credit cards into mailboxes every day. And the bankruptcy bar is not adequately counseling people as to whether or not they should even be in bankruptcy, let alone discouraging them from being in chapter 7 when they should be in chapter 13. But with all of these put together, Mr. President, in my view, the main problem in our bankruptcy law, quite simply, is that current law discourages personal responsibility.  Let me start out by saying that most people who declare bankruptcy because of their low incomes, their inability to pay, probably are correct in doing so. When I say that, that does not counteract what I just said about assuming personal responsibility or not having some shame connected with bankruptcy. But as far as our present law is concerned, and their ability to repay, I would have to say that that is probably where they should be.  But that does not mean that we do not have a responsibility through our society and through the standards set by our Government to do something about the fact that so many people are in bankruptcy in the first place. We will have to deal with that sometimeother than in this legislation, because this legislation is dealing with the fact that those who have the ability to repay ought to not get off scot-free. But if you do not have the ability to repay, then, of course, that is another consideration. You have to deal with that in some ways differently than what we do in this legislation.  Estimates vary, but about 80 percent of the people who declare bankruptcy are in desperate straits. And then under the principle that we have had for the last 100 years in our bankruptcy laws, particularly if this is in situations beyond their control--like natural disaster, death, divorce, medical problems--then they may need to get a fresh start.  The problem is, Mr. President, as I have already hinted, some people use bankruptcy as a financial planning tool. They do it to get out of paying off debts which they could pay off. And that is what is pushing the desire for bankruptcy reform. We have a bankruptcy system that lets higher-income people write off their debts with no questions asked and no real way for creditors to prevent this from happening. And this legislation deals with that unjust situation--unjust for creditors, unjust for consumers, because consumers pay it, and too just for people who have the ability to repay.  As I said so often last year, we had a record number of Americans filing for bankruptcy. Of course each bankruptcy case means that someone who extended credit in good faith will not get paid. While estimates differ as to the exact number, American businesses are losing about $40 billion a year as a result of consumer bankruptcy.  You might say, well, big banks and big businesses are in somewhat of a stronger position since they can offset these losses by increasing the amount that they charge other customers. That is an important point, Mr. President. Under the best of circumstances, where a big business can stay afloat in the face of large losses due to bankruptcies, then it is simple: Honest customers pay the price because there is no free lunch. This is like a hidden tax--a hidden bankruptcy tax--which consumers pay, people who play by the rules pay. Because, as businesses end up writing off their debts in bankruptcy, the consumers make it up.  So my legislation would reduce this tax by requiring those consumers who can afford to pay, who have the capacity to make good on their debts, or even some portion thereof, to do so. But that is the situation with big businesses that can pass it on. They can survive in the face of huge bankruptcy losses. They stay in business. They get consumers coming to their door. The consumers pay. But there are a lot of small business people who have to close their doors because maybe they cannot afford to absorb the loss of so much income and consequently do not have the ability to pass it on to their consumers. The Bankruptcy Reform Act limits complete debt relief to only those who cannot repay their debts. Those who can repay their debts are required to do that. And of course, that is common sense.  That is one important aspect of the legislation, the means testing provisions of it. There was a compromise between the House and the Senate. The House had that very strict formula that decided whether a person was in bankruptcy 13 or bankruptcy 7. We had a subjective judgment with encouragement for people to be in chapter 13 and penalties to those who went into 7 when they had the ability to repay and should have been in 13. But it was very subjective, and it took motions by creditors. It took action by trustees to bring that about, and it took penalties against lawyers who were not properly counseling the debtor. So we joined these together to have the bright line of the House version of who should be in chapter 13, but we also make sure that every debtor gets their day in court with due process to make sure they have been treated fairly.  So we move on to another hot-button issue. On this issue the Senate prevailed. The conference report still provides that child support obligations must be paid during any bankruptcy proceeding.  You can see here in this chart, under the conference report, child support and alimony receive first priority. Child support must be paid in full before debt forgiveness. You can see across here, under current law child support/alimony is seventh in priority. We move that to first in priority. You can see that under present law there is no requirement to pay child support before debt forgiveness in chapter 13. Child support must be paid in full before debt forgiveness. Under the conference report, bankruptcy trumps wage garnishment for child support. Under the conference report, bankruptcy does not trump wage garnishment for child support. And lastly, and added to child support, collections are exempt from automatic stay.  The reason that it is important to put child support claimants at the top of the list during bankruptcy proceedings is that most bankrupts do not have enough money to pay all creditors in full. So somebody is not going to be paid. This bill makes it more certain that child support will be paid in full before other creditors can collect a penny. That is real progress in making sure that children and former spouses are treated fairly.  I know this was very much a concern of many members of the Judiciary Committee, including my distinguished ranking member, Senator Durbin of Illinois, and other members of the committee. I know it is very much a concern of people at the White House. I hope, first of all, that they understand there was no intent of changing this in the original legislation, but I guess it is the way combinations can work, that there was some suspect that this could happen, but I hope that we make it very, very clear that families and children and spouses are first. We have moved it from seventh to first.  Also, the conference report provides that someone owed child support can enforce their obligations even against the exempt property of a bankrupt. This means that wealthy bankrupts can't hide their assets in expensive homes or in pension funds as a way of stiffing their children or their ex-spouses. This is another example of how this legislation will help--not hurt--child support claimants. And rightly so.  This conference report states that debtors receiving child support don't have to count that income when calculating a repayable schedule.  Outside the bankruptcy context, when there are delinquent child or spousal support obligations, State government agencies often step in and try to help collect that child support. The conference report exempts these collection efforts from the automatic stay. The automatic stay is a court injunction which automatically arises when anyone declares bankruptcy, and it prevents creditors from collecting on their debts.  Now, if this legislation were to pass, State agencies would be in a much better position to collect past due child support. In practical terms, that means that State government agencies attempting to collect child support can garnish wages and suspend driver's licenses and professional licenses--plenty of incentive for people to get on the stick and keep their social obligations to the families they have been a part of, benefited from, and to the children that they ought to love in the first place.  Clearly, this will help State governments in catching deadbeats who want to use the bankruptcy system to get out of paying child support. In fact, the district attorneys who actually collect child support strongly support this conference report. So any argument that this conference report is bad for child support is empty political rhetoric.  If I could go to another chart, the conference report also maintains tough fines against creditors who misuse their new powers to harass or intimidate honest consumers, rather than to stop abuses. I think the chart shows what we are doing. I can tell you that this was a very key feature of the Senate bill. Whenever we give creditors a new tool, we also give debtors a new shield to rein in potential creditor abuses. If it is wrong for a debtor to avoid personal responsibility, it is wrong for creditors to misuse the bankruptcy code in an unethical way, as well.  I think it is amazing that we hear from our Democratic friends that we should oppose this conference report, as I think we will, because we limit the ability of unscrupulous trial lawyers to bring class actions against the bankruptcy code. Now, I think that is a verytelling point. It seems that those who oppose this bill do not really oppose it because they are worried about consumers. They might oppose it because they want to help trial lawyers clean their pockets. I hope my colleagues will keep this in mind as we consider this conference report.  There is another example of how the conference report gives debtors important new tools to defer, to deter and punish abusive creditor conduct. In the last few years, there have been a number of reports about creditors coercing debtors into agreeing to paying their debts even though the debt could be wiped away in bankruptcy. The bankruptcy code allows debtors to reaffirm debts if they choose to do so voluntarily. The problem is that some companies have been threatening consumers in order to force reaffirmation. The conference report gives every debtor the right to a hearing before a bankruptcy judge who will review the agreement to make sure that there has been no coercion. This is a crucially important change to protect consumers.  I want to make one last point in regard to this chart. We have ``truth in advertising'' requirements for bankruptcy lawyers. It seems to me this is very, very important. In the original debate on this bill before it went to conference, 2 or 3 weeks ago, the point was made that some lawyers with the bankruptcy mills were advising people through advertising that they had the ability to avoid paying alimony and other things. ``Truth in advertising'' is very important in any business. It is just as important in the legal profession.  Debtors get new rights to court hearings to stop unfair debt collection practices.  It promotes out-of-court settlements by punishing creditors who refuse to negotiate. We think there ought to be the willingness and the obligation, when somebody who is greatly in debt and wants to work something out without going through the costly and adversarial environment of the court, they ought to be able to. That incentive is in here.  And it requires credit card companies to point out the dangers of making only the minimum payments.  Finally, the conference report makes important changes to help prevent the collapse of the financial sector when a party to a swap or a repurchase agreement defaults on an obligation. These changes were suggested by our Secretary of the Treasury, Robert Rubin. As President Clinton put it, we are in a serious financial crisis and we need to reduce systematic risk in the financial markets now.  This conference report, I think, is balanced and fair. I am sure that we will hear that it is not. Obviously, it is not entirely to my liking. No conference report is to everyone's liking. The essence of this legislative process, when a House and a Senate pass different versions of the bill, is that there be compromise. Actually, the differences in these versions was greater than you would normally have between pieces of legislation passed by the respective bodies and much more difficult to do.  I want to repeat for our colleagues, as well as for his constituents in Illinois, Senator Durbin has been very, very cooperative throughout this process. We have had a bipartisan bill through the Senate. The process of compromise detracted from that, I am sorry to say. I was hoping that we would have a bill by the last week in July so we could have the whole month of September to work on the tremendous differences between the House and Senate. But things didn't work out the way I wanted them to and I am sure they didn't work out the way our distinguished Senate majority leader, Trent Lott, wanted them to work out, so this bill came out during the third week of September.  Now here we are about ready to adjourn for the year and to go home and campaign. That process was not handled in the spirit of bipartisanship that I had planned a year and a half ago when I started working on this legislation, and that has been the practice not only through the Senate, but through conference in previous times. Some of that probably was within my control, but most of it was outside of my control. So the extent to which the last step did not encompass the spirit of bipartisanship that I had anticipated a year and a half ago, I apologize to my friend, the Senator from Illinois.  I yield the floor.  