 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume at this point.  The bill that is before us, and it is reported by the Judiciary Committee, penalizes lawyer misconduct. I think these penalties are very fair. They are very narrowly focused. Of course, penalties are very necessary. Many lawyers who specialize in bankruptcy view bankruptcy as an opportunity to make big money for themselves. This profit motive causes bankruptcy lawyers to promote bankruptcy as the only option, even when a financially troubled client might obviously have the ability to repay some debt.  This profit motive creates a real conflict of interest where bankruptcy lawyers push people into bankruptcy who do not belong there, and they do it because they get paid up front. I think that any reasonable person would say that lawyers who file bankruptcy cases which are not substantially justified ought to be required to help defray the costs of their frivolous cases. That is all my bill does. Senator Feingold's amendment would gut this reasonable effort to control the bankruptcy bar, which is seriously out of control.  The Consumer Bankruptcy Reform Act contains reasonable lawyer misconduct penalties which will cause lawyers to think twice before they, willy-nilly, cart somebody into chapter 7 and pocket a nice profit in the process. Some bankruptcy lawyers, in their rush to turn a profit, operate what are known as bankruptcy mills--nothing more than a processing center that happens to be for bankruptcy. There is little or no investigation done as to whether an individual actually needs bankruptcy protection or whether or not a person is able, at least partially, to repay their debts.  Recently, one of these bankruptcy attorneys from Texas was sanctioned by a bankruptcy court. The practices of the bankruptcy mills are so deceptive and so sleazy that last year the Federal Trade Commission went so far as to issue a consumer alert, warning consumers of misleading ads that promise debt consolidation. So I think there is a widespread recognition that bankruptcy lawyers are preying on unsophisticated consumers.  Yesterday I spoke about the bankruptcy lawyer who had written a book. I had this chart up. I spoke about this bankruptcy lawyer who had written this book entitled, ``Discharging Marital Obligations in Bankruptcy.'' This author, a bankruptcy lawyer, actually said that he is going to counsel you on how to avoid your obligations to pay defense costs, alimony, and child support. So it is all about how high-income people can get out of paying child support and alimony.  I think it is outrageous that bankruptcy lawyers are helping deadbeats cheat divorced spouses out of alimony and children out of child support, so that is why we want to vote this amendment down. I think my colleague, Senator Kyl, wanted time.  I yield the remainder of my time to Senator Kyl.  