 President, I thank the Senator from Wisconsin for bringing this issue up. It is one that had a close vote in the committee. I presume it has a legitimate place in discussion on the floor of the Senate because of the very close vote. However, I opposed it in committee, and I intend to oppose it here on the floor of the Senate.  I would say that in this area, Senator Durbin and I have tried to respond to some of the concerns that Senator Feingold has had. We did include in our legislation, as a result of his proposals in committee, that when a lawyer was substantially justified in feeling that this person should be placed in chapter 7, the penalties that we have in the bill otherwise applicable to lawyers who would put people in 7 that should be in 13, would not be applicable if the judge found so.  But this amendment--and I apologize to the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin--just goes too far. I think we need to look at some of the basic reasons why we have legislation. Not everybody would agree with my long list of reasons that we ought to have legislation; but, obviously, I have talked about the lack of personal responsibility.  Second, we have had Congress for 30 years setting a bad example for the individuals of America because we have had 30 years of deficit spending. What sort of a signal does that send to the people of this country? If the government can do it, surely they can do it. Hopefully, we will get over that hurdle this year. For the first time in 30 years, we will have a balanced budget. Hopefully, I think we are going to pay down something like $63 billion on the national debt, and hopefully even more than that.  We also have the credit card industry that we have talked about here in the last several days on this bill. Maybe they are not careful enough about who they encourage to use credit cards and go into debt with the credit card purchase of goods and services. But we have a very aggressive bar. That is my feeling--that the bankruptcy bar is not counseling their clients like they used to of whether or not they could go into bankruptcy. We even hear that it isn't the lawyer that can get people into bankruptcy, it is a legal aid, a legal assistant, who can, through the forms that are made and the electronic filing of collecting a fee, very quickly get people into chapter 7. We are trying to deal with the behavior of the bankruptcy bar in the sense that we want them to get to the point where they are counseling people. Should they be in bankruptcy at all? And, second, should they be in chapter 7, or chapter 13?  So, obviously, if we feel that there has been some abuse of the present practices of the bar, we want to make sure that we have disincentives for people to go into 7, if they go into 13. And we have used disincentive penalties against the legal profession, if they should have been in 13 against the lawyers, I should say, who advise.  We have responded to some of those concerns that Senator Feingold has already raised. But we can't respond to all of them.  I strongly oppose this amendment, because one of the key features of our bill is that it holds debtor lawyers accountable for their actions. We do this by imposing fines when they steer clients into chapter 7 who otherwise can repay their debts.  We all have heard stories about the bankruptcy mills which recklessly send people into bankruptcy and process people in bankruptcy like sometimes we process cattle. Any meaningful reform must address the issue. The Grassley-Durbin bill does that--S. 1301, the bill before us.  This amendment by Senator Feingold, in my estimation, would effectively nullify the new financial incentives for debtor lawyers to act responsibly. This amendment completely takes away the fines that bankruptcy lawyers must pay when they recklessly steer people to have the ability to repay their debts into chapter 7 and away from chapter 13. These fines will be an effective and meaningful way to ensure that lawyers advise clients responsibly.  If adopted, this amendment will allow bankruptcy mills to continueturning out knew bankruptcy cases. Under this amendment, a debtor's lawyer who is deliberately ignorant of a debtor's ability to repay his debt gets off scot-free. Perhaps we should call this amendment the ``Bankruptcy Mills Protection Act.''  I oppose this amendment and urge my colleagues to do so.  The amendment will not provide true financial incentives for chapter 7 trustees to go over all of the filings that are in chapter 7 and find out which ones can be removed to chapter 13, because this work of the public trustees--chapter 7 trustees--is one of the two major tools that we have to make sure that people who have the ability to repay debt do it rather than getting off scot-free, as most often happens in chapter 7.  The Feingold amendment won't provide a penny when a 707(b) motion is acceptable and the case is then dismissed. In that case, there won't be a chapter 13 case to allow trustees to collect expenses.  I ask my friends to help us keep this bill tightly written so that there is, in fact, a change of behavior among bankruptcy lawyers to advise clients to be responsible for debt--to maybe not go into bankruptcy at all, or if bankruptcy would be charted to chapter 13 as opposed to chapter 7.  I yield the floor.  