 President, I rise in strong support of S. 1244, The Religious Liberty and Charitable Donation Protection Act, which I introduced in October of last year.  When I held hearings on this bill before my subcommittee, I learned that churches and charities around the country are experiencing a spate of lawsuits by bankruptcy trustees trying to undo tithes or charitable donations. Under provisions of the Bankruptcy Code originally designed to fight fraudulent transfers of assets or money on the eve of bankruptcy, bankruptcy trustees have begun to sue churches when one of their parishioners declares bankruptcy, charging that tithes are fraud.  Of course, this puts the fiscal health of many churches at serious risk. Most churches and charities don't have big bank accounts. Having to pay back money that has been received and already spent is a real hardship for churches which often live on a shoe-string budget. S. 1244 will protect against that.  Protecting churches and charities from baseless bankruptcy lawsuits will protect key players in the delivery of services to the poor. What do churches do with tithes? What do charities do with contributions?  They feed the poor with soup kitchens. They collect used clothing and help provide shelter for the homeless. And they do it with a minimal amount of Government assistance. In this day and age, where Congress is seeking to trim the Federal Government to its appropriately limited role, we must protect the important work of churches and charities. Mr. President, S. 1244 is a giant step in that direction.  This bill doesn't amend Section 548(A)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code. This means that any transfer of assets on the eve of bankruptcy which is intended to hinder, delay or defraud anyone is still prohibited. Only genuine charitable contributions and tithes are protected by S. 1244. Accordingly, a transfer of assets which looks like a tithe or a charitable donation, but which is actually fraud, can still be set aside. For example, if someone who is about to declare bankruptcy gives away all of his assets in donations of less than 15 percent of his income, that would be strong evidence of real fraud and real fraud can't be tolerated.  Mr. President, my legislation also permits debtors in chapter 13 repayment plans to tithe during the course of their repayment plan. Under current law, people who declare bankruptcy under chapter 13 must show that they are using all of their disposable income to repay their creditors. The term disposable income has been interpreted by the courts to allow debtors to have a reasonable entertainment budget during their repayment period. But thesesame courts won't let people tithe. So, a debtor could budget money for movies or meals at restaurants, but they couldn't use that same money to tithe to their church. This is a direct and outrageous assault on religious freedom. And I think it's quite clearly contrary to Congress' intent in enacting chapter 13. I doubt anyone would have supported the idea that debtors could pay money  to a gambling casino for entertainment but could not give the same money to a church as a tithe.  Mr. President, S. 1244 is necessary at this time because the Supreme Court struck down the Religious Freedom Restoration Act as unconstitutional last summer. A badly-divided panel of the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals has recently ruled that RFRA protects tithes, even after the Supreme Court case. But that decision is being appealed to the Supreme Court. No matter what the Court does, we need to pass this bill now, and to subject churches to uncertainty and harassment by bankruptcy trustees.  Mr. President, I think it's important to remember that my bill protects donations to churches as well as other types of nonprofit charities. I did this because many well-respected constitutional scholars believe that protecting only religiously-motivated donations from the reach of the Bankruptcy Code would violate the establishment clause of the first amendment.  Now a concern was recently raised that S. 1244 doesn't protect unincorporated churches. That just isn't so. Professor Douglas Laycock, perhaps the leading scholar on religious freedom, has written to me on this topic and has concluded that unincorporated churches would in fact be protected. I ask unanimous consent that his letter be printed in the Record following my remarks.  