 President, I rise to join my colleagues, Senator Graham, Senator Hatch, Senator Breaux, Senator Baucus, and Senator Jeffords to introduce bipartisan pension reform legislation. This legislation, the Pension Coverage and Portability Act of 1998, will go a long way toward improving the pension system in this country.  Promoting retirement income security seems to be on everyone's mind these days if the number of pension bills now pending in Congress is any indication. But I think that our leaders need to understand that pension legislation should be a priority for prompt action by Congress and the President.  Let me try to explain: For better or worse, the most important component of retirement income is the Social Security program. But our nation is about to experience a demographic shift of very large proportions that will have a very negative impact on Social Security. My state is already feeling the impact of this shift.  The state of Iowa has the most people over the age of 85 as a percent of the population. Iowa has the third highest percentage of people over the age of 65. There is a popular statistic relating to the incomes of elderly households we hear a lot--that Social Security is the most important source of income for more than 80 percent of elderly Americans. Knowing the demographics of my state, you can imaginehow often I hear about Social Security and the feeling that Social Security isn't enough.  It's hard to tell an 82 year old widow that Social Security was never supposed to be enough. Future retirees seem to understand this, as we have seen a number of surveys indicating that Gen Xers do not believe Social Security will be the most important source of income once they retire.  But their income will have to come from somewhere. Many workers will be able to rely on increased income from pensions. Unfortunately, right now, one half of our workforce is not participating in a pension plan.  Mr. President, you know the statistics just as well as I do. Coverage levels have been consistent over the last decade but among small employers, coverage is low.  In June, the Employee Benefit Research Institute released the Small Employer Retirement Survey. This survey is very instructive for legislators.  Small employers identified three main reasons for not offering a plan. The first reason is that small employers believe their employees prefer increased wages or other types of benefits. The second reason employers don't offer plans is the administrative costs. And the third most important reason for not offering a plan: uncertain revenue, which makes it difficult to commit to a plan.  Combine these barriers with the responsibilities of a small employer, and we can understand why coverage among small employers has not increased. Small employers who may just be starting out in business are already squeezing every penny. These employers are also people who open up the business in the morning, talk to customers, do the marketing, pay the bills, and just do not know how they can take on the additional duties, responsibilities, and liabilities of sponsoring a pension plan.  I firmly believe that an increase in the number of people covered by pension plans will occur only when small employers have more substantial incentives to establish pension plans.  The Pension Coverage and Portability Act contains provisions which will provide more flexibility for small employers, relief from burdensome rules and regulations, and a tax incentive to start new plans for their employees. One of the new top heavy provisions we have endorsed is an exemption from top heavy rules for employers who adopt the 401(k) safe harbor. This safe harbor will take effect in 1999. When the Treasury Department wrote the regulations and considered whether safe harbor plans should also have to satisfy the top heavy rules, they answered in the affirmative. As a result, a small employer would have to make a contribution of 7 percent of pay for each employee, a very costly proposition.  My colleagues and I also have included a provision which repeals user fees for new plan sponsors seeking determination letters from the IRS. These fees can run from $100 to more than $1,000, depending on the type of plan. Given the need to promote retirement plan formation, we believe this ``rob Peter to pay Paul'' approach needs to be eliminated.  We have also looked at the lack of success of SIMPLE 401(k) plans. A survey by the Investment Company Institute found that SIMPLE IRAs have proven successful, with almost 100,000 participants. However, SIMPLE 401(k)s just haven't taken off. A couple of the reasons may be that the limits on SIMPLE 401(k)s are tighter than for the IRAs.  Our bill equalizes the compensation limits for these plans; in addition, we have also increased the annual limit on both SIMPLEs to $8,000.  One of the more revolutionary proposals is the creation of a Salary Reduction SIMPLE with a limit of $4,000. Unlike other SIMPLEs, the employer makes no match or automatic contributions. The employer match is usually a strong incentive for a low-income employee to participate in a savings plan. We hope that small employers will look at this SIMPLE as a transition plan, in place for just a couple of years during the initial stages of business operation--then adopt a more expansive plan when the business is profitable.  The other targeted areas in the legislation include: Enhancing pension coverage for women.  Women are more at risk of living in poverty as they age. They need more ways to save because of periodic departures from the workforce. To increase their saving capacity, we have also included a proposal similar to legislation I sponsored earlier this year, S. 1856, the Enhanced Savings Opportunities Act. Like S. 1856, the proposal repeals the 25% of salary contribution limit on defined contribution plans. This limit has seriously impeded savings by women, as well as low- and mid-salary employees.  I prefer this approach to a catch-up provision. Catch-ups would most likely be voluntary on the part of the employer, do not encourage savings over working life, and do not necessarily help low and mid-salary people. Repealing 415(c) is a simplifier, and will allow anyone covered by a defined contribution plan to benefit.  The bill also contains proposals which promote new opportunities to rollover accounts from an old employer to a new employer. The lack of portability among plans is one of the weak links in our current pension system. This new bill contains technical improvements which will help ease the implementation of portability among the different types of defined contribution plans.  Finally, I would like to point out a couple of other provisions in the bill. The first is the new requirement that plan sponsors automatically provide benefit statements to their participants on a periodic basis. For defined contribution plans, the statement would be required annually. For defined benefit plans, a statement would be required every three years. There is a very strong lack of understanding among participants about how their pensions work. There is also a high percentage of people who have done nothing to plan for their retirement.  Providing clear and understandable benefit statements to pension plan participants would encourage people to think about how much money they can expect to receive in retirement. Further, a benefit statement will help people ensure that the information their employer maintains about them is accurate. Almost 80 percent of employers who sponsor defined benefit plans are providing some type of benefit statement automatically. All participants need these statements.  This provision joins other proposals in a new section targeted at encouraging retirement education. Education can make a difference to workers. In fact, in companies which provide investment education, we know workers benefitted because many of them changed their investment allocations to more accurately reflect their investment horizons.  A new provision that I encourage my colleagues to carefully consider targets the problem of participation by proposing an incentive for negative enrollment or ``opt-out'' plans. My staff and I were familiar with the example set by McDonald's Corp. which utilizes opt-out plans for their employees. But McDonald's was concerned that they might get in trouble with government regulators for operating their plan as an opt-out. President Clinton announced that McDonald's plan was legal--and encouraged other employers to try opt-out plans. This bill includes an incentive for employers to create opt-out plans that we hope will increase participation among low-salary workers.  This legislation joins a number of other strong proposals now pending in the House and here in the Senate. This legislation includes provisions which reflect some of those same proposals. I want to commend the sponsors of those bills. Our legislation has a lot in common with these other pension bills and we need to push for fast and favorable consideration of, at a minimum, the similar provisions in our legislation.  We have a window of opportunity to act. The Baby Boomers are coming. The letters from AARP are starting to arrive in their mailboxes. The Social Security Administration is starting to stagger the delivery of benefit checks in preparation for their retirement. Many elderly households rely too heavily on Social Security. Future retirees will not be able to rely on all of the benefits now provided by Social Security. We can look to the pension system to pick up where Social Security leaves off, but we need to act.  I thank the other co-sponsors of this legislation for all of their work, and I encourage our colleagues to give strong consideration to co-sponsoring this bill. With concerted, bipartisan action, we can improve the pension system. Pensions for today's workers will substantially improve the retirement outlook for millions of Americans. But we have some work to do if pensions are going to fulfill their promise.  