 This form letter encourages people to declare bankruptcy because if Congress passes bankruptcy reform, ``Bankruptcy will be much more difficult, more expensive and probably [even] embarrassing.''  I hope this bill does make bankruptcy more embarrassing--and more difficult. In fact, I plead guilty that that is a motive behind our legislation. The American people want people who voluntarily incur debts to pay those debts as agreed. Bankruptcy should be difficult, and the moral stigma that used to be associated with bankruptcy ought to be resurrected.  Do we say that never is anybody entitled to a fresh start? No, you never say ``never.'' We have not in 100 years. The bankruptcy code, the national bankruptcy code, is 100 years old--when it was first passed. There has always been a concept that, maybe because of natural disaster, maybe because of a lot of illness, maybe even in some cases because of divorce, but things beyond your control, that you ought to have a fresh start. And we do not detract in this legislation from that 100-year tradition.  But we do say no to bankruptcy lawyers who advise this way or bankruptcy lawyers who send out notices that say, ``You had better file for bankruptcy right now because Congress might pass a bill and make it more difficult to do it.'' Or we respond positively to the FTC sending out a warning to people: ``Beware of people in the bankruptcy bar who are not acting in a responsible manner.''  I will give you another example of what is wrong with our bankruptcy system. A few weeks ago, the Washington Times quoted a local bankruptcy attorney advising his clients, ``. . . anybody who's going to file better do it now. Get in while the getting's good.''  What has happened to the notion of bankruptcy then as a last resort? What has happened to any sense of personal responsibility? How can anyone describe filing bankruptcies as ``getting in while the getting's good''? Mr. President, the getting may be good for the lawyers when someone else files for bankruptcy, but the rest of us have to pay the price--a $40-billion-a-year cost, $400 per family of four. That means any family of four is paying $400 more every year for increased costs of goods and services, because there is no free lunch when it comes to bankruptcy; somebody pays. The consumers of America are paying. It is a hidden tax.  Our bill will never do away completely with that hidden tax, but this legislation will reduce that hidden tax and hopefully be a small step towards the reestablishment of the principle of personal responsibility.  So the rest of us have to pay the price. This kind of attitude about bankruptcy represents some of what is wrong with our bankruptcy laws and why the current laws need to be changed. Not only do the current practices of bankruptcy lawyers do a disservice to their clients, they also cheat society as a whole. The integrity of the bankruptcy system depends in part upon the honesty and the competence of bankruptcy lawyers.  The Consumer Bankruptcy Reform Act makes necessary changes to correct abuses of the system by bankruptcy lawyers. It requires that attorneys investigate the financial resources of their clients. The bill holds attorneys responsible if they do not honestly determine that their clients really need bankruptcy protection.  In other words, we are just asking that lawyers do what they are trained to do, and that is to counsel people, counsel people in a responsible way. And just willy-nilly putting people into bankruptcy through some bankruptcy mill is not that sort of responsible jurisprudence.  If we want to keep bankruptcy available to those who really need it--in other words, the fresh start that for 100 years people have been entitled to--we have to address these misuses of the system by bankruptcy lawyers. This bill does exactly that. And in order for this bill to work, we need to reject the Feingold amendment and keep the incentives for responsible lawyer conduct currently in the bill.  I yield the floor.  