 President, during the last week of the August recess, I traveled around Iowa launching a statewide antidrug coalition effort. I have been working on putting this program together for the last 2 years. It is an effort to bring together elements from all across my State from all areas of life to deal with the growing drug problem. I have spoken often about this problem here and in many of my public speeches. While we often hear about drug use in our inner cities, we are, perhaps, a little less prepared to learn about major drug use problems in our rural areas. Well, it's here and it is every bit as serious as drug use in our major urban centers. On my trip around Iowa, a young man named Josh, all of 15 years old, joined me.  Josh began using drugs at 11 and was an addict before he was a teenager. He began using marijuana. His friends told him it was ``cool.'' He moved from that to just about every drug you can name. His story is becoming all too common. Last April, I held a field hearing in Cedar Rapids. The star witness at that hearing was a young woman of 17 who was a methamphetamine addict at 15. She was not only a user, she was also a pusher.  Today, methamphetamine use in Iowa is twice the national average. Iowa is the target for Mexican criminal gangs pushing this drug every bit as much as San Diego or Los Angeles. Iowa and other States in the Midwest are also becoming home to an epidemic of meth-producing laboratories.  Many of these are located on farms or in small towns little prepared to be drug-producing emporiums.  If you talk to local sheriffs or police officers in even tiny towns, the story is shocking. I had a letter recently from a policeman in Ottumwa, Iowa, the home of Radar O'Reilly. What he tells me is that meth is now a major problem in this community of 30,000. It's not just a problem of users. It is increasingly a problem of producers. Many of the meth addicts have gone into the business of making their own. It's all to easy. If they can't get advice on how to make meth from their friends or contacts, why, they can simply pull it down off the Internet. Try it, if you don't believe me, it's that easy. You can put a small lab together in your kitchen.  You can use common household chemicals or chemicals used in agriculture, a frying pan, coffee filters, and a microwave.  Police have found labs in trailers, in vans, and sport vehicles. According to the policeman from Ottumwa, hardware stores there are having a problem keeping supplies of drain cleaner in stock because it is popular with the kitchen-lab crowd. Farmers across Iowa are having trouble with people stealing anhydrous ammonia. Anhydrous ammonia is used as a fertilizer to help fix nitrogen in the soil to grow corn. It is also used to produce meth. Local addicts and producers are stealing it from farms. County farm bureau organizations are having to issue advisories to farmers how to spot these thefts. This is only one of the chemicals. Many of these are carcinogenic. They are all dangerous and polluting.  This means the lab sites are toxic and dangerous and expensive to clean up. In many cases, the toxic waste materials are dumped into the ground or poured down the kitchen sink.  One of the major farming magazines in Iowa, Wallaces Farmer, devoted most of its September issue to this problem. Wallace Farmers does not normally deal with drug questions. But the most recent issue has a 20-page special on how meth is tearing apart the heartland. This should tell us something about what's happening. This story is increasingly common not only in Iowa but throughout the Midwest and the West. It is a problem moving eastward.  Along with cocaine, heroin, marijuana, and inhalants, we are seeing a resurgence in drug use in this country. I will have more to say on this later. Like our earlier epidemic, most of this increased use is occurring among the young, between the ages of 12 and 20.  Drug use among this age group has doubled in the past 5 years. We are well on our way to recreating the drug epidemic of the 1960's and 1970's.  There are some people who seem to welcome this development. The financier, Mr. Soros, is spending some of his fortune to promote drug legalization. He has convinced others to join him. He has a lobbying group that uses funds to promote legalization in the States, internationally, and to give the idea intellectual legitimacy. He is joined in the argument to make drugs legal and therefore available by worthies like Milton Friedman and William F. Buckley, Jr. Hollywood, TV, and our recording industry recognize the market potential of this and have begun pushing drugs in movies, music, and entertainment.  Now, many of these people will tell you that they don't mean to sell drugs to our kids. They mean it for adults. I have a problem with that, but it's not the central concern. The chief problem is, few adults actually start using drugs. That's a risky behavior we find almost exclusively among young people before the age of 20. By divorcing this reality from the argument to legalize, these people are little different from tobacco company executives. At least, privately, the tobacco companies were prepared to acknowledge that the primary market for new smokers was teens and preteens. They did not hide behind polite fictions and intellectual smoke screens.  What we are seeing in my State today and across this country is the fruits of these labors. The most recent reports on teenage drug use continue a disturbing cycle. That is why I began work to fight back. While I think there are many things government can and must do to deal with this problem, it is not solely or even wholly something that government can do. We need parents, schools, business, and other folks at the community level engaged in dealing with this problem. We need to be doing a lot more. This is not just a money problem. Resources are necessary but they are not sufficient. This is a people problem and we need to engage people to fight back. If we don't we are going to find ourselves in a drug problem every bit as serious as our last one. We are perilously close to that now.  In closing, let me read something that Ben Stein, host of a TV game show, wrote recently about his young son. He took him to what he thought was a safe retreat in rural Idaho, far from his native Los Angeles, for a summer vacation. What he discovered there was that his 11-year-old was being exposed to drug use every day. The source of that was other kids. The users and pushers were kids telling kids that drugs were cool. After all, that was the message everywhere. They were also providing the drugs. Stein wrote how it made him feel:       I don't like being under siege about my boy's future. . . .      I wish I had some help here from my Hollywood, my home, my      workshop. I'd like some help from ``The Simpsons'' and      ``South Park'' in telling my son that dope smoking is for      losers and fools, that being high is stupid and unnatural and      unhealthy, and that the cool people take life as it comes,      sober and healthy and in some control of their own destinies.  There are a lot more people out there under siege. We need to be doing something about that.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Collins). The Senator from New Mexico is recognized.  