 President, I am pleased to cosponsor the Medicare Home Health Fair Payment Act of 1998, which is a first step toward addressing the crisis in Medicare home health care. This is not a perfect bill, but it's a good bill, and it is the best we can do at this moment in time. And it's a good example of the Senate listening to the American people. Let's pass it right now.  The Senate Special Committee on Aging, which I chair, highlighted the problems with the home health Interim Payment System (IPS) in a hearing on March 31st of this year. For more than six months since that day, I have been working to find a solution to these problems, because I believe that it's Congress' responsibility. It's true that the IPS legislation was primarily HCFA's product. And HCFA's implementation of the IPS has been questionable in many respects. But even ifHCFA proposed it, there's no denying that Congress passed the IPS. So I have argued all year that it is incumbent on Congress to fix what's wrong with it, this year.  What's wrong with the IPS? In short, it bases payment on an individual home health agency's historical costs from Fiscal Year 1994. That means that if the agency had high costs per patient in that year, it can receive relatively high payment this year. That would be fine if HCFA knew that the agency had sicker patients this year, but the sad truth is that HCFA has no idea. So IPS has been a windfall for some agencies, but crushing for agencies with low historical costs. We have a lot of those in Iowa, where we still know the value of a dollar. Many of those hit hardest are the ``little guys,'' the small businesses that are the lifeblood of the program in rural areas.  For months, I have worked with a bipartisan group of Finance committee members, including especially Senators Breaux, Baucus, and Rockefeller, on fixing IPS. In July we introduced the product of those efforts, the Home Health Access Preservation Act, and that bill clearly influenced the new Finance bill. I thank Chairman Roth and his fine staff for their willingness to work with us to find a viable approach. In the final months of this session, they have really gone the extra mile.  Now, this bill doesn't give anyone everything that they want. Senators Roth and Moynihan rightly focused on creating something that could actually pass this year, and so the bill is a product of compromise. One of the key features is that the bill is paid for, so that it will not add another burden onto the already-burdened Medicare Part A trust fund. The offsets used are fair ones, and should not be controversial.  I am familiar with the bill the House is voting on today. Should both bills be passed, with all due respect to my House colleagues, I urge them to recede to the Senate bill in conference. I have worked on this issue a long time, and I don't believe this bill can be improved upon.  Mr. President, this bill will not satisfy everyone. It's a compromise, and in fact, it likely will not fully satisfy anyone. But it's the right thing to do, because it will help to keep some of our good home health providers around for another year, so they can make sure our seniors get home care when they need it.  