 The Adoption and Safe Families Act (P.L. 105-89), enacted last year, explicitly established that States shall not take any action that would deny or delay a child's adoption when an approved family is available outside the child's jurisdiction. In light of these recent reports, I urge the Department of Health and Human Services to closely monitor State policy and practice with regard to interstate adoptions to determine compliance with the new law, to immediately report any change of policy or practice in this area to the States, and to impose the full penalty on States which are out of compliance.  I have been told by some organizations which represent the States' interests that they consider Sec. 202 of Public Law 105-89 to be ambiguous and that the Adoption and Safe Families Act did not necessarily prohibit creating barriers to adoption. Let me make this very clear, while the Adoption and Safe Families Act does not specifically declare that States shall not create barriers to adoption, Congresssional intent is clear that any action that delays an adoption, when an approved family is available, would be a violation of the law. Thus, policies that might result in such delays would be inconsistent with the law's intent. Particularly when viewed in the context of the entire Adoption and Safe Families Act, which is designed to promote and expedite adoptions, there can be no confusion about Congressional intent. In addition, this requirement is not inconsistent with other provisions in federal child welfare law that require States to recruit a diverse pool of potentially adoptive families, nor should it discourage States from developing adoptive families within their own borders. The overall goal is to place children for adoption with approved families without any unnecessary delay. Simply put, the law establishes that States shall not discriminate in adoptive placements on the basis of geography.  Let me give you examples of created barriers: any refusal to return phone calls from outside the agency's jurisdiction; the suggestion that agencies have a property right which permits them to withhold a homestudy from a preadoptive family; the imposition of conditions on families from outside the jurisdiction which are different in quantity or quality from conditions imposed on families within the jurisdiction; or, the refusal to accept home studies performed by duly licensed social workers from another jurisdiction without good cause to believe those social workers are dishonest or incompetent.  We have a national crisis on our hands. Thousands of children are waiting for families to adopt them. If we don't recognize this, children will continue to live out their childhoods in foster care. Territory and turf should not come between waiting children and adoptive families. Any barrier created to deny or delay an adoptive placement is an injustice. Although States can spend hundreds of dollars recruiting adoptive families, they need to remember, they do not own these families. Their recruitment efforts contribute to a national recruitment effort for the nation's waiting children, not just their State's children. I recognize that many states are pulling out all the stops for kids. But they cannot do all the work. We all must do everything we can to ensure that children are united with loving, nurturing families, and we cannot let geography get in the way.  