 President, I am pleased that Congress has once again extended the Generalized System of Preferences as part of the omnibus appropriations bill. The GSP is important for many reasons. For instance, from a foreign relations standpoint it allows the U.S. to assist developing countries without the use of direct foreign aid.  It is also of great importance to American businesses. Many American businesses import raw materials or other products. The expiration of the GSP has forced these companies to pay a duty, or a tax, on some of these products. That's what a duty is: an additional tax. By extending the GSP retroactively, these companies will not be required to pay this tax. This tax is significant and can cost U.S. businesses hundreds of millions of dollars. So, Mr. President, it is very important that the GSP be extended and it is very appropriate that the Senate consider it as part of this bill.  It is essential to remember, however, that since its inception in the Trade Act of 1974, the GSP program has provided for the exemption of ``articles which the President determines to be import-sensitive.'' This is a very important directive and critical to our most import-effected industries. A clear example of an import-sensitive article which should not be subject to GSP and, thus, not subject to the annual petitions of foreign producers that can be filed under this program, is ceramic tile.  It is well documented that the U.S. ceramic tile market repeatedly has been recognized as extremely import-sensitive. During the past thirty-years, this U.S. industry has had to defend itself against a variety of unfair and illegal import practices carried out by some of our trading partners. Imports already dominate the U.S. ceramic tile market and have done so for the last decade. They currently provide approximately 60 percent of the largest and most important glazed tile sector according to 1995 year-end government figures.  Moreover, one of the guiding principles of the GSP program has been reciprocal market access. Currently, GSP eligible beneficiary countries supply almost one-fourth of the U.S. ceramic tile imports, and they are rapidly increasing their sales and market shares. U.S. ceramic tile manufacturers, however, are still denied access to many of these foreign markets.  Also, previous abuses of the GSP eligible status with regard to some ceramic tile product lines have been well documented. In 1979, the USTR rejected various petitions for duty-free treatment of ceramic tile from certain GSP beneficiary countries. With the acquiescence of the U.S. industry, however, the USTR at that time created a duty-free exception for the then-minuscule category of irregular edged ``specialty'' mosaic tile. Immediately thereafter, I am told that foreign manufacturers from major GSP beneficiary countries either shifted their production to ``specialty'' mosaic tile or simply identified their existing products as ``specialty" mosaic tile on custom invoices and stopped paying duties on these products. These actions flooded the U.S. market with duty-free ceramic tiles that apparently had been superficially restyled or mislabeled.  In light of these factors, the U.S. industry has been recognized by successive Congresses and Administrations as ``import-sensitive'' dating back to the Dillon and Kennedy Rounds of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT). Yet during this same period, the American ceramic tile industry has been forced to defend itself from over a dozen petitions filed by various designated GSP-eligible countries seeking duty-free treatment for their ceramic tile sent into this market.  The domestic ceramic tile industry has been fortunate, to date, because both the USTR and the International Trade Commission have recognized the ``import-sensitivity'' of the U.S. market and have denied these repeated petitions. If, however, just one petitioning nation ever succeeds in gaining GSP benefits for ceramic tile, then all GSP beneficiary countries will be entitled to similar treatment. This could eliminate many American tile jobs and devastate the domestic industry. Therefore it is my strong belief that a proven ``import sensitive,'' and already import-dominated product, such as ceramic tile, should not continually be subjected to defending against repeated duty-free petitions, but should be exempted from the GSP program.  