 President, I wish to commend my colleague Senator Domenici, the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, for bringing a truly remarkable budget resolution to the Floor of the Senate. I truly never thought that I would be standing here during my lifetime preparing to vote on a resolution that will bring our federal budget into balance, even producing a surplus. This is going to be one of those rare occasions when the Congress will actually be following its own advice. We will advance beyond the rhetoric of talking about balancing the budget and actually balance the budget. And we are doing it 4 years ahead of time. This is a truly remarkable achievement.  If we continue on this course, something even more remarkable may begin to happen. The public may start to lose some of the skepticism about the Congress which has built up over the years.  Last year we were faced with many hard choices as we worked on the bi-partisan Balanced Budget Act of 1997. It was a difficult time. The decisions which we made then were as tough as any decisions which we as legislators have ever had to make. But we joined hands, and for the good of the country we made them. Those difficult, sometimes bitter decisions are now bearing the sweet fruit of a balanced budget along with a possible surplus.  We should be hearing the blue bird of happiness here in the Senate Chamber, and continue to be careful with the taxpayers money. But that doesn't seem to be the case. Instead we are hearing the gremlin of spend, spend, spend. It seems that the lessons we have learned about tightening our belts and living within our means was fleeting at best. To make matters worse, we are talking about spending money that we do not have yet.  Another way that we are talking about spending money that we don't have in the various votes about spending the tobacco settlement money. This is not the appropriate time for this debate.  In addition, we are putting the cart before the horse. We are debating how to spend the money from a tobacco settlement before we have made the hard choices required to enact this settlement. What about liability limitations, advertising restrictions, billion dollar attorneys fees, tax deductibility questions, new federal regulations, and antitrust limits? These are just a few issues that must be carefully considered before Congress passes any tobacco legislation.  When we pass tobacco legislation, our goal--our priority--must be to eliminate youth smoking. When I can, I discourage people, both old and young, from smoking. I recently took my grandson Patrick to a town meeting, where Al Gore was speaking, that was organized to alert young people to the dangers of smoking. Let's make that clear, there is no one in this room who favors youth smoking. Any efforts to characterize anyone otherwise are disingenuous and frankly, unhelpful to this debate.  I believe that we must pass tobacco legislation this session. And we need to keep our priorities straight when we do this. Our priority must be to stop youth smoking, not to coddle the tobacco industry. This Budget Resolution protects the chances of passing solid tobacco settlement legislation this year. It takes the proceeds from this theoretical legislation and puts them in a reserve fund for Medicare--which pays the health-related costs that the state lawsuits were designed to address. It funds the issues won in the settlement--smoking cessation programs, health research, and such--from existing funds. We believe that these are important enough to fund them without waiting for new legislation. This allows us to stop arguing over how to spend the money long enough to consider the issues that must be solved for us to get this money. This gives us the strongest hand to enact legislation that creates a real, effective and lasting regime for reducing youth smoking.  Now is also not the time to talk about new entitlement programs. Now is the time to keep entitlements and spending in line with last year's bipartisan budget agreement. It is time to make sure the entitlements we have already can meet their commitments to the millions of Americans who depend on them.  Again, this is a good budget. This budget paves the way for real increases in spending for health research, child care, and other important programs. And we do it within the agreed upon budget caps.  I greatly admire the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee and the skill and expertise which he has shown in crafting this budget resolution. This is a good resolution. This resolution keeps the faith with the American people as we continue to work to get a balanced budget and to keep it.  