 President, I find myself this afternoon speaking against a lot of my friends with whom I generally agree most of the time, and so I am somewhat chagrined that I have to oppose my good friend from Alabama and the position he has just taken as he spoke in favor of the Thompson amendment. I rise in opposition to it.  This amendment is not about conflict of interest laws. That is not its intent. It is about having an employee representative serve on the oversight board. I believe very strongly that we must have the employee representative on this oversight board. As you have already heard Senator Kerrey say, he agrees with that. We both had the honor of serving on this National Commission on the Restructuring of the IRS. We were the only two Senators to do so. I think our year's experience there taught us something, and that is the value of having people who speak for and work with the employees, other than in a management capacity, to show their good intent, that they want Government to function in an efficient manner and to serve the customers well.  That would be true of Rob Tobias, who is the current President of the National Treasury Employees Union. He served with us on this Commission. I was very impressed with him and with his work. With his hard work and support, the Commission, by a very strong majority--we probably would have had a majority otherwise, but such a slim majority that I don't feel we would be here with such a strong piece of legislation as we do now--issued a report that calls for far-reaching reforms at the IRS. The employees organization and their representative contributed substantially to this report and to making sure there were strong, substantive recommendations.  I believe that he or another employee representative will have the same effect while serving on the IRS Oversight Board. He and the members of his organization want real change at the IRS. The IRS employees care about where they work and how they serve the people. They want the IRS to run smoothly and their customers to be happy with the service they receive. They are caught up today in this culture of intimidation, a culture that says, ``We don't care anything about the taxpayers, we don't care how we treat the taxpayers,'' whether as a taxpayer or just as an American citizen who is doing business with them. I believe they want to take pride in where they work and the actions of the Internal Revenue Service. The employee representative will help ensure that the oversight board makes this happen.  For this reason, Senator Kerrey and I included an employee representative on the IRS Oversight Board when we introduced the first IRS restructuring bill last July, S. 1096. For this reason, we offered the amendment that put the employee representative back on the oversight board during the Finance Committee debate because the chairman's mark did not have this in it.  Now, remember, the House of Representatives passed their bill by a vote of 426 to 4--426 to 4--and that bill in the House had an employee representative serving on the oversight board. We have strong support for this principle. If we are going to have an employee representative then on the oversight board, we need to let him do more than just serve the coffee while the meetings are going on, because if we do not have this language in the bill that the Thompson amendment wants to take out, he would not have the same power that we give to other members of that oversight board. Otherwise, we lose the benefit of that expertise. Otherwise, we lose the benefit of the enthusiasm of the organization and its representative to make real change at the Internal Revenue Service. Let me say, in short, otherwise, we are just simply wasting our time. This is a part-time advisory board. Consequently, it is a good place to use his advice.  The bill before us, as drafted, sets up additional requirements that the employee representative must meet. I would like to read from the committee report.       The employee representative is subject to the same public      financial disclosure rules as a private life board member. In      addition, the employee organization is required to provide an      annual financial report with the House Ways and Means      Committee and the Senate Finance Committee. Such report is      required to include the compensation paid to the individual      employee by the employee organization and membership dues      collected by that organization.  In addition, this person must have been confirmed by the Senate of the United States before serving on the IRS Oversight Board. These laws have been waived for similar purposes before. This is not new; it is not landmark. The point being made-- that everybody should abide by the same laws--albeit true, but remember, as Senator Kerrey said, we make those laws. We are making this policy to make this person an effective member of the IRS Oversight Board.  I conclude by saying that the conflict of interest laws are designed to alleviate hidden conflicts of interest. Now, this employee representative has no hidden agenda. We know who he works for. And guess what. The employee representative on the board works for an organization that represents employees. Again, the issue is not waiver of laws. The issue is having an employee representative being able to serve, and effectively serve, on the oversight board. This, of course, is a back-door way, if this amendment were to be adopted, to get rid of the employee representative. Or, if he wasn't gotten rid of, it would be making him an ineffective member of the oversight board, gutting the main intent that we have of his inclusion on the board, because we think there can be a contribution, a real contribution, made.  So, in my opinion, if my colleagues would accept my year's work on this issue, being a member of this IRS Restructuring Commission, I ask my colleagues to vote against the Thompson amendment. After my work on the National Commission on Restructuring, I think, regarding the bill we have, and even a much stronger bill that we have now because of the work of the Senator from Delaware on the legislation, improving it very much as a result of the committee hearings, we need to move forward. This would really cause problems if this person is not able to serve on this board.  So I emphasize again, this was in the House Ways and Means bill. It was approved by the House of Representatives by 426 to 4, to have an employee representative on the board.  I think all the arguments are very strong. I make no apologies for those arguments and would want to have this amendment defeated, the Thompson amendment.  I yield the floor.  