 President, we are here today in the second day of debate on this legislation to discuss a very important issue, and that is the restructuring of the Internal Revenue Service. As my colleagues know, I have worked very hard on this issue--serving on the National Commission on Restructuring of the IRS and joining Senator Kerrey of Nebraska in introducing the first piece of comprehensive legislation that would comprehensively restructure the IRS. In addition, Senators Reid, Kerrey and I introduced the Taxpayers' Bill of Rights III earlier this year.  There are real problems in dealing with the IRS, and there are real problems at that agency, as shown in the Senate Finance Committee hearings--which were so ably chaired by Senator Roth from Delaware, the chairman of that committee--and not only the recent ones which were probably the most shocking, but also starting last September with hearings that brought out horror stories.  These hearings about the horror stories were about our Government's treatment of taxpayers. Every time I go home I hear from constituents who tell me about their firsthand experiences with the IRS. Rarely are they good. For this reason, it is not good enough to just try. We have to succeed in this reform.  I would like to tell you what I learned about this issue in the Restructuring Commission's hearings and deliberations that took place during the fall of 1996 carrying over to the first 9 months of 1997, at these hearings and our deliberations there--but also, as I have already alluded to, the Finance Committee hearings which also were a very good basis for this legislation. Then we have all had some of our own studies of this issue as well. This is what I have learned: The IRS routinely abuses taxpayers, and the rules the IRS lives by are unfair to the taxpayers and not according to the rule of law.  The structure of the IRS was not set up with its consumer, the taxpayer, in mind. The IRS functions without accountability. The IRS agents are not held accountable for their acts. This breeds a culture of abuse and a culture of coverup, and this is where we stand today. We have a chance to fix this culture. We have one chance to enact real, solid, IRS reform. We in the Senate are supposed to be in the business of improving people's lives. We must pass real, solid and lasting IRS reform. We must set up a system that makes the IRS accountable for its actions, and then we in the Congress, who have constitutional responsibilities of oversight, have, over the next several months, with intensity, but on an ongoing basis, a responsibility to make sure that we continue the oversight work that has been done. We bear some responsibility in the Congress for an out-of-control agency. But I think with proper congressional oversight we will make sure that this does not happen again.  This legislation before us now makes many strides towards fixing the IRS. For starters, it strengthens oversight of the IRS. It creates an IRS Oversight Board. This Board will be  made up of nine individuals who will oversee the administration, the management, the conduct, the direction and even the budget of the IRS. The IRS Commissioner and a representative of the National Taxpayers Employees Union will also serve on this Board. The union representative is especially important. Our IRS Restructuring Commission had a union representative on it. Bob Tobias, the president of the NTEU, was instrumental in the Commission's work. The Commission would not have made recommendations for such strong reforms and made them by such a strong majority if it were not for his involvement. Working with him, I learned that the union also wants strong reforms within the IRS.  Another important provision of this bill that increases IRS oversight is the creation of a new Treasury Inspector General who will be devoted exclusively to IRS matters. This office will have all the powers and authority granted under the Inspector General Act, resources dedicated specifically and only to the IRS oversight, and independence from being in the Treasury Department rather than being at the IRS.  This bill also takes an important step in helping Congress' oversight efforts and in making sure that the public and press can assist us in these efforts. This bill requires a new Inspector General for Tax Administration to randomly audit 1 percent of all IRS documents that the IRS redacts before it releases those documents. In our Restructuring Commission hearings we learned that the IRS uses its privacy privilege to hide its own wrongdoing from us in the Congress and, hence, from the public and also from the press. This is illegal, but more important it is deceitful. This bill requires that a small percentage of documents be audited to ensure that the IRS can't hide behind laws designed to protect the taxpayers.  These provisions, although great, are still not enough. In addition, Congress must continue its diligent oversight efforts. The IRS is important to us now, but will it be important to us even 5 years from now? Or will we be focused on another issue of the day then? We need to commit to have strong, thorough oversight hearings on an ongoing basis.  This bill also gives taxpayers important new rights. It helps taxpayers know their rights and to navigate the tax collection system. I believe that Americans are smart people. If you give Americans enough information, and if you treat Americans fairly, they can usually take care of themselves.  This bill empowers taxpayers with important new rights and puts the taxpayers on a more equal footing with the IRS. I say a more equal footing. I think it would be intellectually dishonest for me to say with the passage of this legislation that we have totally leveled the playing field, which thetaxpayers ought to expect and which I hope I am surprised some day and I can say that we have, but I don't want to categorically say that today.  This bill also has innocent spouse reforms so that innocent spouses are treated exactly as they are, and that is they are innocent.  This bill limits the seizure authority of the IRS. It allows taxpayers to sue the IRS if its agents are negligent in violating the code and the constitutional rights of our citizens. It prohibits the IRS from contacting third parties without prior notification to the taxpayer. It requires that the IRS exhaust all collection options, including installment agreements, before seizing a business or a principal place of residence.  I could go on and on, but the point is that the bill before us is strong, comprehensive reform. This bill is stronger than its House-passed companion, and we can all thank Chairman Roth and the Finance Committee generally--but without his leadership, it would not have happened--for making this strong, because we do need to pass this legislation. We need to insist that the conference report be equally as strong. And then we need to get it on the President's desk as soon as possible.  The American people deserve to be treated with respect, especially by their own Government. The American people deserve this bill, and the American people deserve to be represented by Senators who have the courage and foresight to not only enact this legislation, but after it is enacted, to see, through the constitutional responsibilities of oversight, that it is actually carried out.  When this legislation is passed, I want to be able to say to the American people, ``We're on the road to eliminating the culture of intimidation within that agency.'' I want to be able to say to the American people, ``On April 15th next that you're treated by the IRS with the same courtesy, with the same accurate information and with the same timely response that they expect out of you, the taxpayer, on April the 15th.''  I yield the floor.  