 President, this is what the article says.  ``Lax internal controls'' are the cause for ``a dramatic increase in embezzlement across the board.''  ``Lax internal controls'' will be laxer-if Section 401 goes through.  Now, Mr. President, there is no magic in a receipt.  A receipt is not a leakproof defense against fraud--mainly because a receipt is so easy to forge.  A receipt by itself is not much of a weapon.  It is just one weapon in the controller's arsenal.  To be an effective weapon, a receipt must be coupled to other control devices--like separation of duties.  Unfortunately, at the Pentagon, receipts don't necessarily go hand-in-hand with the other control mechanisms.  I learned that lesson in my examination of several DOD fraud cases:  The Lugas case at Reese AFB, Texas; the McGill case in Norfolk, VA; and the Krenik case in the Pentagon.  In these cases, there was no separation of duties.  For example, I discoverd that Mr. Krenik's duties literally covered the waterfront. He was involved in every phase of the cycle of transactions from beginning to end. He: developed requirements for goods and services,wrote purchase orders, steered contracts to favored vendors, received and accepted deliveries, certified contract performance by signing receiving reports like the DD-250, and submitted invoices to the finance office for payment.  In Mr. Krenik's organization--the 7th Communications Group--there was no separation of duties. In that environment, it was so easy for Mr. Krenik to fabricate phony invoices and receipts and get paid.  He said it was a piece of cake. It was just too easy.  This is what Mr. Krenik said after being apprehended:       I saw how others had manipulated the DD-250s [receipts], so      I thought I could do that also. . . . It was so easy to      generate fake billings and open the Post Office box.  I fear that Mr. Krenik was led into temptation by lax internal controls.  With separation of duties, it would have been very difficult--if not impossible--for him to do what he did. More scrutiny by others would have greatly increased the probability of detection. That fear alone is sometimes enough to deter fraud.  With duties properly separated, the goods are delivered to a central warehouse. After a receipt is certified by an independent warehouse-person, the goods are then turned over to the customer or user--someone like Mr. Krenik.  In the right circumstances, a certified receipt can be a powerful weapon, and I want the certified receipt to be a powerful weapon in the DOD Comptroller's arsenal.  I want receipt verification to be at the top of the checklist of things to do before making a payment.  Above all, I do not want to see this body gut DOD's internal financial controls--or what remains of them--in the name of ``defense reform.''  Section 401, as written, would gut DOD's remaining internal controls.  Knowing that DOD's internal controls are already weak or non-existent, the GAO and the IG oppose Section 401, as written.  Section 401 would eliminate what's leftover, and it ``ain't'' much.  And the crooks are hard at work. We know that for a fact because there is a new case at Dayton AFB, Ohio.  Though we don't yet have all the details on the case, it looks like a carbon copy of the Krenik case--fraudulent invoices and receiving reports valued at nearly $1 million.  Dayton happened, despite Air Force assurances to the contrary.  The Air Force assured me on July 18, 1997, in no uncertain terms, that a Krenik-style operation could never happen again.  The Air Force said it had ``more internal controls to prevent this type of action from happening again.''  I hate to say it but Dayton was happening as those words were being placed on paper.  Weak or non-existent controls combined with heightened embezzlement activity do not argue for Section 401.  So why push pay and chase now?  Pay and chase is a bad idea. It would make DOD's accounts more vulnerable to theft and abuse.  They are already far too vulnerable.  What we need to do now is strengthen internal controls not weaken them.  We need to make the certified receipt the potent anti-fraud weapon that it should be.  DOD should not be authorized to make payments without receipts.  And those responsible must be held accountable for erroneous and fraudulent payments--as they are today.  As I see it, there are two ways to handle Section 401:  (1) remove it entirely from the DRI package; or (2) modify it.  Mr. President, I am ready to work with the Armed Services Committee in developing a mutually acceptable modification to Section 401.  It can be done, and I could help the Committee do it.  There is a way to do it that will serve the best interests of the taxpayers and the Armed Forces.  I yield the floor.  