 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume. I thank the Senator from Utah, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, not only for the kind remarks he made about my participation in this process on the bankruptcy law, but also to say that it would not have been possible to get it out of the Judiciary Committee without some compromises, which he helped shape in the process, and also in making it a better bill as well. So this is a cooperative effort not only in the subcommittee, but also at the full committee level. The 16-2 vote by which the bill was voted out of committee, I think, speaks better than anything I can say or even that the Senator from Utah can say about how badly needed this legislation is and what a significant compromise it is in order to get that type of a margin out of the Judiciary Committee, which the chairman has already referred to as a committee that can be very controversially oriented from time to time. This is a piece of legislation that speaks to how cooperative that committee can be when the need calls for it to be.  Mr. President, as I recall, we are in a situation on this floor where there was an objection to the bill coming up. So the distinguished Senate majority leader had to move that this bill be brought up. So we have a debate going on now on a motion to proceed that is fairly uncharacteristic of most processes of moving legislation on the floor of the Senate. So I want to use this opportunity that we have of the Senate deciding whether or not we should even debate the merits of this bill to once again give reasons to my colleagues why we should move beyond the motion to proceed to actual consideration of this legislation. We will have that vote, as I am going to refer to in a minute, hopefully tomorrow.  So I rise today to speak again on the importance and the need--the very justified need--for fundamental bankruptcy reform. Last week, as I stated, a member of the minority party objected to allowing the Senate to consider this bill that was voted out of committee 16-2--even to debate it. Tomorrow, we are set to vote on whether to proceed to the bankruptcy bill. If we don't have a positive vote on this, then bankruptcy will not be on the agenda this session. It is badly needed legislation. It would be a sad consequence of that vote to not be able to move forward.  In my view, the fact that there is an objection to even considering bankruptcy reform shows just how scared and how reactionary the opponents of bankruptcy reform are. The opponents of reform know that the Consumer Bankruptcy Reform Act will pass overwhelmingly if allowed to come to a straight vote. I think hearing the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Chairman Hatch, say that just a few minutes ago fortifies what I have just said.  The opponents of reform know that the polls are absolutely clear on a broad public support for bankruptcy reform. There is no way that a minority of the Senate can fool 68 percent of the people nationally who say that we need bankruptcy reform. And there is no way that a minority of the Senate can fool 78 percent of the people of my State of Iowa who were surveyed in a poll on the need and their support for bankruptcy reform. So the American people know that our bankruptcy system is, in fact, out of control. Obviously, the people know that it is out of control much more than even a small minority of the minority in this body know it is out of control. If they know it is out of control and badly in need of reform, they would let us proceed to this bill. So I hope that Congress will respond to what the people want and move forward to consider and pass--pass overwhelmingly, as it did out of committee--the Consumer Bankruptcy Reform Act. That is what representative democracy is all about.  As I said on Thursday of last week when we were set to take up the bankruptcy reform bill, the Consumer Bankruptcy Reform bill is a bipartisan piece of legislation which passed out of the Judiciary Committee by an overwhelming vote of 16-2. The goal of the bill is simple and it is important: to restore personal responsibility to our bankruptcy law, and to put an end to the many bankruptcies of convenience which are filed every year in the United States.  In recent years, the number of bankruptcies has, in fact, very much skyrocketed. Every year since 1994, records have been broken in terms of the number of bankruptcies filed. Now we are at the point that we had 1.4 million personal bankruptcies in 1997. So if this trend continues, Mr. President, we must all shudder to think about the harm to our economy and to the moral fabric of our Nation--to the economy, with $40 billion of costs. There is no free lunch when it comes to bankruptcy. There might be for the personthat declares bankruptcy, but as we know, in our society, somebody pays; $40 billion is being paid by somebody in America and that figures out to about $400 per family of four in America per year. Just think of that. You, Mr. President, could be spending $400 less for your goods and services if we did not have this high number of bankruptcies that we have.  But more important, what does it do to the moral fabric of our great country when, somehow, you can live high on the hog and not worry about who is going to pay for it. You don't have to; you go into bankruptcy and somebody else pays for it. There ought to be, and is, a rule for America which is that we all ought to be personally responsible for the actions we take. That is applicable not just to moral issues of family and marriage, but it also involves the economic world we are in as well, and that is, in fact, if you enjoy something, you want to pay for it.  The interesting and alarming thing is that this unprecedented increase in bankruptcy filings comes at a time when our economy has been generally healthy. Disposable income is up, unemployment is low, and interest rates are low. There is something that just doesn't make sense about this situation. Common sense and basic economics say that when the economy flourishes, bankruptcies should not be so high.  I had an opportunity over the weekend to look at an old U.S. News and World Report from 1991 with the predictions of the decade of the 1990s coming up. At the time that magazine came out, we were in the middle of the recession of 1990. That recession was caused by one of the big tax increases that President Bush proposed. It wasn't quite as big as the tax increase that President Clinton got through in 1993, which was the biggest tax increase in the history of the world, but that tax increase had a detrimental impact on the economy and we were in a recession--recession that, thank God, we have had years of recovery since without going into another recession.  But in that magazine it made light of the fact that there was a 135,000 increase in personal bankruptcies that year because of the recession. That is when we had the number of personal bankruptcies well below 800,000 at that particular time.  Let's just think. There is going to be a recession around the corner someday, hopefully not for 3 or 4 years down the road, as the economy is going fairly strong. But it could be happening within a year from now if things in Southeast Asia and Russia don't turn around, maybe, and as the stock market is also indicating. We would be thinking in terms of half a million to 1 million bankruptcies just because of the economy turning south, if we are concerned about 135,000 increases in bankruptcies in the year 1990 as an example.  It is an unprecedented time in our economy. Why is it an unprecedented time, then, for the number of personal bankruptcy filings? I don't know. I have said how it could be related to the bank's sending out so many credit cards for people to be invited into more debt. It could be because the Federal Government had 30 years of deficit spending. Hopefully, we have that behind us now with this year paying down $63 billion on the national debt for the first time in 30 years. It could be because the bankruptcy bar is very loose in their advice, or the lack of advice, on whether people ought to go into bankruptcy or not. There doesn't seem to be the shame that is connected with bankruptcy as there used to be. There is probably a lot of other reasons. At least we have those reasons to consider and those reasons to deal with. Another reason is the 1978 bankruptcy law that made it possible to get into bankruptcy. Hopefully, we have that turned around with the passage of this legislation as well.  In the opinion of this Senator, of course, one of the main bankruptcy crises is, as I just stated, the overly liberal bankruptcy law of 1978. Remember, since 1978 I have had hundreds of people tell me it is too easy to get into bankruptcy. And it shouldn't be that easy. I have not had one person tell me that it ought to be easier to get into bankruptcy. And I even have had some people tell me who have been through bankruptcy that it is too easy to get into bankruptcy. That sort of attitude of the public is what is behind the 68 percent nationally and the 78 percent of the people in my State in polls who say the bankruptcy laws should be reformed.  Quite simply, current law discourages personal responsibility. I want to say that again. Current law actually discourages personal responsibility. As a result, bankruptcy has become a first option, not as a last resort for many with financial difficulties.  Bankruptcy is seen as a quick and easy way of avoiding debt. Bankruptcy is now a matter of convenience rather than a matter of necessity. The moral stigma that used to be associated with not being able to pay your debt is now almost completely gone. I am not saying that bankruptcy law serves no purpose. On the contrary, the ability to have a fresh start--or you might say it is a principle of our bankruptcy law that there are some people who are entitled to a fresh start--it is a vital part of this American system. It is the right thing to do in some instances. But what is important is that we structure our laws so that bankruptcy is available to those who truly need protection--people who maybe because of natural disaster, maybe because of a catastrophic illness in their family, maybe because of even divorce--there are several reasons that have been considered legitimate. But we want to make sure that this process is not available to those who want to abuse the system and find an easy irresponsible way out.  The bill that we will hopefully get to consider after our cloture vote tomorrow strikes a balance between personal responsibility on the one hand and giving people an opportunity to get a fresh start who legitimately deserve it on the other hand. That is why the Judiciary Committee, which can be very partisan at times, approved this bill by a vote of 16 to 2. Mr. President, I will have more to say on the problems with our bankruptcy system if and when we get to consider the bankruptcy bill.  I want to inform my colleagues about the deceptive practices of bankruptcy lawyers who dupe unwary consumers into declaring bankruptcies. The practices of bankruptcy lawyers have become underhanded so much that the Federal Trade Commission has issued an alert on that process. And in the process of issuing that order, they criticized the bankruptcy bar.  If and when we get to consider the bill, I want to talk more about how my bill enhances collection of child support. The National District Attorneys Association, as well as numerous other organizations which collect child support, have written to me to praise this bill--S. 1301--and the innovations in the bill for protecting child support.  Mr. President, supporting this bill is the right thing to do. Approving a vote tomorrow to move to this bill so it can actually be considered is the right thing to do, because the American people are sick and tired of the avoidance of personal responsibility--not only in the case of bankruptcy but so many other areas. It is one we can do something about right now through the passage of this legislation.  The other body across the Hill has already passed an even more sweeping version of bankruptcy reform, and they have done it by a veto-proof margin. But here we are right now on the floor of the U.S. Senate fending off a filibuster against bankruptcy reform. After the vote tomorrow, if we win and can actually go to the debate of S. 1301, I expect maybe even a second filibuster. I don't think these desperation tactics work, and particularly in the case of something that is so badly needed as bankruptcy reform.  It is interesting how the same people who criticize this Congress for doing anything are the same ones who are blocking positive bankruptcy reform. I have talked with many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I know there is a real desire to see bankruptcy reform happen this year. That is why the Consumer Bankruptcy Reform Act received such broad bipartisan support in the Judiciary Committee. Quite simply, it is time to restore the sense of personal responsibility that we Americans are famous for to our bankruptcy law.  I urge my colleagues to support the motion to proceed on S. 1301, and then to support S. 1301 and move to a bill that is going to bring new penalties for abusive bill collectors; it is going tobring new penalties for illegal repossessions; it is going to bring fines for inflated creditor claims; and it is going to bring penalties for deceptive credit practices.  It seems to me that is a bill that not only will bring about bankruptcy reform so that bankruptcy will be used only when people are really entitled to a fresh start, fitting into a pattern that we have had in our bankruptcy laws between 1998 and 1978--it has only been in the last 20 years that this has turned bad--but to discourage bankruptcy, to reimpose personal responsibility on debt, and that we also do some things that even give some consumer protection in the process. I only stress the new consumer protections to make the point that we are going to have a very balanced piece of legislation pass this Senate, if we get a chance to vote on it.  I yield the floor.  