 President, I rise in support of the Coverdell amendment. I sincerely hope that the Senate will adopt this important amendment. I think the main concern on this side of the aisle is not about the importance of an antitobacco campaign and an education program so teenagers will not smoke in the first place. This is very important, and it should be well funded. But money above and beyond that ought to go into fully funding existing programs rather than creating a whole new scheme of programs. Creating new Federal programs is a goal of this administration. It is important that we not just create the programs for their sake, but that we make sure that it is used wisely. There will be a lot of new revenue generated by this bill and we must not use it all to create new Federal programs.  We cannot put an obligation on the people of this country to support programs that we do not know, down the line, how much they are going to cost, just because there is a big new bonanza of money available.  The purpose of this legislation is to keep teenagers from starting to smoke in the first place. This must remain our focal point. This is one important reason that I support the Coverdell amendment, because it will put excess money into existing programs and not create a whole new list of programs. Another is that this amendment will combat illegal drug use--which also kills our children. We should not address one without addressing the other. If we say that we are going to help our children, then we simply cannot walk away from an opportunity to help them fight against illegal drugs. This is not one against the other--either we fight youth tobacco smoking or we fight illegal drug use. Quite the contrary, this amendment means that we do both.  We are in the process of considering monumental legislation. We are engaged in a major debate about what to do about tobacco. Many of the arguments in favor of this bill focus on keeping kids from starting to smoke. I believe this is a very important objective. But there is more we can do with this bill to help our kids. When you talk to young people about what concerns them, when you look at what they tell pollsters, you learn what most concerns them. If we are going to engage in all of this talk of what to do for young people, it might be a good idea to listen to what they have to say.  Young people today are very concerned about the availability of illegal drugs and of the violence that is all too common in our schools. Whatever else we might say about tobacco, it is not the source of the violence that threatens so many young people. While it has serious health consequences, those are not immediate. Smoking tobacco may give you heart disease or cancer in the future. The use of illegal drugs and the bad things that they do are not a problem of tomorrow, those are problems this very day, they are immediate problems, and the availability of these drugs is what most concerns kids.  We hear very little of this in this debate. I think we make a mistake in not consulting what our young people are telling us. They are telling us that we must also address the use and availability of illegal drugs if we are to protect their health. That is why I am supporting amendments to the tobacco bill that will bring the issue of illegal drugs into the discussion. I wish every time the President took time to discuss tobacco and kids, he would bring the issue of illegal drugs into the discussion. And I wish that the President of the United States would never be seen with a cigar in his mouth if his campaign against tobacco is to be credible.  Seeing that he is not likely to do that, I believe that we in the Congress must talk about illegal drugs. I therefore draw to my colleagues' attention these amendments and ask them to join me in voting for them. That includes the Coverdell-Craig amendment on drug-free neighborhoods and others that strengthen our efforts to deal with illegal drug trafficking and use. These amendments put drugs back into the debate, and they should be there. They should be there every time he talks about tobacco. They should be there every time he talks about children s health. The President should also talk about not only drugs being illegal and not that they are bad because they are illegal--but they are illegal because they are bad. These amendments givesupport to increasing our prevention, treatment, and interdiction programs for the issues that most concern our young people.  I also call to mind an important point. In the years that we made ``Just Say No'' a critical element of our counterdrug efforts, we saw a significant decline in illegal drug use among our young people. And we also saw something else. ``Just Say No'' had a halo effect. Kids not only stopped using illegal drugs, but they also stopped using tobacco and alcohol in impressive numbers.  In the last several years, in the absence of a coherent antidrug message, drug use is on the rise--use of all drugs--especially among young people. Tobacco use is also on the rise. We must address these threats to the health and well-being of our children. And the situation is worse than we think.  As the most recent national drug strategy hints at and other studies confirm, we have been under reporting drug use for years. That means there are more addicts than we thought; there are more users than we thought. We need to keep this in mind as we talk about teen smoking. We cannot afford to leave a problem that kids say concerns them most out of our discussions. We cannot look young people in the face and tell them that we are doing all this on tobacco for their sake and ignore illegal drugs. This is a landmark opportunity to do both, and we owe it to our kids to do as much as we can.  I yield the floor.  