 President, there is an old saying that reminds us thatwhen you have no idea of where you're going, any road will get you there. Well, that wisdom explains a lot about our current national drug strategy. It's a poor little lamb that has lost its way. The administration has never made drug control a serious element in its policies. Oh, we have had all the right sound bites. But we have not had the sound efforts. Not now, not from the beginning. We are paying the price for this inattention. In this and a subsequent statement, I will explain in more detail why I believe our national drug efforts are in disarray. Why they need more attention, more oversight, and more consistency.  I remind you, Mr. President, that this administration opened its doors for business with a move to gut the Office of National Drug Control Policy. It then began a process of cutting support to law enforcement, interdiction, and international control efforts. That process continued until the Congress reversed the trend in 1995. Even then, the administration did not change its tune on drug policy until the 1996 campaign. To those who might believe that none of this made any difference anyway, let me remind you of some disturbing facts.  Let me begin with a reminder of why we have a drug policy. We have a drug control policy because this country has a big appetite for illegal drugs. We have a major problem with addiction because we have a lot of hardcore users and new initiates. We have the hardcore user problem because we ignored all the warning signs about drug use in the 1960's and 1970's and early 1980's. It was not until we woke up one morning to find many of our kids hooked and out streets war zones for traffickers that we understood our mistake. Although we began late, we did begin to address the problem of drug use, production, and trafficking.  Despite what many believe, the war on drugs in the late 1980's and early 1990's was not a failure. Indeed, there is not a single other major social program into which we put money and effort that can demonstrate the significant progress we made in reducing teen drug use. We were less successful with hardcore addicts. But, as anyone who knows who has dealt with well-established addiction, there is no cure. Even success is measured in multiple treatment episodes.  Treatment can stretch over a lifetime with limited results. A typical addict may go through treatment a dozen times, and success does not always mean ending addiction--only the moderation of use. Thus, our folly in the 1960's and after in ignoring the dangers of drug use, laid the foundations for an addict population that remains a problem today. But we had made great strides in convincing a new generation of kids to say no to drugs. The results were dramatic and, if sustained, promised to return us, gradually, to a largely drug-free community.  But, as I have noted here before, we did not sustain the successes. We did not sustain the effort. The present administration shifted our priorities and our messages. We were told that we needed more focus on treatment. We were told we needed less talk about enforcement. We were told all these changes would be better. We were assured drug use would stay down. What happened? Well, the results are in. They have been accumulating for years.  They tell a revealing tale: Teen drug use reversed the downward trend. It is now on the rise and getting worse. The age of onset of use dropped to younger kids. Negative attitudes about the dangers of drug use went south. The legalization movement found a bag man to fund its efforts and is active on many fronts all over the country. We now see Hollywood and our music moguls back to pushing drug themes in movies and music. We see our major companies and advertisers dropping support to drug-free advertising. We see our major networks give less attention to this advertising. And now we know what happens. The consequence has been a growing drug crisis among our kids. This is no accident. We saw decisions made on wrong assumptions that have got us to this state. It's embarrassing and it's frustrating. And the administration still is lagging behind. It is just not serious. Having said this, let me give you just a few examples to illustrate the point.  I started by noting the cuts at the drug czar's office from the early days of the administration. That was not an isolated event. We saw the problem beginning with the White House's whole cavalier attitude toward drug use and drug testing among employees there. We saw it continued by the I-didn't-inhale atmosphere. As a result, we lost the ``Just Say No'' message from the start. But there was more than this. The administration also began to reduce support to interdiction and law enforcement. This has been well documented and I won't repeat that now. Suffice it to say that the administration substituted reducing supply reduction for reducing supply. The legacy of neglect and indifference continues.  Let me illustrate my point with a number of concrete examples. What these various cases I am going to talk about illustrate, when added together, is the lack of seriousness by the administration on drug policy. They are illustrative of the fragmented, incoherent thinking that has contributed to our growing crisis of teenage use.  In these remarks, I will focus on domestic issues. Later, I will discuss international problems. In either case, we have a peck of trouble.  Let me begin with some of those troubles. In the past 5 years of this administration, drug use among kids has doubled over the levels before it took office. Those increases came on top of almost a decade of declines. Although the use numbers are from every major survey of drug use, many the government's own numbers, the administration continues to argue that drug use is down. The President did this most recently in releasing the National Strategy and his State of the Union Address. He takes credit for this. How does the administration explain the difference between the claims and the facts? Simple. It charts drug use trends from the 1980's, when the numbers were getting better, in order to disguise present trends, when the numbers are getting worse. It also plays fast and loose with the figures.  They make the numbers work for them by doing what is called ``data slicing.'' What that means is that you focus on only one part of the data while ignoring the whole. Thus, in discussing the most recent teenage drug use survey, the administration makes much of the fact that use among eighth graders went down. What the administration did not say, however, is that use was up in every other category. And, it failed to note that the indicators of use being down among eighth graders was not statistically significant.  This is what the Wall Street Journal had to say:       Clearly, the recent data from the Monitoring the Future      Study are far more discouraging than the president has      implied. If the president and his administration insist on      talking credit for negligible improvements in relatively      small cohorts, then they must accept responsibility for the      overall dismal record that they have complied over five      years.  The figures are there for anyone to look at. The Washington-based research organization, the Statistical Assessment Service, did just that in their annual survey of the abuse of research and statistics. As this research organization noted, someone has being playing with the numbers. I offer a Washington Post story noting their findings and ask unanimous consent it be printed in the Record at the end of my remarks.  