 President, as I have noted on earlier occasions, this country continues to face a major drugproblem. It is a problem that affects us all. No community escapes the consequences of drug use. Our streets and neighborhoods are made dangerous and unwelcoming by those who peddle illegal drugs. Our places of work are not drug free. Today, we live in a country where even our schools are not safe havens from the ravages of drugs.  In just a few days, the Administration will release its newest drug strategy. It will be welcome, even though it is two weeks late. I look forward to it, even as the Administration undertakes efforts to do away with an annual drug strategy. The budget for drugs will be increased. That, too, is welcome. But we need to remind ourselves that despite steady increases in our counter-drug spending, we have seen increases in drug use by kids.  This is a fact that the Administration has tried to sugar coat. It has tried to disguise the fact that drug use among kids has steadily increased throughout its tenure. Despite recent efforts by the Administration to paint over this fact with rhetoric, the facts remain.  We cannot fight drug use among our kids by being less than honest. We should not even try. But there is another lesson in our current and growing problem. I believe that the Administration has not done as much as it ought to do. I believe it has left undone much that it should do. But, our drug problem is a national concern that must go beyond what government can do. We must remind ourselves that this is a problem that we must all confront. Parents, community and religious leaders, the business community, local politicians, the media, Hollywood, and our opinion leaders must come together. We need more than just money. We need commitment. We need more than rhetoric.  Every day more of our kids start using illegal drugs. We need to roll up our sleeves and get to work.  For these reasons, I am today presenting a ten-point program to fight back. This is my agenda to try to get our counter-drug efforts back on the front burner. We need to better define the problem, and we need to be doing more. As Chairman of the International Narcotics Control Caucus, I will work to push a more visible and effective national counter-drug effort.  The first item on my agenda is to continue work to strengthen local community counter-drug problems. Last year, I sponsored legislation in the Senate, later signed into law, that provides funding to local community counter-drug coalitions. I will continue my efforts to ensure that this legislation is fully, speedily, and responsibly implemented.  Second, I will continue to work on implementing a statewide coalition effort in Iowa that I began last year. The aim of this effort is to help create a framework to complement state and local efforts to combat illegal drugs in communities across Iowa. Working with such national organizations as Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America, we are engaged in a project that can become a template for other states. The coalition will foster input and guidance from a non-political steering committee and six task forces. These include members from Iowa business and union leaders, the education community, religious leaders, and representatives from law enforcement. They also involve contributions from the media, doctors, and community anti-drug groups.  Third, I will be calling upon our national business leaders and advertisers to renew their commitment to drug-free advertising. We have seen in recent years a decline in this commitment. That decline lead to the use of public money to pay for advertizing.  But more to the point, I am concerned about what it says about the declining commitment of our business community to support a national effort to fight drug use. This is especially true given the problems that drug use creates in the workplace.  Fourth, I will be seeking more resources for communities across the country to deal with an emerging drug problem. This is the double whammy of methamphetamine. Communities in the West and Middle West face not only growing meth use problems. They also face a new trend: Mexican criminal organizations are increasingly building meth labs in our communities and rural areas. Meth is being funneled into Iowa by these organizations. Labs are also increasingly being discovered. These create an environmental hazard that is often beyond the resources of local police or fire organizations to deal with. Last year, I co-sponsored an effort to increase funding to these communities for meth lab clean up. I will expand that effort to ensure sustainable funding to help local communities.  Fifth, I will continue to press the Administration for a comprehensive drug strategy. One of the major deficits in our current effort is not a lack of funding but a lack of focus. I propose to deal with that through greater oversight of our national efforts. In particular, I will push for a more comprehensive southern tier approach. Too often, our efforts to control access to our southern border have been piecemeal and fragmented. The forthcoming national drug strategy will perpetuate that imbalance.  While we build a dyke in one area, the traffickers open a hole someplace else. We need a more focused effort that brings resources to bear consistently. We also need to ensure that our major drug control agencies receive adequate resources that implement consistent, well-conceived and integrated plans.  As part of this effort, I will pursue more vigorous oversight of our counter-drug programs.  I will do this through insisting that we maintain a strong commitment to the annual certification process on international drug control. I will continue efforts to investigate specific programs and activities to ensure that our efforts are on track and producing results. I will also seek to ensure that our efforts to protect the integrity of our law enforcement activities is a priority.  I will also pursue legislation that will provide greater authority to our law enforcement community to break the link between drug trafficking and alien smuggling. Many of our local communities find that drugs are introduced or produced by illegal aliens. I have supported increased resources to both U.S. Customs and the INS. I will continue my personal efforts to ensure adequate resources and focus at our borders and in our local communities.  As the eighth point in my agenda, I will pursue tougher penalties for those who traffic and sell drugs. In particular, I will seek enhanced penalties for trafficking or selling near our schools and for peddling drugs to minors.  As an integral part of this effort, I will also seek to toughen, not weaken, cocaine sentencing guidelines. I believe it sends an entirely wrong signal to lessen mandatory minimum sentences for those who traffick in crack cocaine. The Administration is proposing to weaken sentencing at a time when drug use is increasing. It is typical of the disconnect between the rhetoric we hear and the reality we see. Like the Administration, I will support efforts to bring powder cocaine sentencing into line with crack cocaine. But I will seek to do this by supporting Senator Abraham's efforts to enhance the sentences for trafficking powder cocaine, not by weakening our efforts.  Finally, as part of my action plan, I will continue to work to strengthen our ability to deal with money laundering and organized criminal activities. The drugs that reach our streets and target our kids do not get there by accident. They are directed there by well-organized, international criminal gangs. Their purpose is to make money at the expense of our kids. I will work to pass legislation that I introduced last year to go after the profits of these drug thugs. I will also continue to press the Administration to develop comprehensive legislation to go after international criminals wherever they may hide.  This agenda is my personal commitment to do what one Senator can do to deal with this nation's drug problem. I will pursue this agenda as Chairman of the Drug Caucus. In the coming days and weeks, I will be introducing specific legislation to deal with many of the things I have talked about today. I will be coming to my colleagues for support. I will be expecting the Administration to live up to its obligations.  I yield the floor.  