 President, I wanted to make a few brief remarks on S. 2037, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, which would implement the World Intellectual Property Organization treaties. The amendments adopted in Committee make some significant improvements to the original bill. For example, the bill now includes provisions clarifying educational institution and library liability and use exemptions, as well as provisions dealing with distance learning. The Committee also adopted provisions addressing concerns regarding pornography and privacy. Further, I worked with Senator Kyl to make sure that our law enforcement and intelligence people are able to carry out their duties in the best, and most effective, manner possible.  It was important to me that the bill be clarified to ensure that parents are not prohibited from monitoring, or limiting access to, their children in regard to pornography and other indecent material on the Internet. I don't believe anyone wants to restrict parents' rights to take care of their children, or to take away tools that might be helpful for parents to ensure that their kids aren't accessing sites containing pornography. The interests of the copyright owners had to be balanced with the needs of consumers andfamilies. I think that the Committee made a significant improvement to the bill in defense of this important protection for our families.  Also, the Committee worked on changes which protect individuals' right to privacy on the Internet. I've heard concerns about software programs, probes, contaminants and ``cookies,'' and how they obtain personal and confidential information on Internet users and then convey it to companies for commercial purposes, sometimes without the users even knowing that this is happening. Even if users are aware a ``cookie'' or one of these other techniques has been sent to them, I think we'd all agree that Internet users should have a choice on whether to give up their personal information or not. While some argue that this is a non-issue because ``cookies'' and ``cookie-cutting'' do not violate the provisions of the bill, I've heard otherwise. In fact, I've heard about a case where a computer game company admitted that it surreptitiously collected personal information from users' computers when they were playing the game via the Internet. So I was not convinced that there did not need to be a clarification in the bill on this subject. The intent behind the bill is now clear that an Internet user can protect his or her privacy by disabling programs that transmit information on that user to other parties, or by utilizing software programs like ``cookie-cutters'' to do this.  I'd also like to make a few remarks on the clarification Senator Kyl and I worked on dealing with the law enforcement exceptions in the bill. The changes Senator Kyl and I made substantially improve the bill's language by making it clear that the exceptions will protect officers, agents, employees, or contractors of, or other persons acting at the direction of, a law enforcement or intelligence agency of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State, who are performing lawfully authorized investigative, protective, or intelligence activities. Further, the bill's language was clarified to indicate that the exceptions also apply to officers, agents, employees, or contractors of, or other persons acting at the direction of, any element or division of an agency or department of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State, which does not have law enforcement or intelligence as its primary function, when those individuals are performing lawfully authorized investigative, protective, or intelligence activities. I'd like to note that the Committee report makes clear that these exceptions only apply when the individuals are performing these activities within the scope of their duties and in furtherance of lawfully authorized activities. Our law enforcement and intelligence people must have the opportunity and the tools to carry out their duties effectively. This language was crafted with the input and support of representatives from the law enforcement community, the Administration, as well as the content providers and other parties. I'd like to especially thank Senator Kyl and his fine staff for their hard work on this important clarification to the bill.  I want to thank Senator Ashcroft and his staff for all the hard work and long hours they put into this difficult negotiations process to improve this bill. Their efforts in working for a balance of interests in the bill are to be commended. I'd also like to thank Chairman Hatch and Senator Leahy, and their staffs, for their hard work on the bill.  