 President, I want to say a few words today before we have our cloture vote on S. 1301, and that is the Consumer Bankruptcy Protection Act. That is going to occur, as stated by the Chair, at 5 o'clock. We are going to vote at that time on whether we can even consider this very important piece of legislation that is called the Consumer Bankruptcy Protection Act.  As I said yesterday, I think the necessity of having a cloture vote and the objection to taking this bill up was a desperation tactic. If the opponents of reform want to fight reform, let's have a fight about the merits of bankruptcy reform. I would like to get to the bill. I would like to have everybody vote for cloture on the motion to proceed, and then we are there debating this legislation. When we get to the bill, I want toassure everyone that I am going to work hard to further accommodate concerns expressed by members of the minority. I have proceeded in this fair way since we started to consider bankruptcy reform, and we have been at this at the subcommittee and committee level probably almost a year to this point.  In subcommittee, when we marked up the bill, I personally saw to it that many of the changes which my distinguished ranking minority member, Senator Durbin, wanted were inserted into the bill, and at the full committee markup I worked with Senator Hatch to ensure that a number of Democratic amendments were offered. I did not accept these provisions because I supported them or thought these provisions were the best policy choice. I accepted these amendments out of a desire to accommodate the concerns of the Democratic Members. So there is no reason for them to filibuster this bill at all. If the Democratic Members want to be respected, then it seems to me that the members of that party also have to act responsibly when those of us in the majority go out of our way to accommodate the concerns of the minority. There is no need to clutter up the bill with amendments that are totally irrelevant or unrelated to the issue of bankruptcy.  For instance, I have heard that the issue we just left, campaign finance reform, might be offered. I have heard that the minimum wage bill might be offered. I have heard that it is health care reform, that any or all of these could be added to this bill. That is why we have to vote for cloture now and, later on, on the bill. Otherwise, without imposing cloture, the bill becomes a vehicle for people who oppose reform to load this bill up with excess baggage.  As I have said repeatedly here on this floor, the American public overwhelmingly favors bankruptcy reform: 68 percent of the people in a national poll; in my State of Iowa, 78 percent of the people. So let's stop playing games and get to the business of the country. The cloture vote is one of the key votes on bankruptcy reform. A vote against cloture is a vote against a piece of legislation that deals head on with an issue of extreme national importance. The Consumer Bankruptcy Reform Act that we have before us, or will have before us if we vote cloture, is fair and balanced. It passed out of the Judiciary Committee on a 16-to-2 vote. How could a bill that got out of committee 16 to 2 be subject to a filibuster? So, let's get to the bill and, hopefully, pass it.  The Consumer Bankruptcy Reform Act is a bipartisan effort. It is a bipartisan effort which keeps the best of old law while curbing abuses. S. 1301 continues to help those who need the protection of the bankruptcy laws but implements measures to screen out those who use the bankruptcy system to avoid paying debts that they can afford to repay.  The fair nature of this bill is represented by the overwhelming bipartisan support that it received in committee. The near unanimous consensus of the committee action reflects a belief that something must be done to curb the skyrocketing rate of bankruptcies, which reached an all-time high last year, and that this bill is thus a necessary step in restoring common sense to our bankruptcy laws and the system of bankruptcy.  As the prime sponsor of this bill and chairman of the subcommittee with jurisdiction over bankruptcy, I went out of my way to make sure the minority was treated fairly. At my hearing we invited every witness the minority requested. And every time my distinguished friend, Senator Durbin, sought to insert language into the bill, I personally saw to it that his desires were accommodated. The only time that I could not accommodate his desires was sometimes he asked for certain language to be deleted.  American business lost around $40 billion last year as a result of bankruptcies. This translates into a hidden tax of $400 per family. We need to cut this hidden tax and put more money into the pockets of American families. We do this by reducing or eliminating the costs that we have of goods and services in America to every family of four by a figure of $400.  Efforts to burden this bill with minimum wage and other completely unrelated amendments ought to be resisted. This bill is too important and time too short to allow political stunts and unrelated side issues to impede or delay its passage. As I said, 68 percent of the American people support bankruptcy reform. In its letter to the Judiciary Committee, the administration of President Clinton indicated its support for reform, and I thank the President and his people for helping this legislation along. I think there is a real consensus that now is the time to act. We have a fair, effective, bipartisan bill which deserves to be considered. As I said, we are willing to work with the minority to accommodate their concerns even further.  It comes down to this. Do the Members of this body support bankruptcy reform? Will they vote for cloture today? And will they also follow on voting for cloture of the bill itself? I ask my colleagues to vote ``yes'' at 5 o'clock.  I yield the floor.  