 President, I would like to say a few words about the Community Reinvestment Act or ``CRA'' as it is commonly known. The CRA requires banks to extend loans and credit to low- and moderate-income Americans who reside in low-income areas.  Obviously, as we can tell by the tone of the debate in the Senate today, there are strong feelings about whether it's a good idea for the Federal Government to require that credit be extended to people of modest means since these people may not be good credit risks. I would like to focus on some of the comments of those who support the CRA. They claim that credit should be as widely available as possible. The supporters of the CRA argue that requiring banks to open up credit is good for low- and moderate-income people. It gives these people the opportunity to purchase a home, pay for college or better their lives in important ways.  On last Friday--July 24th--several Senators took to the floor to talk about the value of making credit as widely available as possible. For instance, Senator Kennedy said ``In this period of sustained economic growth, it is vital that all families have the opportunity to obtain credit in order to buy a home, start a small business or send a child to college.'' Senator Kennedy went on to observe that ``There is no capitalism without capital.'' These are strong words in favor of making credit widely available.  It will be interesting, Mr. President, to see if the supporters of the CRA take the same position when my bankruptcy reform bill comes to the Senate floor in September. There is a fringe element which opposes all bankruptcy reform who wish to derail this legislation, which passed the Judiciary Committee by a vote of 16 to 2. One part of the effort to stop bankruptcy reform involves criticizing banks which send out a lot of credit card solicitations. The argument is apparently that the banks have made too many risky loans and that Congress should restrict these lending practices. I've heard that bankruptcy reform which doesn't include such restrictions wouldn't be fair or balanced.  Mr. President, I find it interesting that many of those who support the CRA, which requires banks to make risky loans to low-income Americans, are also arguing that we should punish banks for issuing credit cards to low- and moderate-income Americans. It seems to me that the opponents of bankruptcy reform can't have it both ways. It's totally inconsistent to pushbanks to make risky loans to poorer Americans, as the CRA would have it, but then to oppose bankruptcy reform because banks have issued too many loans to poorer Americans.  I wanted to point out this striking contradiction today, Mr. President, while we're considering lending practices and the CRA and while the memory of the debate is fresh in our minds. I will return to this topic later, when the bankruptcy bill is on the floor.  