 President, I am pleased today to see this historic pieceof legislation will pass the Senate. After much careful work with Senator D'Amato, the Treasury Department, and the Justice Department, as well as our colleagues in the other body, we have crafted a bill that I believe will lead to much improved coordination in fighting money laundering. I want to thank everyone involved for their hard work on this legislation.  The bill will hit the criminals where they feel it the most--in their pocketbooks. By implementing a strategy on a national level, hundreds of communities across our country will no longer be held hostage by these criminal enterprises. As you know, money laundering involves disguising financial assets so they can be used without detection of the illegal activity that produced them. Through money laundering, the criminal transforms the monetary proceeds derived from the criminal activity into funds with an apparently legal source. Money laundering provides the resources from drug dealers, terrorists, arms dealers, and other criminals to operate and expand their criminal enterprises. Today, experts estimate that money laundering has grown into a $500 billion problem worldwide.  The Money Laundering and Related Financial Crimes Strategy Act of 1998 will authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Attorney General and other relevant agencies, to coordinate and implement a national strategy to address the exploitation of our Nation's payment systems to facilitate money laundering and related financial crimes. I look forward to the delivery of this first strategy next February, and believe it will be a valuable document not only for law enforcement agencies, but also for Congress as we look to react to the increasingly inventive ways criminals take advantage of our financial system. I hope this legislation will be the beginning of a serious effort by Congress to impact the growing threat of money laundering not only to our Nation, but worldwide.  Mr. D'AMATO. Today, Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 1756, the Money Laundering and Financial Crimes Strategy Act of 1997. I am glad that we have been able to reach this point. The House has sent over H.R. 1756, a strong antimoney laundering tool for law enforcement, and after some negotiation, we have amended the language slightly. The House has agreed to accept the compromise and I have a letter from James E. Johnson, Under Secretary for Enforcement at the Treasury Department supporting the goals of this legislation. I ask unanimous consent that the letter be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  