 President, I would like to make a few comments regarding the nomination of Margaret Morrow.  Some of my colleagues on the other side have attempted to argue that Ms. Morrow has been treated unfairly. This unsubstantiated argument is based partly on the questions she was asked in the Judiciary Committee. However, all that some of us were trying to achieve in asking those questions was to attempt to understand what Ms. Morrow's views were on a number of important issues to the American people. In particular, we've had a number of Federal judges overturn popular initiatives, in direct conflict with voters' decisions. The last thing we need is another Federal judge that will defy what the voters have decided. Ms. Morrow has spoken against citizen initiatives and has publicly opposed specific ballot initiatives. So, we believed it was important to understand better what kind of a judge she might be.  Now, we've heard Margaret Morrow was reported out of the Judiciary Committee in the last Congress without a problem. So, why is there a problem now? Well, I think to our credit, we on this side tried to give the President a great deal of deference regarding his nominees. But, as Senator Hatch and others have pointed out, the President has appointed a number of judges who have taken it upon themselves to try to make the law, and have angered the public in doing so. This record now demands the kind of scrutiny Senator Leahy advocated, which has been absent until the last couple of years or so. I've received a great deal of letters from my State asking me to do a better job of scrutinizing nominees.  Of course, after getting used to us rubber-stamping nominees, I'm sure it's been quite a shock to see Republicans borrowing from the Democrats' playbook and turning the tables. Over the last year, I've heard irresponsible and overheated rhetoric directed at Republicans regarding judicial nominees.  To suggest, as some misguided Members have, that Ms. Morrow's gender is a factor in our decision to ask herquestions, or even oppose her nomination, is both irresponsible and absurd. As others may have noted, we've processed around 50 women judicial nominees for President Clinton, including Justice Ginsberg, and I've supported almost all of them. As a matter of fact, the first nominee unanimously confirmed last year was a woman candidate, and we've already confirmed a couple this year. It's just absurd to think that any Senator makes his or her decision on a nominee based on gender or race.  Mr. President, I sent Ms. Morrow five pages of questions in total. As a contrast, I sent Merrick Garland 25 pages of questions. So, 5 pages versus 24 pages. And, we're supposedly unfair to Ms. Morrow. Figure that one out.  I must say though, it was easier getting Mr. Garland to respond to his 25 pages of 100 or so questions than it was to get Ms. Morrow to answer her 5 pages.  Mr. President, when a judicial nominee, whether a man or a woman, writes an article which is critical of democratic institutions like the citizen initiative process, it is our duty as Senators to learn the reasons for this. How can a Senator reasonably give advice and consent without understanding a potential judge's position on such fundamental issues? With the recent propensity of Federal judges, especially in California, to overturn Democratic initiatives on shaky grounds. It's important that we not confirm another activist judge who is willing to substitute his or her will for that of the voters.  I recall during the Democrat-run confirmation hearings of various Republican nominees the issue of ``confirmation conversion'' was a recurrent theme.  But, now the shoe is on the other foot. When Ms. Morrow answered written and oral questions contradicting her former beliefs on certain issues, I became somewhat concerned. Several of my followup questions related to such ``conversations.'' Where there are discrepancies, we have a duty to uncover the reasons why.  But a more disturbing problem I have seen with Ms. Morrow's writing is that, on number of issues, she doesn't say her views have changed. She says we are misreading her writing. In other words, she doesn't really mean what she appears to say.  In the 1988 article on citizen initiatives, for example, Ms. Morrow writes in language that is highly critical of the voters. She has recently responded that she ``had not meant to be critical of citizen initiatives.'' Yet, in her article she goes so far as to state that       The fact that initiatives are presented to a      ``legislature'' of 20 million people renders ephemeral any      real hope of intelligent voting by a majority.  In her statement, Ms. Morrow was basically saying that initiatives are inherently flawed, although now she is translating it differently. So this raises serious questions about Ms. Morrow's ability to enunciate her views in a clear and concise manner, which we all hope judges will do. If such conflicting messages are reflected in her writing as a lawyer, her potential judicial opinions may be equally confusing. How can citizens rely on writings of someone who has a record of contradicting herself?  But, on top of these shortcomings, Mr. President, there is a matter of more importance. Whether intentionally or not, Ms. Morrow has, unfortunately, provided false and misleading information to the Judiciary Committee. And, I believe the integrity of the committee and the nomination process is at stake.  When asked her views on a number of initiatives, Ms. Morrow first responded by stating unequivocally, ``I have not publicly supported or opposed any initiative measure in the past decade with one exception.'' And, then she mentioned a specific initiative from 1988 sponsored by the extremist Democrat, Lyndon Larouche, that she opposed.  But, despite Ms. Morrow's unequivocal denial, in 1988 it turns out she also publicly attacked three other initiatives that pitted the insurance industry against trial lawyers. Ms. Morrow wrote, ``Propositions 101, 104 and 106 were, plain and simple, an attack on lawyers and the legal system.'' In 1988, she went on to attack a 1986 proposition that would have reduced the salaries of public officials. She argued it would have ``driven many qualified people out of public service.'' Of course, we hear that worn out argument every time we debate our own pay raises.  Now, Ms. Morrow had stated, without question, that she had not taken any public position on these initiatives whatsoever. And, after creating this foundation of sand, she used it to refuse to answer questions on her views.  Well, the foundation crumbled after the chairman demanded responses, and perhaps the nominee realized her misinformation had been discovered. Only then did she finally provide more responsive answers to the questions.  But, the fact remains that regardless of whether there was an intention or motive, false and misleading information was provided to the Judiciary Committee by the nominee, an experienced lawyer, who one would presume either knew, or should have known, what she was doing. If she indeed didn't realize what she was doing, then one has to question her ability to be careful with the details, which would reflect on her ability to function as a Federal judge.  Now, I'm sure that many of you are unaware of this problem, so I'm bringing it to your attention. Unfortunately, some have tried to make the feeble argument that these were just mistakes that should be overlooked. Well, this isn't a mistake of failing to provide articles to the committee, which the nominee did. This isn't a mistake of quoting a controversial statement of Justice Brennan, and they saying she pulled the quote from some book, but hadn't read the context of the quote, and didn't know what it meant.  This is a major misstatement of fact, that was used as the basis for not responding to the committee. This is not what we expect from lifetime tenured judges. Mr. President, this is below the standard we all demand. This is below the standard afforded most Americans in their dealings with the government. For these reasons Mr. President, I will vote against the nominee.  