It came to some of the small businesses and the Chamber of Commerce in my hometown of Springfield, when what had been a profitable door and window manufacturing company was bought out by a nonunion firm from out of state. And they came in with the intent of busting the union, and it did not take very long for the business community, the small business community in this small town in Oregon to figure out, you know, if the people who work at Morgan Nicolai see their wages go down by 50 percent, which was what was being proposed in the busting of the union, they will not have the money for the dry cleaning or the restaurants or the new televisions and the other things.  Actually the workers got support from the traditional community. The small business community in many cases has not yet made that linkage. But it is their livelihood that is also being threatened by this downward trend. It is just not people who work for wages in factories. It is not just union members in the public or private sector. It is everybody who they patronize.  And as we drive down wages in this country, we are ripping the heart out of all of middle-class America. Particularly disheartening to see it happening in this case where not only have the workers in Mexico seen their standard of living go down, but America workers are seeing their standard of living decline, while CEO's in this country go to 200 times average wages of manufacturing employees. What are they doing with all that money? They should not be so greedy. It is just extraordinary to me. It is a recipe for disaster, a recipe for disaster.  Indeed, it is. And we are creating a hollow shell under this economy of ours; and some day it is going to collapse, and when it collapses, it is going to come down with a thud that is going to shake the boots off of people in this country.  Too many folks in America are making money on money, not enough making it on manufacturing and building things that are important for our economy and for our communities.  And when this wage issue continues to erode, as it inevitably will with these trade agreements, I think it does not bode well for our children and grandchildren. And I am very, very concerned about it and I am very disappointed about this tragic turn that many of our colleagues have bought into with respect to trade like we have to do this because it is the only way that we can compete.  It is nonsense, it is crazy, and it is driving the living standards of a lot of our families into the ground.  I thank my colleague for coming.  Mr. DeFAZIO. I thank the gentleman for his leadership.  