Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  The arguments are interesting. First off, this gives preference and we are being told it would be too difficult for a U.S. agency, for the Export-Import Bank, with our tax dollars, to determine preference. Well, we do that in many other areas of Federal procurement. I do not think that would be too tough to deal with.  It would put U.S. firms at a severe disadvantage, a severe disadvantage if they avoided child-enforced labor. I do not believe that for a moment. I do not believe that there are any responsible U.S. firms sanctioning the use of child-enforced labor, or discrimination based on religion, race, gender and national origin. So I do not believe that should put our firms at a disadvantage.  These are big corporations. They are getting a very nice gift from the taxpayers through the Export-Import Bank, and we are saying, in return for that, here is a carrot. We will give preference to those firms that comply with this code, and that have an audit done independently and submit that audit to the Export-Import Bank. All the Export-Import Bank staff has to do is look at and verify that the independent audit was done. Yes, there will be a little expense in doing the audit, but nowhere near the subsidy that is being given to those firms by the U.S. taxpayers. It is just to ask some consideration for the use of our dollars by these huge corporations, that they follow some standards of basic international decency.  I heard it would worsen the trade deficit. It is not going to worsen the trade deficit. The trade deficit with China is going through the roof. The goods that are being produced in China that are driving the trade deficit through theroof are in good part being produced by United States firms in China. It is not going to worsen the deficit in any manner.  There are other problems with our trade policy. The fact that there is no reciprocity, the fact that the Chinese levy a 40-percent tariff on our goods, when we add in the VAT, and we levy 4 percent on goods coming from China, those are the causes of the trade deficit. This would not worsen the trade deficit.  The United States needs to stand for something, and when these corporations are getting U.S. taxpayer dollars, we should stand for something. We are against child enforced labor. We do not want discrimination based on religion, race, gender, and national origin, particularly not promoted by United States firms getting subsidies to operate in China.  