Speaker, it is tax day. I am certainly not going to stand up and defend the existing system as either comprehensible to mere mortals or for being fair. It is extraordinarily unfair, the current tax system, in this country. We have heaped a massive burden on middle income wage earning families in this country.  Earlier one of my colleagues from the other side of the aisle stood up and carried on at great length about the tax system of 40 years ago. The gentleman was correct. The tax system 40 years ago was much more fair. The top rate was twice what it is today. The wealthiest Americans paid twice as much percentagewise as they pay today, corporations carried twice as much of the total tax burden in this country as they do today, and they were doing quite well in the days of Dwight David Eisenhower.  So corporations were paying a larger share, the wealthy were paying a larger share, and, yes, under those conditions middle income wage earning folks could pay a lower part of their salary in taxes, and we could have that again today. But I fear under this amendment that the last thing this Congress is going to do with a two-thirds vote requirement is raise taxes on the wealthiest one-half of 1 percent of the people in this country who are doing quite well, thank you very much, or raise taxes on those corporations who in fact are paying no taxes.  Seventy-one percent of the profitable foreign corporations operating in the United States of America pay zero income taxes, and the rest pay at a marginal rate of less than 1 percent of their gross. And 30 percent of the largest profitable U.S. multinational corporations pay zero income taxes in this country. Some of them pay, Intel company, something called a nowhere tax. That means their income is created nowhere, they do not pay taxes in Japan, they do not pay taxes in the United States. They pay taxes nowhere.  This amendment would lock that system into place. Is that fair? No. Is that what our colleagues on the other side of the aisle want? I think not. One challenged us saying, well, those people over there do not support a balanced budget amendment. I do. I have been a cosponsor, I have supported it for a long time. Are we going to get to balancing a budget by saying it will require a two-thirds vote to raise taxes and close loopholes on those wealthy corporations and the people at the top who are getting away with murder now and it only takes a 50 percent vote plus 1 to spend more money? That sounds like a recipe for disaster. Come on. Give us a break here. Fifty percent to spend more money which people around here love to do and a two-thirds vote to balance that off with revenues. I think I know who is going to win under that formula.  Let us talk about large mining companies. We gave away a $13 billion gold claim to a Canadian mining company last year for $10,000. If we got a royalty fee which I got in a mining reform a few years ago, that would be considered a tax. We should not have asked that poor Canadian corporation that is operating here in America and not paying income tax here to pay a royalty for the minerals they might extract from public lands. I mean $10,000 is more than fair for a $13 billion gold claim. To assess them a small royalty, the same that private landowners do, State landowners do, every other foreign nation on Earth does, Indian tribes do, no, the U.S. Government will not have a royalty and under this amendment we will never have a royalty and we will never get a fair share. My colleagues want to talk about operating Government as a business, let us operate it as a business and stop giving things away.  This amendment quite simply is going to again open up the cash drawer. One-half of this body can vote to spend money on anything and it will require a two-thirds vote to pay for it. That sounds again, as I said earlier, like a recipe for disaster.  It is time to be honest with the American people. The honest thing is, there has been a massive shift onto middle income and working families in this country and that is going to be perpetuated today if we pass this two-thirds requirement. When the American people finally wake up and they say, ``Let's close some of those loopholes, let's raise some money, let's pay for some things I want, like college loans for my kid to go to college,'' they are not going to be able to get it because it will only take one-third of this body to block any increases in revenues, any closing of loopholes, any asking the wealthy and the biggest corporations to pay their fair share.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this special interest amendment and move on toward fiscal sanity in this Congress and give real tax relief to middle income families.  