Speaker, this motion as I understand it would effectively terminate the 245(i) program which permits immigrants who have overstayed their travel student visas to qualify for legal citizenship by remaining in the United States and paying a $1,000 fee to the INS. I fully understand the concerns of many Oregonians who support extending this program indefinitely. However, I have also heard from some of my constituents who oppose extending this program because it would invite illegal boarder crossings. I do not support any measure that would unravel the progress we have made in enacting tough immigration reform laws passed during the 104th Congress.   I have long been a strong advocate of sensible immigration reform. That is why I voted for the Immigration Reform Act of 1996, which increases the number of border patrol agents and cuts the number of legal immigrants entering the United States. However, this motion places an arbitrary limit on the hundreds of legal immigrants who are currently being processed for residency status.  The 245(i) program applies to immigrants who have overstayed their visa and are eligible for residency status. The program also applies to individuals who are here legally and are seeking citizenship so that they do not have to return to their native country and wait 3 years before they can enter the United States as a legal immigrant. Most applicants of this program are spouses and children of U.S. citizens who would otherwise become eligible for permanent resident status. However, for those who enter illegally, this program should not apply.  I will vote present on this motion because it does not let Congress take a more pragmatic approach. I believe we can balance the concerns of both points of view. This motion does not distinguish between legal and illegal immigrants but 245(i) would apply for both. I believe we should make this important distinctionso that people entering illegally will not be allowed to enter under the same conditions as those who enter legally. This approach does not let immigrants violate current immigration laws but would allow those currently seeking residency status to complete the process.  In the spirit of enacting fair and sensible immigration policy, Congress should adopt a more realistic termination date so that current applicants waiting to join their families here are not forced to leave the U.S. immediately.  