Speaker, I think a lot of people listening to this debate over the last 2 days are. They should be. In fact this legislation is designed to confuse the process, rushing this through before Congress's month-long vacation, is designed to obscure the truth.  The truth is yesterday Congress adopted very substantial cuts in Medicare, cuts in reimbursements, cuts that will drive up premiums for seniors, cuts that will deprive seniors of home health oxygen benefits, and today they are using the proceeds of those cuts to fund huge tax breaks, $275 billion in tax breaks over the next 10 years, tax breaks that will double the deficit by the year 1999. Yes, that is right. The balanced budget agreement before us today will double the deficit over the next 2 years, and that is from the Republican-controlled Congressional Budget Office. It will probably more than double the deficit over the next 2 years. A strange path to fiscal responsibility.  What underlays this whole thing? Tax cuts slanted toward the very wealthy, repeal of the corporate alternative minimum tax; an embarrassing time in the mid-1980's when Ronald Reagan supported imposing a corporate alternative minimum tax, as the largest corporations of this country were getting refunds for taxes they did not pay. We are going back to that. We will all pay taxes so corporations can get refunds for taxes they do not pay.  Capital gains. Look at the distribution right here. The largest amount of money, 44 percent of the benefits, go to the top 5 percent, those earning over $112,000. If you are in over $112,000, cheer, right now, OK. If are in the bottom 60 percent, families making less than $36,000 a year, that is most of my constituents, those are the people who most need tax relief, look at what that large number of people, 60 percent of the population are going to rake in: 7 percent of the benefits. What a great day for middle income America. Forty-four percent for those privileged few at the top and 7 percent for the rest.  Mr. Speaker, this point cannot be made too many times in this debate. This is being rushed through unnecessarily so people will not understand the facts. They will say that 75 percent of the benefits are going to people who earn under $75,000 a year. That is simply not true. We are engaged here in the big lie.  The big lie is that this is going to balance the budget. It will not. We have statistics now that show it will double the deficit in the next 2 years. What they are saying is magically in 2001 Congress will come here and decide to cut $61 billion out of discretionary programs. That means cut the entire Department of Veterans Affairs, Department of Energy, Department of Housing, Social Security Administration, and the Justice Department.  