Speaker, I appreciate the generous grant of time. I would like to go back to the issue of log exports, because the gentleman from Washington [Mr. Dicks] tried to obfuscate the issue a little bit.  Mr. Speaker, let us say it in simple language. The Inspector General of the Department of Agriculture, a qualified attorney, one versed in the laws of the land and the restrictions on the export of logs at the Department of the Government charged with implementing restrictions on the export of logs harvested on Federal lands says, and perhaps the gentleman can understand this language, ``Implementation of the proposed bill will effectively gut the Forest Resources Conservation and Shortage Relief Act of 1990.''  She goes on at great length. I realize it is two pages, single space, and it might be difficult for some to understand. But in those two pages she comes to no different conclusion. This effectively repeals restrictions on the export of Federal logs so that we can become a log exporting colony of Japan where they do not harvest trees. I do not think that is right. I do not think it is good even for those log exporting companies in Washington State that are pushing this, because it is going to bring about a backlash if this goes into place.  Mr. Speaker, when people see the scarcity of logs coming off of Federal lands being diverted into a foreign market which does not allow the import of our finished products, it only wants our raw materials so it can protect its own dying and inefficient industry, outrage will run high in the Pacific Northwest and I believe across the Nation.  Mr. Speaker, this is wrong. This is the effect of this legislation. The gentleman from Washington who spoke so eloquently was also an eloquent supporter of the timber salvage rider when it first passed. I was an outspoken opponent when it first passed. A year later, the same gentleman was an eloquent proponent of repealing the timber salvage rider, the one that he had supported so eloquently the year before, because he said he could not have anticipated the impact.  Mr. Speaker, it is the same here. I urge Members to read the single spaced, two-page report. If we pass this legislation, not only will we have the giveaways of our oil, not only will we violate the Land and Water Conservation Fund and do a couple of blatant payoffs to a number of congressional districts, not only will the other anti-environment riders contained in this legislation go forward, we will repeal the ban on the export of logs from Federal lands. Plain and simple. We cannot deny it. That is the bottom line.  So if Members want to vote for anti-environment riders, if they want to vote for a giveaway of the Elk Hills Naval Petroleum Reserve, if Members love those sorts of things, if they want to give away the authority of the House of Representatives to the Senate and protect unauthorized provisions in this bill, if we want to set that precedent, if we want to roll over for the Senate, then vote for the rule.  But if Members do not, if they want to protect our prerogatives and protect the taxpayers and protect the environment, then Members will vote ``no'' on this rule.  