Speaker, I thank my colleagues for yielding me this time.  I think the gentlewoman from California [Ms. Pelosi] was most eloquent on this issue. The bottom line here is that the President, under pressure from a failing U.S. nuclear industry, because there has not been a new nuclear plant constructed in the United States in more than a dozen year, and none are proposed, is being pressured to transfer critical nuclear technology to China, a country that has a long-term documented record of transferring technology for weapons of mass destruction to rogue states. China has broken all of its past promises in this area.  But now, now, things are different, things are very different. They have signed a new agreement. Here it is. Oh, we cannot see it. Well, neither can I. It is a secret agreement. Now, they broke the written agreements, they broke the verbal agreements, all done publicly, but now they have signed this, this secret agreement here, my colleagues can see, it is quite lengthy, saying that they will not do it again, under certain conditions unspecified to certain nations, which are specified.  Now, I do not think that Congress can review this lengthy document in only 30 days and determine whether or not China has complied with all of the conditions of the secret document which we cannot see. I think it will take us a little bit longer. So I am suggesting that our colleagues should support this amendment.  Mr. Speaker, 120 days is not too long to certify whether or not China is really complying with conditions that we would like to see for a country to whom we are going to transfer critical nuclear technology, because I tell my colleagues, if we transfer that technology and it is misused, it will seem like a lifetime to people who voted to allow the Chinese to have that technology to transfer to America's enemies around the world.  So support this amendment. It is reasonable that Congress should have 120 days before the United States takes this unprecedented step.  