Speaker, I thank the gentleman again for his extraordinary leadership for this so far discouraging debate and battle to bring sanity to the trade practices of this country.  I think the study the gentleman just mentioned is something that the American people need to know about. Of course, they have not really heard about it, even though their taxpayer dollars paid for it.  The study the gentleman referenced which points to the extraordinary use of NAFTA by the largest corporations in America to drive down the wages of their workers, with threats of moving their jobs to Mexico, to prevent unions from forming by threatening to close the plant and move to Mexico if the union is formed, to drive down the benefits for those working people and their families, put extraordinary pressures on them. That was all very well-documented in a study paid for by our tax dollars, but strangely enough, it has not been published.  I would think, having been a Democrat for a number of years, that I was dealing with a Republican administration that would repress such a study, but no, I find out that the Clinton administration, that the Department of Labor is repressing a study, a documented study by a well-known academic economist from Cornell University, that documents how destructive NAFTA has been beyond the job laws, beyond the destruction of the environment.  It has hit average Americans who still have their jobs in this country, driving down their wages, while their CEO's, as the gentleman mentioned, see their bonuses and stock options rise to the sky. This is extraordinarily discouraging. I would call on the administration to release this. Let us have a full and fair debate over the impact of NAFTA. Do not try and hide it, do not try and hide reports that point to the problems.  Like my colleagues say, if we are going to consider NAFTA or extensions of NAFTA, let us fix it first.  The gentleman mentioned also the fast track. I think a lot of people say, fast track, what does that mean? What it really means is to get an agreement through the Congress with no scrutiny, no change allowed by your elected representatives, and no accountability. That is how we got NAFTA, that is now how we got GATT, and that is how they want to extend NAFTA. What does that mean?  Well, the administration goes out and negotiates this agreement, of course privileged between the administrative branch, the executive branch, and the executive branch of another nation, and what they tell us is these agreements are so delicate, of course these nations are desperate to have these free-trade agreements with the United States, but it is so delicate that they will get upset and take their marbles somewhere else if we allow the elected representatives of the people, the Congress assembled, to make a single change in a single period, a crossing of a T, let alone a substantive change to those agreements. That is fast track. That is what the administration and the Republican leadership want to foist upon us in the very near future in an attempt to extend NAFTA even further into Latin America.  I am no rust belt Congressman, no offense to my colleagues from the middle part of the country with a proud industrial tradition. I come from what is supposed to be the brave new world of free trade, the West Coast of the United States, Oregon.  I have been one of the few who stood and questioned these so-called free-trade policies. I was shocked to find out just today, I said to myself, I am going to go down and speak on NAFTA, it has been a while, give me some updated statistics, to find that my State,the great bastion of so-called free trade is fifth out of the 50 States on the list for companies who have filed for trade adjustment assistance, fifth. We are not talking about declining, old plants; we are talking about one of the fastest growing States in the union losing jobs across the wide variety.  Wood products, plastics, computer products, ship repair, natural gas, shirts, coats, clothing, sawmill machinery, circuit boards, trailers, and related mushrooms, we are losing the mushroom business to Mexico. Air crew training, natural rubber, latex gloves for nuclear plants, computer integrated information systems.  These are not the declining jobs that we heard, well, there might be a little dislocation, but all of those workers will get better jobs in these new industries. These are many of the new industries we were told that would bring jobs and prosperity to America, to Main Street, America, under NAFTA, and instead, they brought disaster, dislocation, and a loss of hope on the part of many of my constituents and others across the country.  There are some Members of Congress listening, and we are going to try and stop the fast track and we are going to demand a review of NAFTA as it stands now, and some accountability. Let us go back to those promises, let us look at a bill we introduced called the NAFTA Accountability Act.  Let us compare the promises to the reality, and if they do not match up, which they do not, as my colleague has pointed out, then let us ask the President to go back and renegotiate the agreement in a way that we can achieve the goals and the promises that were first rendered to us when NAFTA was jammed through this Congress on the last fast track experience we had.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back to my colleague if he has a comment on that. I see our colleague from West Virginia is here, if he would care to comment.  