 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this legislation. I appreciate the willingness of the proponents on the other side of the aisle to work with the minority to address the significant concerns raised by the administration. It is my hope now that we will be able to move this process forward with some dispatch and, as I said earlier, to begin to look at a different way of managing our forests; reserving the roadless areas, the few that are left, reserving and preserving the wilderness areas that are statutorily defined by Congress, meeting the needs of the spotted owl and other endangered species in the area, clean water concerns, but also engaging in some forestry activities in what would be called a lighter touch, uneven age stand management regime, one that came after hours and hours and hours of discussion between traditional antagonists in this part of the country. I only hope that a similar process can be modeled on the Quincy Library project for my own district and other areas where for so long we have been engaged in pitched battles.  Early on in the forest debates I got the carpenters union to go with some environmental activists up to look at management similar to what is being proposed here today, uneven age stand management, principally thinning, along with a forester who works on alternative management. There was substantial agreement that that would be something that had promise. I got the carpenters to then go to an ancient forest conference and say they would look at an alternative that preserved all the remaining old growth if we could look at alternative management on the remaining lands. Yet the administration out of hand rejected that as did Lord Thomas reject that in going through the plan, to develop the President's forest plan. I think this is a crack in the armor of the old save and sacrifice forestry. This threatens people that are polarized at either ends of the debate. I applaud this process to move away from save and sacrifice to uneven age stand management, selective management and forestry that is sensitive to all environmental laws and truly perhaps for the first time to multiple uses.  