Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding this time to me.  I would first like to congratulate the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McDade] and the gentleman from California [Mr. Fazio] for their work on essential parts of this bill that contribute to the national infrastructure and to vital concerns of ports and other infrastructure concerns in my region.  I would like to go back to something that was vigorously debated in a somewhat confusing manner during the original consideration of the bill, and that was the DeFazio-Fazio amendment process regarding Animas la Plata.  Besides confusing the pronunciation of our names, many Members were confused over exactly what they were voting on, and when I look at the report from the committee, I think it is not quite on target if one refers back to the debate and would like to make that point here today.  The key point in the debate made with the Fazio amendment to the DeFazio amendment was that we were funding a process, the Romer-Schoettler process, to go forward and come up with a new proposal, all sides having admitted that the original Animas La Plata project was not affordable and was not going to go forward in its entirety.  Yet the report urges that the Corps of Engineers or Bureau of Reclamation go ahead with great dispatch in terms of beginning parts which were proved under the Endangered Species Act should be constructed without delay. I think that contradicts the debate we had here on the floor. Later on it does mention the Romer-Schoettler process and working toward a compromise.  I think it would be a great mistake if construction went forward at this point in time when the emphasis in the debate, in the close vote we had here on the floor of the House, was, no, we are going to develop an alternative that is cost effective and environmentally responsible.  So I would like to suggest that perhaps the drafting of the report is such that there could be a problem in dealing with the Bureau of Reclamation and would want the Bureau to refer back to the debate and the vote rather than looking at the report language.  