Chairman, we have too many miles of forest roads. There is absolutely no question, 380,000 miles is too much. But thousands of miles, though, one cannot just walk away from too many miles of road and from poorly constructed roads. We have thousands of miles of roads in need of maintenance.  Unfortunately, the Forest Service often calls that reconstruction. If you take a 6-inch culvert and replace it with a 12 because it is blocked, that is not maintenance, that is reconstruction. That would be virtually eliminated by the Kennedy-Porter amendment.  The Dicks amendment takes the appropriated funds down to the level requested by the Clinton-Gore administration for construction-reconstruction. I can guarantee the Members most of that budget, virtually all of that budget, is going to be used for reconstruction of roads, which is environmentally benign. Some of it will even be used for removal.  I had hoped to come to the floor to add funds to maintenance and add funds to removal, but it is not allowed under the bizarre rules under which we consider appropriations bills at this point.  There is a $440 million backlog, everybody admits to that, for maintenance. But they are saying, we are just cutting construction and reconstruction. No, you are not just cutting construction and reconstruction. Much of that backlog is reconstruction, and reconstruction is maintenance to the rest of us in the world, but not to the pointy heads down at the Forest Service. We need to get that work done.  Reducing purchaser credits by one-half, which the gentleman from Washington, Mr. Norm Dicks, does with this amendment, by 50 percent according to the Clinton administration, I checked with them on this, will eliminate all new road building, including any roads into roadless areas, under the purchaser credit program. That is the way they would use that reduction.  What will the other $25 million go to? It will go to maintenance, which the Forest Service calls reconstruction. It will go to Aufderheide Drive, the most heavily used recreational road in my district in the Willamette National Forest. It will go to other critical roads that have been identified in the President's forest plan as needing immediate removal, reconstruction, repair, or upgrading, because they present dangers to watersheds and fish. That is what this is all about.  It is well-intentioned on the part of these gentlemen, and I do not want to subsidize the industry. No one can accuse me of that. So what, the gentleman from Washington, Mr. Norm Dicks, is proposing will eliminate the roads into the roadless areas, it will eliminate the new road construction under purchaser credits. If you buy into the argument by eliminating these monies, you do that. You cannot have the language in the bill. That is not allowed. And it will put enough money back into the construction and reconstruction program to do what the Clinton administration wants to do, to reconstruct problem roads across western Oregon, Washington, the western United States, that they have identified are in need of immediate upgrade, immediate maintenance, and they unfortunately call reconstruction.  What we really need is to have a debate where we make a more rational forest policy in this country and a more rational roads policy at the Forest Service, in the authorization committees, and bring that to the floor to the debate, as opposed to what we are doing here tonight, because we cannot get at the real problem.  