President, Bernard Shaw devoted his life to supporting Maine's family farms and to preserving our State's agricultural heritage. His recent passing at 88 years ofage was a great loss, but he left behind a legacy that will be cherished for generations to come.  I rise today in tribute to this outstanding leader and to offer my deepest condolences to his wife Norma, family, and friends.  Growing up in Aroostook County, the heart of Maine's potato industry, I saw every day the importance of family farms to our way of life and to our communities. Bernard was a leader in this iconic Aroostook industry.  Born in Limestone, ME, near my hometown of Caribou, Bernard began farming with Norma's father, Herman Ward. In addition to helping to build a strong and successful family business, he served the industry in numerous agricultural organizations at the local, State, and national levels.  Bernard served as Maine's commissioner of agriculture from 1988 to 1996 during Governor McKernan's administration. During my own service in State government, I had the pleasure of working alongside Bernard, a leader of uncommon energy, intelligence, and dedication.  During their 67 years of marriage, in both Aroostook County and our State capital of Augusta, Bernard and Norma were active volunteers in their community, serving youth programs, civic organizations, schools, and their church. Upon Bernard's retirement in 1996, the couple devoted countless hours to the Augusta Food Bank, helping their neighbors in need throughout the capital region.  In 2012, Bernard and Norma were honored with the Maine Agriculture Commissioner's Distinguished Service Award. The citation accompanying that award described them as ``two of the most accomplished, yet humble, contributors to Maine's agricultural community'' who personified the traditional, hard-working Maine farm family.  Bernard Shaw was guided by the traditions that define Maine, and he strengthened them for the future. His invaluable contributions to agriculture and to our State will be deeply missed, but he will long be remembered for his leadership and vision.  