President, there has been a great deal of discussion about what the appropriate tax rate should be for large corporations. That is important because we want them to create jobs right here in America and not overseas.  Let us not forget the true engine of our economy, and that is our small businesses. We need to provide true tax relief to our small businesses, the job creators in our economy.  I rise to discuss my amendment, which is No. 1151, which would create a deficit neutral reserve fund to support small business tax relief while preventing wealthy taxpayers from sheltering income from taxation at the appropriate rate.  It would send the message that through tax reform, we can help our small businesses thrive and be the engine of job creation and economic growth in communities all across our great country.  Small businesses make an out-sized contribution to our economy. According to the Small Business Administration, small businesses employ nearly half of all workers and generate two out of three net new jobs each year. Nationwide, they generate nearly half of our private, nonfarm GDP and one-third of our Nation's export value.  The State of Maine is truly a small business State, with nearly 300,000 of our residents employed by our more than 141,000 small businesses. That is nearly 60 percent of our workforce.  Most small businesses are organized as so-called passthrough entities, which means that their profits are passed on to their owners and reported on individual income tax returns.  Under current law, this income is taxed at individual rates, which can reach nearly 40 percent at the Federal level and can be significantly higher than the corporate tax rates that larger firms face.  Given the administrative costs and these high tax rates, small businesses are forced to devote more resources to compliance and tax payments and fewer resources to creating good jobs and investing in their local communities.  It is no wonder that a recent survey by the National Federation of Independent Business found that concerns about Federal taxes on small businesses ranked third on the list of the top 10 concerns.  With tax reform, we have the opportunity to fix this problem. Of course, we should aim to do so in a way that prevents people from abusing rates intended for small business passthrough income.  My amendment would allow for changes to Federal tax laws and to provide relief to small businesses, while not allowing wealthy individuals to shelter their income from taxation at the appropriate rate.  I urge my colleagues to support it.  