I am pleased that Senators Cochran, Manchin, Daines, Harris, and Boozman, have joined us as cosponsors.  In the background of the health care debate, there is another crisis that looms. We are facing a severe shortage of doctors. By 2025, we will need more than 100,000 new primary care doctors to meet the growing demand for health care services across the Country. The shortage is especially critical in rural and underserved communities, which are often those that have been hit hardest by the opioid epidemic. The most significant shortages are in family medicine, general internal medicine, pediatrics, obstetrics and gynecology, psychiatry, and dentistry.  These shortages have reached crisis levels in many places. In clinics and health centers in Aroostook County, Maine's northernmost county where I grew up, I hear stories about vacancies forcing Mainers to travel many miles simply to see a primary care doctor or dentist.  For the past six years, one program, the Teaching Health Centers Graduate Medical Education Program, has worked to fill these gaps. This program helps to train medical residents in community-based settings, including low-income, underserved rural and urban neighborhoods. For example, since 2011, the Penobscot Community Health Care Center has trained 31 residents and served more than 15,000 dental patients in Bangor, Maine.  We need to meet people in the communities in which they live and work. This program is training the next generation of physicians, and has produced real results. When compared with traditional Medicare graduate medical education residents, those who train at teaching health centers are significantly more likely to practice primary care and remain in underserved or rural communities. The numbers speak for themselves: 82 percent of Teaching Health Center, or THC, residents choose to practice primary care, compared to 23 percent of traditional Medicare Graduate Medical Education residents; and 55 percent of THC residents choose to remain in underserved communities, compared to 26 percent of traditional Medicare GME residents.  Teaching health centers are serving Americans from coast to coast. A total of 742 THC residents are serving in 27 states and the District of Columbia. The program is competitive, and trains the best of the best. For each residency position, THC programs receive more than 100 applications. In 2017, THC residents and faculty will provide more than one million primary care medical visits to underserved communities.  Teaching Health Centers have demonstrated a record of success, and it is imperative that we support them. Our legislation would reauthorize the Teaching Health Centers Graduate Medical Education Program for three years. It would also allow new programs to expand within existing centers and the creation of entirely new teaching health centers.  This bill is widely supported by leading community health and physician organizations, including the American Association of Teaching Health Centers, National Association of Community Health Centers, American Academy of Family Physicians, American Association of Colleges of Osteopathic Medicine, American Osteopathic Association, American Council of OB/GYNs, Society of Teachers of Family Medicine, and Council of Academic Family Medicine. We have also received letters of support from teaching health centers in Maine, Montana, Tennessee, Iowa, Oklahoma, North Carolina, California, Mississippi, Pennsylvania, Washington, Texas, Connecticut, New York, Illinois, Massachusetts, and Idaho.  In the face of nationwide physician shortages, our legislation would provide a solution for communities today and a path forward to train the physicians of tomorrow. I urge all of my colleagues to join in support of this important legislation, the Training the Next Generation of Primary Care Doctors Act of 2017.  