President, for centuries, families and communities throughout Maine were sustained by healthy working forests. During his 32 years with Pingree Associates, including 28 as president, Stephen Schley has exemplified the stewardship that defines Maine's forest products industry. His retirement provides an opportunity to celebrate his many contributions to the economy, environment, and the communities that make up the great State of Maine.  It can truly be said that Steve's commitment to Maine and our forests is in his DNA. In 1820, the year Maine became a State, Massachusetts shipping businessman David Pingree began investing in Maine forestlands. Nearly two centuries later, as a descendant of that visionary leader, Steve has helped to make Pingree Associates a model of sustainable forestry, environmental responsibility, economic development, and public access.  Today Pingree Associates' lands in Maine approach 1 million acres. Steve has always recognized that with those great holdings comes great responsibility, and he has always measured every initiative by its benefit to the communities and people of Maine. He has devoted time and effort to engaging with organizations statewide that seek to provide support for these communities and their development, both inside and outside his role in forest management.  Just a few examples from a long career demonstrate his commitment. In the 1990s, under Steve's leadership, the Pingree lands in Maine became the largest forest in North America to earn certification for sustainable forestry practices. In 2001, he guided the agreement that established a 750,000-acre conservation easement, also the largest on our continent, to ensure continued public recreational access to undeveloped woodlands. In recent years, as the industry has sought to address the challenges of a changing economy, Steve has been a leader in supporting research into forest bioproducts and developing new economic opportunities for the entire forest products industry. He has always recognized the value in engaging with all stakeholders and has worked in cooperation with the University of Maine to foster the next generation of foresters. Indeed, he worked to establish the endowment of the University's Forestry School, recognizing the unique perspective and unparalleled training that comes with working in the forests of Maine.  The people of Maine have always been faithful stewards of our forests because we appreciate their tremendous value to our way of life. As president of Pingree Associates, Steve Schley has honored our heritage and helped to shape the economic, environmental, and recreational future of our entire State. I commend him for his dedication to Maine's natural treasures and our way of life and thank him for his years of stewardship.  