Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, the Conservation and Reinvestment Act of 2000 is an historic bill which comes to this floor today, as the result of the efforts of a number of my colleagues on the Committee on Resources. I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller), my ranking member, for his support and cooperation in achieving a workable compromise bill to achieve the goals that we both share: conservation of our wildlife and our resources for our children and their children. The gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller) and I have not often shared the same view on issues before our committee, but on this issue we stand together to make this investment in our Nation's future.  I especially want to thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) for his untiring work to keep the Members talking to each other and pushing forward to bring this bill to the floor today. The gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) has passionately spoken on behalf of his State and district to share his concern that our Nation recognize the contribution made by coastal Louisiana to our national energy security and to the extraordinary economic growth and prosperity that we enjoy today.  I also want to thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. John), our newer Member, for his work to achieve a bipartisan effort on behalf of his constituency in Louisiana. Every meeting we had with the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller) and all the other Members, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. John) was there. He was there constantly with cooperation and sound advice.  I, again, want to thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), my old friend and dear colleague. There have been many battles over many, many years. Without his wise guidance and strong leadership, this bill would not have happened. There is no other Member of the House who, over the many years, demonstrated as much dedication and commitment to conservation as the gentleman from Michigan (John Dingell). He will leave a lasting legacy to our Nation of support for wildlife opportunities and recreation.  I would like to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Pombo). Although the gentleman from California (Mr. Pombo) may not support our bill today, he nevertheless has been helpful to maintain a thoughtful and courteous dialogue among those of us who wish to achieve our goals in a different manner. He also attended all the conferences we had together and contributed to each one.  He has been a valiant and constant supporter of the rights of private property owners, and I appreciate the zeal and determination he brings to that role. He and I share the same goals when it comes to protecting the rights of our property owners. They are America's foundation. I happen to agree with the gentleman from California (Mr. Pombo) that our Federal Government needs to do more to show them the respect they deserve, and I believe that CARA moves in that direction. I believe CARA actually addresses the property rights problems and also addresses the purchase of lands.  I believe that CARA achieves both conservation of our resources and, remember, I keep insisting on conservation, the word ``conservation,'' not ``preservation,'' and insures the protection of the rights of our private property owners. I would not support a bill that did not protect the rights of private property owners.  Now, what does CARA achieve? First, it provides the stable and lasting source of funding to achieve the conservation of our natural resources. Our coastal States are our first line of defense in protecting our environment.  They are impacted by many important economic activities in our coastal waters that benefit all of us, including the production of oil and gas for our energy and security. There are many other impacts as well, including shipping, fisheries, and recreation. They are on the receiving end of much of our polluted waters flowing from inland States. They have to deal with these problems and deserve our support.  As our American population grows and our economy improves, we have greater needs for recreational opportunities and for opportunities to enjoy the beauty of our country. This bill provides funds for Federal land acquisition, yes, but, quite frankly, ensures a greater role for Congress in that process and provides greater protections for property rights.  In the future, Congress can ensure that our Federal policies are fairer and provide more opportunities for those areas of the country which need and want additional Federal land acquisition.  As a Republican, I believe the States should have a greater say in providing recreational and conservation opportunities for our citizens. This bill sends back to our States funds for ensuring that the States can provide these opportunities. We should get our government back as close as possible to the people so that they have a direct voice in how these types of decisions are made. Let local folks decide what to do with these conservation dollars, not inside-the-Beltway bureaucrats in Washington, D.C.  This bill provides direct funding for wildlife conservation. It ensures that the funds are spent on projects that directly benefit wildlife. I, for one, am concerned that too much of our wildlife conservation dollars get spent on administration, bureaucracy, and not directly on wildlife, and this bill will ensure that the money be spent on wildlife.  CARA will greatly increase funds for urban parks and recreation. At a time when crime and education are the top concerns for urban areas, this bill can help fight crime and keep our kids in school by providing more supervised recreation for urban kids.  Increasingly as our economy grows, we are losing our history. It is important to remember and honor our past. If we do not know our past, we will never know our future. We must provide funds to preserve and protect our historic places, while protecting the rights of property owners. We ought to have the funds to reward those who help use their property to help us keep our links to our history. CARA will accomplish that goal.  Protecting open space and protecting endangered species are goals that many Americans feel are extremely important. I have been a leader in bringing about common sense and balanced solutions to these problems.  Again, we cannot accomplish these goals unless we work cooperatively with private landowners who are affected by these laws. Without these funds which CARA provides, these landowners are being asked to bear those costs alone. This is unfair, and I believe it will ultimately cause the laws to fail. CARA allows us to reward landowners who want to hang on to their family farms and protect endangered species.  Again, CARA is not a regulatory approach to any of these problems. It does not force anyone to to anything. In fact, we have increased protections for private property owners and provide voluntary incentives to help landowners facing some very difficult issues.  CARA will not harm our economy or our Federal budgetary process. It is a good and well-thought-out bill that will bring about some very reasonable process reforms while providing a steady and reliable source of funding so that we can insure that our responsibility to provide for our future generations.  May I suggest CARA will be the future legacy for the future generations of this great Nation. We will have the opportunity of our young people and those that are here today to enjoy the open spaces, and private property owners will have their land, and our fish and wildlife will be available for those that we leave behind.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  