Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank those that participated in the debate, those for and against this legislation. There is a lot of concentration on the first part, the Land and Water Conservation Fund. But there are six other parts of the bill that mean a great deal. Wildlife conservation, which is really my sweetheart; urban park and recreation, very important to urban areas; historic preservation, if one does not know one's past, one will never know one's future; Federal and Indian lands have been destroyed by this government that need restoration; conservation easements. The gentleman from California mentioned this.  I have my brother in California. I have people in California who want to farm that are actually threatened by the growth of the communities that, under the easement program, can still farm and keep that land for open spaces so people could enjoy it, yet he could have his livelihood.  We have payment in lieu of taxes, fully funded, the payment in lieu of taxes. Those are the things that are in this bill besides that second title. But keep in mind it is my true belief that, under my bill, there is a much better protection for private property owners under our legislation than in existing law.  Last year alone, this Congress spent $480 million to purchase land with no input from authorizes in the Congress, with no identification to the seller of the land, unwillingly, using condemnation. Under my bill, none of those things can occur.  So keep in mind, if my colleagues wants to protect private property, they should be voting for this legislation. But beyond that, as the gentleman from California had mentioned and other people have spoken to, this is a changing society. If we do not keep those open spaces, if we do not have the farmers available who can keep their lands, we will lose that. We will not have the species which we are trying to protect under the Endangered Species Act.  There is so much in this bill for the future that we ought to consider the long haul, the long gain for the betterment of our society.  I am the Private Property Owners Award recipient all my years in Congress, and I still am rated 91 percent because I believe in it. But this bill does not hurt private property owners. It helps them, and it helps this Nation's future.  