Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, S. 1586, the proposed Indian Land Consolidation Act Amendments of 2000, would reduce the fractionated ownership of Indian trust lands.  Fractionated ownership describes the division of ownership of a parcel of land among a large number of individuals. This has become a significant problem as Indian owners have died without wills and the undivided ownership of those parcels has passed to multiple heirs. In many instances, parcels of lands are owned by several hundred individuals, some of whom are unaccounted for and cannot be located.  The administration of these lands by the Federal Government has become very expensive and extremely complicated.  The Indian Lands Consolidation Act has been amended on various occasions. Unfortunately, the Supreme Court has found a portion of the 1928 act to be unconstitutional.  S. 1586 is intended to prevent further fractionation of Indian trust lands, consolidate fractionated interests, and vest beneficial title to fractionated lands in tribes.  It allows tribes to adopt their own probate codes and to probate the estates of their members in their tribal courts.  S. 1586 would also add new sections to create a pilot program for the acquisition of fractional interests. These provisions are intended to compliment the pilot program started in 1994 to solicit input on how to address land fractionation. S. 1586 requires the Secretary to continue this project for 3 years and then report to Congress on the feasibility of expanding the program.  Mr. Speaker, may I say this is an issue that has caused great concern. I have had calls from Secretary Babbitt and this administration and previous administrations that support this legislation because it is very nearly impossible for the agency, the BIA, or any form of the Interior Department to manage these fractionated lands. Consequently, there are many things that cannot be done that should be done especially for the natives themselves.  So I urge passage of this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  