Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, S. 430 provides for a land exchange to resolve a problem faced by a town in Tongass National Forest. The Committee on Resources favorably reported S. 430 with an amendment. The bill under consideration today contains further changes to the reported bill.  The purpose of S. 430 is to protect the watershed of the City of Kake, Alaska, and to maintain the value of private native lands that form this watershed. The watershed lands are owned by the Kake Tribal Corporation, an Alaska Native Corporation.  Kake Tribal owns about 2,500 acres of land forming the watershed for a creek that supplies the city residents a fish hatchery with clean, fresh water.  The property has valuable timber, but its location on the watershed has persuaded the corporation's board of directors not to authorize logging it, in keeping with the wishes of the city residents.  Last year, the Kake Tribal Corporation filed for bankruptcy, the victim of a controversial lawsuit. As a result, the board may have to log the watershed to pay anxious creditors.  Alaska strongly supports timber harvest, but only when it makes sense. While the city of Kake has made it clear that logging should not occur on the municipal watershed, the corporation finds itself in a no-win situation and may have to log the property because of the bankruptcy.  S. 430, as supported by the Committee on Resources, offers a reasonable solution. The bill authorizes a land exchange, in combination with a conservation easement, to fulfill three basic purposes: protect the watershed lands from harmful development, maintain the full value of the Kake Natives' lands and interest, and enable them to generate revenues in a way that should satisfy its creditors.  This bill is the product of lengthy negotiation and the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller), ranking Democrat, and his staff; and I would commend all of them for their sound advice and assistance.  S. 430 is a practical solution to a present problem affecting a small town in the Nation's largest national forest. I urge its passage.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  