Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5086. This bill includes a 5-year reauthorization of the National Marine Sanctuaries Act and miscellaneous fishery reauthorizations.  The sanctuary provisions make minor changes to the designation, monitoring and enforcement sections of the Act. It reinforces the importance of protecting the cultural resources found in sanctuaries, and it establishes a program to honor Dr. Nancy Foster. Dr. Foster was a long-time NOAA employee and former director of the Sanctuary program who recently passed away from a long illness.  This bill also includes three provisions that twice have previously passed the House as part of other legislation. The first allows fishermen to be reimbursed if their vessel is illegally detained or seized by foreign countries. The second establishes the Yukon River Salmon Panel and authorizes projects to restore salmon stocks originating from the Yukon River. The third authorizes the Secretary of Commerce to acquire two fishery survey vessels.  These vessels are one of the most important fishery management tools available to the Federal science. They allow for the collection of much needed scientific data to manage our Nation's resources.  Mr. Speaker, may I say, one of the biggest weaknesses we have in the whole programs of our oceans is the lack of research. H.R. 5086 provides authorization for environmental clean-up in current and formerly owned Federal property on the Pribilof Islands in Alaska, and assistance to help island communities successfully complete the transition from governmental to private ownership.  It also establishes the terms under which NOAA can end its non-marine mammal responsibilities on the Pribilofs.  Other titles within this bill reauthorize marine fisheries stock assessments; aid to States in managing interjurisdictional and anadromous fisheries; and the extremely successful Atlantic striped bass and Atlantic coastal cooperative fisheries management programs.  Finally, the bill will authorize assistance to West Coast States for salmon habitat restoration projects; give statutory approval to several provisions of the international agreement on joint U.S. and Canadian salmon stocks; and establish a program to assist in marine mammal stranding rescues.  This bill contains key provisions to protect U.S. fish stocks and sensitive areas of the marine environment. These measures are noncontroversial and should be adopted this year. I urge an aye vote on this important conservation legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  