Mr. Speaker, of course, I rise to oppose the rule, not because the rule is structured incorrectly, because it did not include CARA, as the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Slaughter) mentioned. Most of my colleagues are aware that this House passed my Conservation Reinvestment Act 315 to 100 some odd votes. That is what the public wants, 5,285 organizations support that legislation.  Unfortunately, the Committee on Interior tried to have ``CARA-lite'' passed, but I again stressed the point that for those that are listening to this program and those on the floor understand this is not CARA. It is, in fact, asystem set forth that for each part of our CARA bill, historical preservation, urban parks, fish and wildlife restoration, native lands reclamation, land purchasing, all of it has to come back to the appropriating committee.  For those listening to this, this is not CARA. I will say this to the Committee on Appropriations, I think that my biggest concern is, my colleagues have asked us to authorize, and when we authorize, unfortunately, my colleagues have decided our authorization is not correct, and my colleagues are going to do the authorization. So the rule recognizes my colleagues' role to authorize legislation and that is inappropriate and I think it is against the House rules. That is one reason why I am voting against this rule.  And for the leadership of this House on my side of the aisle, I have never voted against a rule before that my colleagues asked me to vote for, and it is unfortunate my colleagues have not asked me to vote for this rule, in fact, my colleagues have not communicated with me on this issue.  This issue is not going to go away I say to the appropriating committee, I will be here long after my colleagues are gone. I will win this battle to preserve our wildlife, because my colleagues do not do it in this bill. My colleagues have given a great authority to fish and wildlife but do not say how it shall be spent. My colleagues do not recognize the importance of fish and wildlife; and for those sportsmen, I hope they understand what the appropriating committee has done.  This is a battle that is not over. We have a long ways to go, and I will win this battle for the people of America. My colleagues owe us $13 billion dollars and have not spent it. We will not spend it in the future. My colleagues will spend it for land acquisition with no property rights. Oh, my colleagues will do that, but will not protect the people of this Nation and provide them for the spaces that they need, because my colleagues did not do it in the past and will not do it in the future.  My colleagues can say all they want about how great you have done in this bill, I say this out of friendship, my colleagues have actually put forth something that is hollow, something to appease the voters. When they do not read this bill, they will say what a great job. But when they find out, I will be back. I will be able to prevail.  I am going to make sure that the space is there for our young people, to have the hunting and fishing and recreation is required and the urbans parts are put in place and the past is preserved for us. My colleagues do not do it in this bill. It is a hollow promise.  