Mr. Speaker, I have a well written statement here that will be submitted for the Record. But in light of the time, I would like to suggest that this is a fair and good rule. It allows 27 amendments which will be adequately discussed and I am sure will be voted on.  This is a great piece of legislation, bipartisanly supported by 316 cosponsors. It is on budget, it is not off-budget, contrary to someone who just reported it is off budget. We have over 4,000 groups in this Nation of ours who support this legislation.  The rule is fair. We are going to have a long night tonight and a long day tomorrow, but I would like to see us out of here in time for everybody to catch their planes back home. I am going to try my best as manager of the bill on this side of the aisle to make sure that does happen.  I urge the adoption of the rule and adoption of this historic legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by thanking the House leadership for bringing this bipartisan bill to the floor. H.R. 701, the Conservation and Reinvestment Act of 1999 (CARA) is a seven-title comprehensive conservation and recreation bill that has endured a long legislative life.  CARA was first introduced in the House in the 105th Congress. Since CARA's reintroduction this Congress, the Resources Committee has had five days of legislative hearings on H.R. 701 and our consideration ended with a bipartisan vote of 37-12 to favorably report the bill out of Committee. Since then, two referrals have lapsed.  The Agricultural Committee's referral resulted in substantial changes regarding what agency would administer the conservationeasement program created in Title Seven. In addition, due to several Budget Committee Member's concerns, we have removed the provisions that made CARA off-budget.  In our opinion, an on-budget CARA allows the critical funding to occur on an annual basis, but allows for this important priority to be included as part of future budgets.  The coalition of Members that support this initiative have always worked to find consensus and continue the bipartisan spirit upon which this bill was created. The changes we have made accommodate many Member's concerns and has resulted in the broadening of our support. The manager's amendment represents a fair compromise with Congressmen Boehlert, Markey, and Pallone that addresses some remaining concerns and put to rest the notion CARA would create incentives for new oil and gas drilling.  However, with the consensus building and after more than two years of CARA's legislative development, we can only go so far. Today, we will discuss over twenty amendments. Most of these amendments are offered by well-intentioned Members, but many amendments are offered by those who choose not to understand this bill.  I continue to feel a great deal of frustration at the fact that many of the arguments we are likely to hear today have little to no basis in fact and, quite frankly, many of these amendments are solutions in search of a problem. Members involved with the legislation and the Resources Committee have repeatedly negotiated on many of these topics and arrived at the consensus agreement under consideration today.  I am confident that many of the authors of these amendments have no intention on voting for this historic bill, regardless of whether or not their amendments pass or fail. With that fact in mind, I ask all Members to vote with the coalition that support the House's approval of CARA and vote against these damaging amendments. If we allow damaging amendments today, it will be a great disservice to the communities who stand to benefit from the bill and those Members who have labored to produce this balance.  The fact is the Conservation and Reinvestment Act is a great bipartisan bill that provides critical funding for local conservation and recreation projects. Whether you live in rural Oklahoma or urban New York, this bill provides substantial benefits. That is why you find support spread across the Nation with all our governors, a majority of county leaders and mayors joined by the U.S. Chamber, Realtors, and countless conservation organizations. With 316 cosponsors, a super-majority of this House, a majority of both Republicans and Democrats support enactment of this legislation.  These Members and the constituents they represent have read the bill carefully and have considered the provision within. With this broad coalition assembled, I ask that we not allow meritless amendments written only to divide this diverse National coalition. As the House considers these amendments Members need to be aware of the impressive local grassroots support this bill realizes. CARA is a historic opportunity to provide annual funding for important conservation and recreation programs.  I again want to thank the House leadership, who have given us the opportunity to rally around this widely supported bill.  