Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my strong support for the conference report on AIR-21. This conference agreement is a product of hard fought negotiations by the conferees and it deserves our support.  The needs of our aviation system are great and last summer's delays were an obvious reminder of how bad things will get as the number of people traveling by air increases. AIR-21 addresses these needs by authorizing record levels of funding and by returning the aviation tax dollars to the aviation system. Through these investments air travel will be safer, competition between airlines will be improved and the level of confidence in the management of the FAA will be raised.  As a conferee, I supported the provisions which allow exemptions to the current perimeter rule at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport. However, I want to make it clear that these limited exemptions must benefit citizens throughout the West. It should be clear that this very limited number of exemptions must not be awarded solely or disproportionately to one carrier or one airport. I expect that the DOT will ensure that the maximum number of cities benefit from these 12 slots.  Closer to home in Alaska, AIR-21 will provide great benefits. With over eleven hundred airports, seaplane bases and aircraft landing areas, Alaska has the largest number of general aviation airports in the U.S.  Because Alaska does not have a comprehensive road system, Alaskans must use air travel for tasks we take for granted, such as grocery shopping and medical care. The passage of AIR-21 will make flying in Alaska safer. For the first time general aviation airports will have a dedicated funding source that complements the airport improvement program to improve runways, install much needed lighting and enhance communications.  I appreciate the opportunity to speak today and commend Chairman Shuster for his leadership and dedication to improving air travel. AIR-21 is a good bill and one that I encourage all members to support.  