Mr. Chairman, I was listening with great interest to the statement of the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey). But if one took all the land of all the Presidents that set aside those monuments, it equals one-third of what this President has done in the past 3 years. The original intent of the Antiquities Act was not to set aside vast areas of land; it was to set aside those that are special.  I challenge anyone to show me where any of the areas this President set aside in the massive acreage that has occurred that has anything specifically special in those great borders. If it was special, that one small area should have been set aside. But this President is using this act, which was never intended to do so, to designate and to dictate the use of lands.  Under the Constitution, it says only the Congress shall have that responsibility. For this Congress and that side of the aisle and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Dicks) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) and the rest of my colleagues to acquiesce to the executive branch is unconstitutional. My colleagues swore right up as I did, I swore to uphold the Constitution of the United States of America. Yet, we sit in this body and allow this act to be misused by this administration and say, oh, it is to protect those lands.  By the way, there was no local input, no understanding what effect would occur economically, culturally, psychologically. It was decided downtown, in big Washington, D.C., who knows best for all. This is against the Constitution. He is not protecting what should be protected. He, in fact, is running this as a fiefdom and a kingdom.  This Congress, to my knowledge, has never accepted any one of his monuments by the Representative from that district. If one goes back and checks Truman and Roosevelt and all those others, he did it in consultation with that Representative that was duly elected by the people. I challenge the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Dicks) to show me one Congressman that supports that area as declared a monument.  