Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I want to suggest two things. One is, I know this county; I was raised just about 75 miles above it. It was one of the larger refinery areas that refined oil. They have lost a lot of those refineries. They have 2 major refineries left, and I will be right up front with everybody, they happen to refine Alaskan oil. That gasoline that is produced is really burned in the State of the gentlewoman that is offering this amendment. If we think gas prices are high now, we should just try driving those refineries out of that area.  It does not increase the amount of money for California. It does allow monies for this area; it is heavily impacted. Like the gentleman mentioned, now that California has different areas along the coast, some of the refineries are right on the coast, this happens to be about 75 miles inland or a little further.  So I want to suggest that the amendment is aimed towards the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller), there is no doubt about that, but the justification I do not think merits the offering of the amendment.  I believe that the area which is identified in this amendment is an area that is highly intensified by refineries and should get some of this impact money.  Now, as far as California having a surplus of $3 billion, I have heard this over and over and over again, States having surpluses. Are we going to condemn the States that have surpluses because they have managed their money well? The money that comes from this bill comes from the Gulf States or for specific reasons that should be spent. I believe, very frankly, we ought to commend the States that have the surplus. I thought this was a Republican policy, to make sure those that reward themselves and work well should be rewarded, not those that do not. So I am a little bit confused by the offering of this amendment, when it would not, in fact, address the issue of an impacted area.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore (Mr. Pease). The gentlewoman from Idaho (Mrs. Chenoweth-Hage) has 30 seconds remaining, and the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller) has the right to close.  