Mr. Speaker, I was saddened yesterday to hear of the death of my longtime colleague, Herb Bateman. I had the pleasure of serving with Herb on the former Merchant Marine and Fisheries Committee from the beginning of his first term in Congress in 1983 until the Committee was dissolved in 1995, and since that time on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Having seen his work firsthand on these Committees, I can tell you that the United States maritime and shipbuilding industries have had no greater friend. He not only received the Propeller Club of the United States Maritime Industry Salute to Congress Award in 1995, but after announcing his retirement earlier this year, he was awarded the first ever Herbert H. Bateman Award by the American Shipbuilding Association and the Helen Delich Bentley Award by the Propeller Club of the Port of Washington. In his own district, he worked hard to see that the port of Hampton Roads remained competitive, and introduced legislation, which ultimately became law, to deepen the channels there to 55 feet.  During his tenure on the Merchant Marine and Fisheries Committee, he served as the Ranking Member of the Oceanography and Merchant Marine Subcommittees. On the Oceanography Subcommittee, he successfully shepherded through legislation that created the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) Chesapeake Bay Office, and authorized the Sea Grant oyster disease research program. That research has led to the first small steps that are now being taken to restore oyster populations in the Chesapeake Bay. Much of that work is being done at the Virginia Institute of Marine Science at Gloucester Point. On the Merchant Marine Subcommittee, he authored legislation that established the National Shipbuilding Initiative.  During his freshman term, he served on the Science Committee where he worked to support the interests of the space and aeronautical programs at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia. His wife of 46 years, Laura Yacobi Bateman, worked at Langley before their marriage. He also used those two years to assure that the Department of Energy's Continuous Electron Beam Accelerator Facility would be located in Newport News, Virginia. He was successful in that effort, and the completed facility is now conducting cutting edge research that will help us understand the most basic structure of the physical world. He also led the efforts to rename the facility for his personal political hero, and it is now the Thomas Jefferson National Laboratory.  For the last 16 years, he served on the Armed Services Committee. On that Committee, he served as the ranking member of the Military Personnel Subcommittee for three terms, and later as the Chairman of the Military Readiness Subcommittee. He also chaired the Armed Services Committee panels on Morale, Welfare and Recreation and the Merchant Marine. In addition to working to assure that U.S. troops were treated fairly, and that the readiness of U.S. forces was maintained, Herb fought to secure construction of new nuclear aircraft carriers and new attack submarines. The construction of these vessels not only meant jobs for the largest employer in his district, Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company, but more importantly assured our ability to project force throughout the world, when needed, and to protect our shores from attack.  While he served on the Committee, two attack submarines were named for the two largest cities in his district, Hampton and Newport News. He was very proud that Laura served as the sponsor of the U.S.S. Hampton, which was named for her hometown. In keeping with maritime tradition, she conferred luck on the vessel by christening it on the first swing of the champagne bottle. The U.S.S. Newport News was named after Herb's hometown, where he had moved to as a child.  Herb also worked to protect the numerous other military facilities in his district, and was proud that none were closed during the base closing process. The facilities in his district included the Army Training and Doctrine Command at Fort Monroe, the Army Transportation Command at Fort Eustis, the Naval Weapons Center at Dahlgren, the Aegis Training Center at Wallops Island, on Army training facility at Fort A.P. Hill, and Langley Air Force Base in Hampton. Not only did he support military facilities when in Congress, but he also served in the Armed Forces as an Air Force intelligence officer.  Herb was proud to represent Virginia's First Congressional District, which he liked to call ``America's First District''. The district included not only Jamestown, where American representative government was founded, but also Williamsburg where America's democratic tradition was nurtured and matured, and Yorktown where our country's freedom was finally won. During his first term, a resolution that he sponsored was adopted to commemorate the signing of the Treaty of Paris that formally ended the Revolutionary War. In fact, Herb was honored to represent the U.S. Congress when he joined the Speaker of the British House of Commons, the Honorable Betty Boothroyd, in 1994 to celebrate the 375th Anniversary of the first meeting of an elected representative body in North America, the Virginia House of Burgesses. The House of Burgesses was the predecessor of the Virginia State Senate where Herb served from 1968 until he came to Congress.  At different times, his district also included the James River plantations, the birthplaces of both George Washington and Robert E. Lee, and many Civil War battlefields. These include sites of the two Peninsula campaigns, Chancellorsville, the Wilderness, and the battle of Fredricksburg. He was successful in gaining Federal assistance for the privately-owned George Washington childhood homesite, and funds to acquire additional historic property that was threatened by inappropriate development at the Fredricksburg and Spotsylvania National Battlefield Parks, and adjacent to the Colonial National Parkway.  In addition to the founding of Jamestown, and the defeat of Cornwallis at Yorktown, another major historic event occurred in the waters just off the Virginia Peninsula, the battle of the Monitor and Merrimac, or as the confederates called it, the Virginia. This one-day battle changed the course of Naval warfare forever. Unfortunately, the Monitor was lost soon afterward off the coast of North Carolina. The Monitor was located in 1972, and became the first United States National Marine Sanctuary. The Sanctuary headquarters is located at the Mariners' Museum only a few blocks from Herb and Laura's Newport News home. At Herb's request, Congress required the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to prepare a report on the long-term conservation of the MONITOR. As a result of that study, a multi-year project is underway to stabilize the wreck, and recover, conserve, and display historically significant portions of the vessel. I am sure Herb will be pleased to know that these important historic artifacts will be protected and displayed so near his home.  Also near his home is the Monitor-Merrimac Memorial Bridge Tunnel. He helped secure the funds and permits for this important transportation project as well as the widening of the Coleman Bridge and I-95 improvements in the rapidly growing northern part of the district.  In addition to its military, historic and scientific research facilities, Herb's district includes important natural features. He represented most of Virginia adjacent to the Chesapeake Bay, including much of the James, York, Rappahannock and Potomac Rivers. His district also includes the last significant chain of underdeveloped barrier islands which run along the Atlantic Coast from Chincoteague to Cape Charles. These islands lie off the Eastern Shore of Virginia, a rural area of great natural beauty that Herb was particularly proud to serve. In addition to supporting funding for the federal Chesapeake Bay Program, he also authored legislation that was adopted by Congress to create the Eastern Shore of Virginia National Wildlife Refuge, supported the creation of the Rappahannock National Wildlife Refuge, and successfully sought funds to expand the Chincoteague National Wildlife Refuge. This year, Congress is expected to approve funds he sought to begin construction of a new education and administrative center on Chincoteague, one of the most frequently visited refuges in the country. Herb also authored legislation to ban the use of highly toxic tributyltin paints in shallow waters. That ban has now been in effect for over a decade.  Herb was educated and worked in the historic areas he was so proud to represent. After attending Newport News High School, he, like Thomas Jefferson, graduated from the College of William and Mary. While in the Air Force, he completed a law degree at Georgetown University Law School at night. After leaving the Service, he joined the Newport News, Virginia, law firm of Jones, Blechman, Woltz and Kelly. He retired from the firm as a partner when he was elected to Congress. After coming to Congress, he received an honorary doctorate from his alma mater in 1997. He also received an honorary degree from Christopher Newport College in 1992 and Mary Washington College in 1999.  This is not a comprehensive list of Herb's work and achievements during his time in Congress, but it shows you how his life and work were intertwined with the parts of tidewater Virginia that he so ably represented for 18 years. I know his constituents will miss him, and it saddens me to think that he will not be able to enjoy the retirement that he planned to begin in January. My sympathy goes out to Laura, his children Bert and Laura, Bert's wife Mary, and Herb's beloved grandchildren, Emmy, Hank and Sam.  