Mr. Speaker, the gentleman I hope would support this legislation. He has a large native contingency in his district that strongly supports this legislation; and if he does not support it, I am sure they will be aware of it. If not, I will let them know about it.  The main thing is that the reason the bill is different is the way it was scored. And I believe it was $11 billion. And as much as I believe there is justification there, we could not get it to pass the muster of other parts of this House nor the administration.  What we are trying to do is make sure that any tribal group that enters into a forwarding of money to set up a program, which they have been guaranteed, that they are being paid retroactively if they are owed money and in fact will be paid in the future. I think that is only fair. Because what has happened many times is they entered into a contract and then the agency, BIA or IHS, do not pay the forwarded monies and in consequence they have to swallow it themselves, and that takes away from the health programs, very frankly, of the Native American people.  I do hope that the gentleman will recognize the importance of this legislation; and although he may ask for a vote, I do not really put much truck in this administration. Although he is one of the opposite parties, I hope he does not either when it comes to Indian affairs.  They have abused, misused, and misled the American Indians in the last 8 years. They have used them in the vote. They have used them for the money that they should have gotten and that they spent in other areas and very frankly that they are using now. There is over $2.5 billion that we cannot find that we know is there and the investigation shows it there. In fact, the Supreme Court has subpoenaed and filed in contempt Secretary Babbitt and I belief Secretary Rubin and the Treasury Department.  So anytime anybody talks about the Indians getting too much or not enough, I am saying, look at the facts. I think it is very inappropriate, very frankly, to have the administration even think about a veto of this.  