Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  H.R. 1653, as amended, the Pribilof Islands Transition Act, was passed by theHouse in June 2000 with 400 aye votes. Unfortunately, the other body has not yet acted on it.  The Pribilof Islands, St. Paul and St. George, are located in the Bering Sea and serve as the breeding ground of the North Pacific fur seal. The islands were settled when Russian fur seal traders forcibly kidnapped, relocated and enslaved Native Alaskan Aleuts to conduct fur seal harvests.  This bill compensates local communities for expenses they incurred when the Federal Government, formerly the sole landowner and employer on the islands, withdrew its jobs and municipal services. It also authorizes funds to complete the environmental cleanup of the mess the Federal Government left on the islands during its 120-year reign. Finally, the bill establishes what NOAA must do before its responsibilities on the islands are terminated.  This bill makes good on our promises to a group of Native Americans who served as virtual slaves to this country's government for 120 years. I urge support of this legislation. It is long overdue.  This measure also includes coral reef conservation provisions previously passed by the Senate. Coral reefs are threatened by a variety of natural impacts and human activities including coral disease, hurricanes, destructive fishing practices, pollution, and changing ocean conditions. Despite these threats, coral reefs support the economies of many local communities and are essential habitat for many of this nation's recreational and commercial fisheries.  This legislation establishes new Federal-State-local partnerships to work on conservation and restoration programs. It authorizes Federal matching grants to protect and restore these valuable natural resources. It also authorizes NOAA to conduct mapping, monitoring, assessment, education, conservation, and management activities relating to coral reefs.  Title IV would authorize a study, subject to appropriations, to determine the environmental and biological factors causing the recent die-offs and strandings of gray whales from the eastern Pacific stock. In addition, the study should include information from studies of the western Pacific stock of gray whales to the extent practicable. This study will give marine mammal scientists information on a number of issues regarding gray whales including, among other things, whether the eastern Pacific stock has reached the carrying capacity of the eastern Pacific Ocean. The language authorizes $290,000 for Fiscal Year 2001 and $500,000 for each of Fiscal years 2002, 2003, and 2004.  Title V would make two additional catcher vessels eligible to participate in the Bering Sea pollock fishery cooperatives authorized under the American Fisheries Act.  I urge my colleagues to vote ``aye'' on this measure.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  