Mr. Chairman, listen to these words. They tell us why this legislation is urgently needed.  ``We don't want legislation to put us in a tighter box. If another need for this money comes up in the future, we want to be able to direct money to do it,'' says the deputy director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service about this bill in the March 2000 issue of Outdoor Life.  The deputy director's words were a plea for help and this bill answers that plea. Those who oversee this program still want to use wildlife and sport fish money, paid by sportsmen, to create slush accounts and fund other unauthorized needs.  This bill assists the Fish and Wildlife Service in their administration of the programs by providing clear direction on what they can do when administering these wildlife and sport fish trust accounts. The bill eliminates the broad discretionary authority that supposedly gave them the permission to spend wildlife and sport fish trust accounts on things like slush funds and other unnecessary foreign travel. This bill prevents abuses and protects the trust funds. This bill does not choke the administration of the wildlife and fish trust accounts. It makes them lean, and it makes them manage the money accountably.  This bill maintains the integrity of the two acts by ensuring the funds will be used for true administration by authorizing exactly what the administration funds may be spent on. This includes things like personnel, direct support costs, costs to make grants, and actual overhead costs.  It will ensure that millions of excise tax dollars paid by sportsmen and women on guns, ammo, archery equipment, and fishing equipment will go to the States to improve opportunities to enjoy hunting and fishing, enhance hunting safety, providing conservation projects to improve habitat, and a variety of other wildlife and sport fishery restoration projects that benefit all Americans.  The bill caps the amount of administration dollars at $10 million for both programs for true program administrative needs, plus $5 million for the multistate grant program that the Service improperly funded from administrative money. These program reforms deliver more wildlife and sport fishing restoration dollars to the States.  Because of past abuses, several certification, auditing and accounting requirements are added. These requirements will ensure that the committees in the House and Senate and the public will get what we need to confirm that the wildlife and sport fish trust funds are administered cleanly and effectively.  We authorize a multiple-state conservation grant program to fund wildlife and sport fish restoration properties or programs that will benefit both groups of the States. Often States wish to cooperate with conservation projects, and this program will allow them to do so; $5 million, split between wildlife and sport fish, are authorized for this purpose.  With some of the savings we achieve in the bill, we authorize a firearm and bow hunter safety grant program to assist States to enhance firearm, hunting and archery education programs, and ranges and safety programs.  We found a lack of accountability within the current Federal Aid program that administers the accounts. We found that Federal Aid managers lacked control over their own resources. As a result, we elevated the chief of the Federal Aid program to the level of assistant secretary.  The new position is the assistant director for Wildlife and Sport Fish Restoration Programs, who, organizationally, reports to the director. This structure elevates one-third of the total fish and wildlife service budget and places it squarely in the director's office. The sole responsibility of the new assistant director will be the management, administration, and oversight of the Wildlife and Sport Fish Restoration Programs.  Every Member should support this legislation. I knew that we had to press on and make these reforms rigid when I read what the deputy director of the Service said about this bill in the March 2000 issue of Outdoor Life.  I urge the House to support this important legislation and ensure that the taxes paid by sportsmen and women benefit wildlife and sport fish conservation and restoration in the States. By supporting this legislation, we will prevent excise taxes, paid by our constituents and earmarked for our game and fish departments, from being improperly used and squandered by the Federal Government.  It is our job to protect the sportsmen and women who pay the tax in each of our districts. Vote for this bill. Do something we should have done more around here, and that is to provide solutions to eliminate waste and fraud and abuse by the Federal Government. It just so happens doing it this time means more wildlife and more sport activity for the people in our districts.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  