Mr. Speaker, as has been stated before, we sought an open rule. The Committee on Rules decided to give us the open rule.  The law says that a percentage of that money, up to 8 percent for Pittman-Robertson and up to 6 percent for Dingell-Johnson, can be used for administration expenses.  We have found out, though, that the maximum percentage was used in 1998. $31 million was used for administration purposes. Throughout the 1990s, the percentage escalated from 2 percent or 3 percent all the way to the maximum, which is 14 percent.  Our year-long oversight project examined exactly how the $31 million was supposedly used to administer the important conservation acts. We found out, through the oversight, some very alarming things.  Mr. Speaker, I suggest respectfully, in fact, we found out that the money was spent not as the law said it shall be spent, not for administrative purposes.  The bill I bring to the House today is designed to make sure that not one dime of wildlife or sport fishing conservation trust funds are misspent again. We have been as accommodating as possible to concerns about adequate levels of funding for program administration, and with the open rule we want to be receptive to other ideas about how to make the conservation funds run more effectively.  The bill was developed during a 7-month process with 14 wildlife and fish sport groups representing each State. These groups conceptualized the solutions based on the oversight work of the Committee on Resources.  We held three oversight investigative meetings, and we had suggestions from those findings; and this bill is a result of those.  The law as exists today does not authorize those expenditures which occurred; but rather than argue over that point, we focused on solutions which are in the bill that I bring to the Committee on Rules today. My cosponsor and I decided to fix the loopholes that the Fish and Wildlife Service point to when they try to justify their expenditure of administration of trust funds. This bill caps the amount of administrative expenditures at $10 million. We spell out exactly what expenses are authorized to administer the program. We add reporting and auditing requirements. We create a transparent multiple-State grant program where $5 million of the funds were improperly used for unauthorized costs. We use some of the savings to enhance hunter safety and education. We create an associate director of Fish and Wildlife, and sport fish trust funds to raise the profile of these important conservation activities and look out for the conservation trust funds. These are solutions of the Pittman-Robertson, Dingell-Johnson acts, two acts that are vital to the conservation and restoration of wildlife and sport fishing in the country.  I have asked for only one amendment today under the rule that increases the level of funding from $10 million to $14 million, with a total level of funding of $19 million. We did this to ensure a transition period for 3 years during which there would be a slight reduction in staffing levels that manage that trust fund.  My amendment takes the authorized level down from 120 employees in 2001 to 100 employees in 2003. That adjusts the level upward thereafter based on the Consumer Price Index.  The amendment makes other technical changes to make sure that the bill conforms with other parts of the underlying Pittman-Robertson, Dingell-Johnson acts that are not amended. Other than that, we think we have a good bill. Overall, this is a good bill and should be passed and voted on by all my colleagues.  