Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. The base text of this legislation would create new mandatory spending for: impact assistance to coastal states; Conservation and Reinvestment Fund activities; wildlife conservation and restoration activities; Urban Park and Recreation Recovery Program activities; Historic Preservation Fund activities, Federal and Indian lands restoration activities, Farmland Protection Program activities; and endangered and threatened species recovery activities. The currently authorized version of these programs are funded through annual discretionary appropriations.  Without getting into the merits of the authorizations, the funding mechanisms included in this proposed legislation would represent a huge increase in backdoor spending if it were adopted by this House. The amendment before us would return the funding for these authorizations to discretionary appropriations for fiscal years 2002 through 2005. This is the right way to approach funding these activities, and this amendment should be adopted.  Establishing mandatory spending for these activities is exactly contrary to what this House has been attempting to do in getting control of the runaway spending of the past and establishing controls and priority setting mechanisms for all spending. Mandatory spendingshould only be used for programs whose needs are paramount and nearly absolute. Even though many activities are funded by trust funds or other direct revenue sources, this is not justification to pass through these funds to program beneficiaries year after year without annual review.  For those of you that think that the programs in this proposed legislation deserve funding compared to other discretionary programs, there is a way to make that happen. It's called the appropriations process. It's the best priority setting mechanism in the government. It reflects better than anything else the annual spending priorities of Congress. For those of you that say the overall discretionary levels are too low to accommodate funding these programs, there is a way to address that. It is called the congressional budget resolution. If you think the overall level discretionary level is too low, you can make your feelings known in the budget resolution process.  For those of you that think the discretionary levels are about right but you want these activities funded anyway, you can put pressure on the appropriations process to do so. But, it would be extremely inconsistent with the established budget process to create this type of new mandatory spending while supporting tight discretionary spending.  This mantra of ``unlock the trust funds'' has got to be recognized for the bad budget process that it is creating. One of the reasons that we have trust funds is so that we can review the spending needs placed on them, not so that there is just an automatic pass through mechanism. They are trust funds, not revolving funds. The people that pay the money into them need to be reassured that the Congress is continuously reviewing spending priorities. It is the rightful purview of Congress to decide to reduce or increase trust fund spending as it sees fit based on priorities, not based on the fact that the revenue source is a trust fund.  Without the fixes proposed by this amendment, this is bad legislation. Members shouldn't think that this is a free vote to support your particular program interest and ignore the financing mechanism. Don't think that the budget problems will get sorted out later. There is a very bad track record being developed in that regard. Don't think that the Senate or the President will do the right thing later even though we won't now.  Mr. Chairman, the fiscal year 2001 appropriations process is getting into full swing. We have a lean overall allocation. We will be bringing lean bills to the floor. We will have high priority needs that those bills won't be able to fund. It just seems to me that if we defeat this amendment and allow new mandatory spending at the same time we are trying to establish priorities on a discretionary allocation, things are out of whack. That would be an insult to the process. We need to adopt this amendment and get back to a rational priority setting system.  Vote ``yes.''  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Chambliss).  The question was taken; and the Chairman pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it.  