Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to present to the House S. 148, the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act.  Neotropical migrants are birds that travel across international borders and depend upon thousands of miles of suitable habitat. Each autumn some 5 billion birds from 500 species migrate between their breeding grounds in North America and their tropical homes in the Caribbean and Latin America.  Regrettably, the population of many neotropical migratory bird species had declined to dangerously low levels. There are many reasons for this population collapse including competition among species, hazards along migration routes, pesticide use, and loss of essential habitat.  What is lacking is a strategic international plan for bird conservation, money for on-the-ground projects, public awareness, and any real cooperation between those countries where these birds live.  While S. 148 will not solve all the problems facing neotropical migratory birds, it is a positive step. Under this bill, we would create a Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Account. This account would be used to finance worthwhile conservation projects approved by the Secretary of the Interior.  S. 148 has been adopted by the other body, and today we are considering a modified version of that legislation. This bill supports conservation initiatives in the Caribbean, Latin America, and the United States; extends the authorization period until September 30, 2005; lowers the Federal matching requirement; reduces the amount of administrative expenses; and stipulates that not less than 75 percent of the money appropriated under this act must be spent on conservation projects undertaken outside the United States. This is simply recognition of the fact that most of the problems facing neotropical migratory birds occur in foreign migration routes and that every effort should be made to spend these limited Federal funds on conservation and not bureaucracy.  Furthermore, as the House author of H.R. 39, I do not expect that any of the money appropriated under this act will be spent on land acquisition in the United States.  Finally, I want to thank my good friend, Congressman Richard Pombo, for his willingness to work together on this proposal, and I compliment Senator Spencer Abraham for his tireless leadership on this important conservation measure.  I urge an ``Aye'' vote on S. 148.  