Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  Mr. Chairman, it has been an interesting conversation. I will stay away from the monuments, but we will talk about that later. We did vote on them on this floor. If the gentleman did not vote for it, he was not doing his duty.  I am a little disappointed that the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Dicks) opposes the Nethercutt amendment. The Nethercutt amendment does exactly what he says it does, it follows the law.  I know the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Dicks) likes to follow the law. He goes to the State of Alaska and catches all my salmon. And the best thing I want to do is have the salmon reestablished on the Columbia River so he quits raiding my fish in Alaska. I mean, especially when he takes numerous amounts of those fish that I would like to take myself.  I would like to suggest one thing. The Nethercutt amendment does exactly what is correct, following the laws that this Congress passed. But this administration has a great tendency to not to follow the law in any way, shape, or form. This is their habit. This is their MO. They care little about this Congress. We are going to do what we think is right and forget the people of America.  Now, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Nethercutt) said it exactly right, the Columbia initiative was in fact a designation and a study on the Columbia River concerning mostly Oregon and Washington, Montana, Idaho, State River, Columbia River, etc.; and it is all being done by the agencies.  And my colleagues want to have a decision that goes against the laws on the books today, a decision made by an administration that does not really follow the law? They want to include this Congress in that decision on how it will affect the local economy? They want to have a decision made now so we do not have further actions by the judicial branch?  I am going to suggest, respectfully, if the Nethercutt amendment is not adopted it will end up in court and nothing will occur and no solution will be reached.  So I am suggesting that the Nethercutt amendment is the right way to go. This is what should be done and will be done if we do what is right.  