Speaker, I am pleased that the House of Representatives today is considering H.R. 1944, the Private Property Rights Protection Act, as part of Stop Government Abuse Week. My bill aims to restore the property rights of all Americans the Supreme Court took away 9 years ago.  The Founders of our country recognized the importance of an individual's right to personal property when they drafted the Constitution. The Fifth Amendment states, ``nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.''  In Kelo v. the City of New London, in a 5-4 decision, the Supreme Court decided that economic development can be a public use under the Fifth Amendment's Takings Clause. The Court held that the government could take private property from an owner to help a corporation or a private developer.  The now infamous Kelo decision was met with swift and strong opposition. As former Justice O'Connor stated, ``Government now has license to transfer property from those with fewer resources to those with more. The Founders cannot have intended this perverse result.''  In the nearly 9 years since Kelo, polls show that Americans overwhelmingly oppose property being taken and transferred to another private owner, even if it is for a public economic good.  Groups including the AARP and NAACP oppose Kelo, noting that, ``the takings that result [from the Court's decision] will disproportionately affect and harm the economically disadvantaged and, in particular, racial and ethnic minorities and the elderly.''  Representatives of religious organizations have stated that, ``Houses of worship and other religious institutions are, by their very nature, nonprofit and almost universally tax-exempt. These fundamental characteristics of religious institutions render their property singularly vulnerable to being taken under the rationale approved by the Supreme Court.''  Should the government be able to close churches if it prefers malls?  The Private Property Rights Protection Act is needed to restore to all Americans the property rights the Supreme Court took away. Although several States have independently passed legislation to limit their power of eminent domain, the supreme courts of Illinois, Michigan, and Ohio have barred the practice under State constitutions. These laws exist on a varying degree.  H.R. 1944 would prohibit State and local governments that receive Federal economic development funds from using economic development as a justification for taking property from one person and giving it to another private entity.  Any State or local government that violates this prohibition will be ineligible to receive Federal economic development funds for 2 years.  The protection of property rights is one of the most important tenets of our government.  I am mindful of the long history of eminent domain abuses, particularly in low-income and often predominantly minority neighborhoods, and the need to stop it.  I am also mindful of the reasons we should allow the government to take land when the way in which the land is being used constitutes an immediate threat to public health and safety. I believe this bill accomplishes both goals.  I urge my colleagues to join me in protecting property rights for all Americans and limiting the dangerous effects of the Kelo decision on the most vulnerable in society.  