President, I will be very brief. I know my colleague from New York, Senator Schumer, has a plane to catch.  Senator Burns and I have worked for more than 4 years on this legislation, and it is particularly important that it pass today. Every single day, the flood of pornographic and sleazy spam grows. With this legislation, Congress is beginning to stem the tide. We understand that this is going to be a difficult battle because the kingpin spammers are not technological simpletons. No matter what law Congress passes, they are going to be very aggressive about trying to find evasive strategies to get around that. But I am of the view that with the passage of this legislation, if our prosecutors, the Federal Trade Commission, and the Attorney General come down on the kingpin spammers with hobnail boots, we can put in place a strategy that can stem this tide.  Suffice it to say, the spammers are going to go to great lengths to try to get around this law. We know, for example, that many of them are going to try to move offshore. It is going to be important to have international agreements that will also bring together U.S. authorities and international authorities against those who would try to get around this legislation.  It is important to remember what Congress is doing now; that is, Congress is saying spamming is an outlaw business. It is an outlaw business that is going to be treated as an area of priorities for prosecutors and law enforcement officials. That has not been the case in the past. Essentially, when Senator Burns and I pursued this problem of spamming a number of years ago, a lot of people asked: Why in the world would a couple of U.S. Senators be tackling this issue? They intimated that it really wasn't worthy of the Senate's time. Spam has grown so extraordinarily in the last few years, and now people have been clammering about why the Senate isn't moving ahead with this legislation that they think is important because spam is such an intrusion into their lives every single day.  We have continued work to do. Senator Schumer will speak next. He has a very important idea with respect to trying to put in place a Do Not Spam list. It is a promising one. I think all of us would acknowledge there are some details to be worked out with the Federal Trade Commission. Senator Corzine has done some very good work in looking at some creative ideas for the future. I intend to work closely with him because he has been a leader in the technology area. But I think we ought to understand that this effort today is the culmination of more than 4 years of hard work. It is not just needed, it is overdue.  We are not going to pretend this legislation is a silver bullet because we know that no piece of legislation is. But when this bill takes effect, the big-time spammers who up to this point faced no consequences, for all practical purposes, will suddenly be at risk for criminal prosecution, Federal Trade Commission enforcement, and million-dollar lawsuits by State attorneys general and Internet service providers.  I believe a number of these key enforcement actions will be taken immediately after this legislation is passed. This will set in place the kind of deterrent that is going to allow us to say it is a different day. The big-time spammers will face consequences when they flood our citizens and our families with the trash and the pornography. That is why this is an important step forward.  He is going to speak next, but I commend my colleague, the Senator from New York, for his usual persistence. He stayed at it by saying this was an important issue. We have wrestled with this question with respect to the Do Not Call list as well. I happen to think that the Senator from New York is certainly talking about a principle we need to address in the communications area. I happen to think the first amendment is special. People ought to have the right to communicate. But citizens also ought to have the right to say: We have had enough. We don't want to have people flooded with this kind of information. That is the principle that is at stake here. I commend the Senator from New York.  My partner, the chairman of the telecommunications subcommittee, is not in the Chamber. But I am proud to serve with him. He has been an exceptionally gracious ally on this for many years.  I am glad that this proconsumer measure, a measure that I think makes a beginning in efforts against big-time spammers, is passing. It will be of great benefit to consumers.  I yield the floor.  