President.  Mr. President, a couple of arguments need to be addressed at this point. The Senator from Louisiana, Ms. Landrieu, just recently said the Wyden-Sununu provision would, in some way, jeopardize the reliability of power and cost jobs today. That is simply not correct. No plant that is operating today--not one--would be affected by this amendment, and not a single job in America would be lost. Now, with respect to jobs of the future--and I think this is important to note--if you look at the official figures of the Federal Government--these are supplied by the Energy Information Agency--the fact is, you can build four or five gas-fired plants for the cost of one nuclear facility. That is, again, not something just made up. Those are the official figures of the Federal Government with respect to the comparative costs of this amendment.  I think we ought to note, for example, just how unprecedented this is. When people began to debate nuclear power decades ago--50 years ago--when the commercial nuclear industry was first getting started, there were not any loan guarantees. In fact, even during the early days, there was no subsidy along these lines. People would say, let's support research, let's support various opportunities to assist with the nuclear reactors but not even in the early days was there a construction subsidy. In fact, in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 there was an explicit prohibition on subsidizing any of these facilities.  So what we are talking about is something where a nonpartisan analysis from the Congressional Budget Office has made it clear it is risky. They said there is upwards of a 50-percent likelihood of default. The Congressional Research Service has said it is going to be costly. Mr. President, $14 to $16 billion is the appraisal of the Congressional Research Service.  I have made it clear it is unprecedented both with respect to this bill and the history. Finally, it is simply unfair when you compare it to other sources of power.  I wrap up this part of the discussion by making sure Senators are clear on the distinction between nuclear power and various other sources of power under this proposal.  Under the way the Domenici legislation is written, if you do not produce any wind, you get no direct subsidy. But under the legislation as it stands today, if you do not produce any nuclear power, you get a subsidy. That is as clear a distinction as we could possibly make. For all the other sources of power, if you produce nothing, no subsidy; for nuclear, if you produce nothing, you get a big subsidy. The difference--what it all comes down to--is whether Senators believe that one particular source of power deserves cash up front and, in effect, putting taxpayers on the hook at the outset before anything is produced.  On a bipartisan basis--three Democratic Senators, three Republican Senators, and an Independent--we think that is unwise.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  