President, I think the Senator from Florida and I have tried to spend our half hour talking about specific ways in which the Senate, on a bipartisan basis, can come together to find common ground. Let me repeat them as we move to the end of our half hour. The Senator from Florida and I have talked about an alternative approach on judges, which works in the State of Florida and in the State of Oregon. I have talked about the health care issue, the issue that I feel the most passionate about, going back to my days when I worked with the elderly, and the wonderful help I have gotten from Orrin Hatch, trying to focus on getting the country ready for this huge set of population changes that is coming. I thought it was very fitting that the Senator from Virginia was here, Mr. Allen, who has worked with me on technology issues.  A fourth area--something that is fresh in the Senate's mind--is that just a few days ago, we got 80 Senators--far more than anyone could have imagined--to support a major natural resources bill dealing with the forest fire issue. This is something of enormous concern in my part of the country and, obviously, all Americans. Our hearts go out to the people in California where they have had this terrible tragedy. Senator Feinstein and Senator Cochran--I always wanted to work with Senator Cochran on an issue as chairman of the Agriculture Committee. I haven't had the opportunity until now. He could not have been more constructive and helpful. I think that is why the Senate got 80 votes for that forest rebuild.  So I think the Senator from Florida is setting the right tone and certainly, in our 20 minutes, on the question of judges, health care, technology, and on the question of forestry, the two of us have shown that there is an alternative to a lot of the smallness, a lot of the harshness that we are seeing dominate this debate.  I thank my colleague for all of this extra time, and I believe the tone he is setting is one that will respond to what I hear the country talking about, and certainly what I hear people of Oregon talking about at our 36 town meetings in every part of the State.  