President and colleagues, this amendment is sponsored by three Democrats, three Republicans, and one Independent. I hope this afternoon that it will have the support of Senators with varying degrees of views about the advisability of nuclear power. I am particularly pleased that the lead cosponsor, Senator Sununu, is with us today.  I will make a few brief remarks to begin the debate and then I am anxious to have plenty of time for colleagues.  The reason three Democrats and three Republicans and one Independent are sponsoring this amendment is that I think many of us in the Senate are neither pronuclear nor antinuclear but we are definitely protaxpayer. That is why we are on the floor this afternoon, because the loan guarantees that are in this legislation to construct nuclear power facilities are unprecedented and represent, in my view, particularly onerous and troublesome risks to the taxpayers of this country.  Frankly, people in my part of the country know a bit about this. It is not an abstraction for the people of the Pacific Northwest where we had the WPPSS debacle and 4 out of 5 facilities were never built. It was the biggest municipal bond failure in history, and it has certainly colored my thinking with respect to why we are on the floor today.  The loan guarantees--we did some research into this--are unprecedented with respect even to nuclear power. As far as I can tell, in the early days of nuclear power, there were subsidies for nuclear power but never before were the taxpayers on the hook from the get-go. That is what the Senate is confronted with now.  When it comes to the question of risk, I hope the Senate will focus on what the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has said on this topic. I will quote. It is at page 9 of the Congressional Budget Office analysis that we have made available to Senators. The Congressional Budget Office considered:       The risks of default on such loan guarantees to be very      high, well above 50 percent.  Colleagues, first, when we are talking about risk--because nothing in life is foolproof and there are no guarantees of anything--I hope in looking at these guarantees you will first focus on the fact that the Congressional Budget Office has specifically said in their analysis that the risk of default on theguarantees is very high. If those plants default, the exposure to taxpayers is enormous.  I will quote from the Congressional Research Service report they did with respect to these subsidies. They said:       . . . the potential cost to the federal government of the      nuclear power plant subsidies that would be provided by [this      title] would be in the range of $14-$16 billion in 2002      dollars.  I think it is worth noting that the Senate spent a great deal of time on the child tax credit last week. There we were focusing on something involving $3 billion. If one or two of these plants go down, taxpayers are on the hook for a sum greater than that child tax credit.  Now, in the course of today's discussion, we will hear a number of arguments against the Wyden-Sununu amendment. One of the first will be: There are tax credits for a variety of energy sources in this legislation, for wind and solar and a variety of energy alternatives. That is correct. But those tax incentives are fundamentally different than the loan guarantees because in those instances the producer faces substantial risk.  With respect to, say, a wind facility, if the producer takes the initial risk and later on produces some wind power, they would get a credit in order to defray some of their costs. With respect to the loan guarantees for nuclear power, the producer faces no such risk. The producer has the Government, in effect, guaranteeing, right at the outset, much of the risk.  So with respect to these nuclear loan guarantees, unlike the incentives for wind or solar, what we are talking about is that the Government will socialize the losses but will let private investors pick up the gains. The losses will be socialized; the gains will be privatized. And that is unique in this legislation.  I also say to my colleagues in the Senate, the White House has never asked for these loan guarantees. These loan guarantees are not in the House bill. Senators' phones are not ringing off the hook from the Secretary of Energy or others clamoring that this must be done. This is something that, in my view, is far out of the mainstream in terms of energy policy, not because I am antinuclear--and I don't intend to talk about safety issues--but because it is such a large exposure to taxpayers.  For example, a number of reports have come out already with respect to how nuclear power stands up with respect to other costs such as natural gas or coal. One of the reasons, in my view, the Congressional Budget Office believes there is such a high risk of default is that the objective analyses show that nuclear has not been competitive with other sources such as coal.  I hope Senators will look at those two reports: a report done by the Congressional Budget Office documenting a high likelihood of default, and a report done by the Congressional Research Service talking about exposure to taxpayers.  I would finally say to the Senate, it did not have to be this way. I know the distinguished chairman of the Energy Committee feels very strongly about this subject. He is a longtime family friend. I was very willing, and I think other Senators were as well, to have had a modest program. We had been talking, for example, about one experimental initiative to look at advanced technologies of one sort or another. I think that would have been acceptable. But here we are talking about guarantees for up to seven plants.  I will make reference to the legislation. The bill authorizes DOE to provide loan guarantees for up to 50 percent of the construction costs of new nuclear plants and, on top of that, would authorize the Department of Energy to enter into long-term contracts for the purchase of power from those plants. The Secretary could provide loan guarantees for up to seven plants.  That is not a modest experiment that would have been acceptable to this Member of the Senate, but it is a very significant exposure to the taxpayers of this country at a time when every Senator is concerned about deficits.  Mr. President, I intend to allow time for my colleagues. I see Senator Sununu is on the floor. Senator Reid has strong views on this.  I also express my appreciation to the distinguished ranking minority member of the Energy Committee. He has worked very closely with me. He embodies the philosophy of a lot of our colleagues in that he has been supportive of nuclear power in the past but believes these subsidies are too rich.  I am hopeful that today Senators with varying degrees of views on the nuclear power issue will agree with the Congressional Budget Office, will agree with the Congressional Research Service on these issues with respect to the taxpayers, and support the Wyden-Sununu amendment.  Mr. President, I yield at this time so other colleagues who have time constraints may speak. I will have the opportunity to speak later in the debate.  