Last week I made public a report from the General Accounting Office involving Taxil, which is the biggest selling cancer drug in history. This drug was developed largely by the taxpayers, with everything for support from the Pacific yew tree, which grows in my home State of Oregon, all the way to the work done at the National Cancer Institutes by Federal researchers, and has produced $9 billion in sales for Bristol-Myers with the Federal Government getting a return of about $35 million, about one half of 1 percent on the biggest selling cancer drug in history.  In this report, the General Accounting Office documents that the Federal Government basically dropped the ball. Without going to price controls and regulations and things of this nature, with some modest steps, the Federal Government could have stood up for the taxpayers and the patients who cannot afford the medicine and gotten the drug to market quickly and also taken steps to make it affordable and to protect the taxpayers. It is my desire, as somebody who has worked on these issues often with the Senator from New Hampshire for many years, to work out a bipartisan agreement where the National Institutes of Health would simply consider affordability when it enters into these agreements. It would not have to do anything prescriptive but would also have to look at affordability. I do not want in any way to hold up the work of the Senator. I think what he and the Senator from New York have done is very helpful, but I would have to object now if we could not get an agreement to at least at some point in this take a very modest step and ask that the question of affordability be considered when the National Institutes of Health enters these agreements, given the fact that basically patients on this particular drug, which has been the biggest selling cancer drug in history, cannot afford it and taxpayers got very little in return.  Would that be acceptable to the Senator from New Hampshire? If I did not object at this point, would the Senator from New Hampshire work with me so at some point later in this discussion we could get a bipartisan agreement on a very modest step that affordability be considered in these agreements? Is that acceptable to the Senator from New Hampshire?  