President, if I could just respond, Senator Sununu and I will be in the Chamber talking in a bit more detail. I always appreciate the graciousness of the chairman of the committee in working with me. I think we are going to get an agreement.There are probably a lot more Senators who will want to speak on this than first estimated.  So the Senate knows, originally Senator Sununu and I were prepared to offer an amendment to strike the $16 billion for nuclear subsidies. The amendment is supported strongly by the Taxpayers Union, but at the request of the chairman of the committee, that vote will be put over until next week.  I am very hopeful that we will be able to get a consent agreement before long to have this debate. This is a significant exposure for taxpayers. It is not a question of whether someone is pro-nuclear or anti-nuclear. The Congressional Budget Office has said that there is at least a 50-percent risk of failure with respect to these facilities. The Congressional Research Service has indicated the taxpayers will be on the hook for in the vicinity of $16 billion.  What I worry about is what happened in our part of the country. Four out of five facilities were never built. In this case, if the Congressional Budget Office is right and you have over a 50-percent risk of failure at these facilities, this will be a huge exposure for taxpayers.  I tell Senators there is no other source of energy in this legislation which gets a direct subsidy for building a facility.  I am going to try to find a way to reach a procedural accommodation with the chairman of the committee. I am a personal friend, and I want to accommodate him. I hope we will be able do that.  This is a very significant taxpayer issue for the Senate. It is not a question of whether someone is pro-nuclear or anti-nuclear. In my own inimitable way, I have managed to make both sides mad over my career in public service. But it is a taxpayer issue of enormous importance.  I hope Senators will read what the Congressional Budget Office and the Congressional Research Service have had to say about this. The Congressional Budget Office reports that there is more than a 50-percent risk of failure with respect to these facilities, if subsidized. The Congressional Research Service has talked about a $16 billion subsidy.  I would point out that this is even too rich for the blood of the other body. The other body has not talked about anything like this.  We will work with the chairman of the committee. Senator Sununu and I will be coming to the floor before long as well so that we can begin to lay out the bipartisan support we have with Senator Bingaman, the ranking minority member, Senator Ensign, and others.  I would just tell the chairman of the committee that I think there are probably more Senators who want to discuss this than we thought. We already have some indication that 90 minutes equally divided with an up-or-down vote may not be enough. It is my intention to work with the chairman of the committee, the ranking minority member, and others to try to work out this unanimous consent so we can have that done expeditiously.  I point out that this Senator and the Senator from New Hampshire were asked to come today to have our amendment brought up. We felt pretty good about it. We know there is going to be an awful lot of back and forth with Senators between now and the time we vote Tuesday.  I ask that Senators look at the Congressional Budget Office report and the Congressional Research Service report over the next few days as the discussions go on and off the floor.  I look forward to working this out in terms of procedure with the chairman of the committee probably over the next hour or so.  I yield the floor.  