President, we rise today to discuss the call of a bipartisan coalition for some badly needed sunshine in the process of awarding Iraqi reconstruction contracts. I particularly commend several of my colleagues for joining me in the bipartisan legislation, the Sunshine in Iraqi Reconstruction Contracting Act introduced April 10.  First, Senator Clinton and I are especially grateful to the chair of the Governmental Affairs Committee, Senator Collins of Maine. Not only is she an excellent chair of the committee that will take up this legislation, she is also an expert on procurement law, a real authority on the very issue we have addressed in our legislation. We are very proud to have her as our lead bipartisan coalition builder on this legislation because her leadership qualities on the committee and special proficiency on this topic give me great confidence this bill is the right move for America, the right move for the Senate, particularly the right move for our taxpayers, and we are very grateful for Senator Collins' support and participation in this effort.  Our legislation has a simple aim. It says if a Federal agency awards an Iraqi reconstruction contract without the benefit of open and competitive bidding, that agency must publicly justify their decision to do so. I will tell the Senate and my colleagues the events and news reports of the 21 days since our bill's introduction have only strengthened our bipartisan conviction that Iraqi reconstruction contracts must be awarded in the sunshine and not behind a smokescreen.  There are two primary reasons we believe it is so important American taxpayers deserve additional details about this closed and secretive process. First, there is a huge amount of money on the line, a projected $100 billion in taxpayer funds. Second, the General Accounting Office has already reported sole-source or limited-source contracts almost always are not the best buy for the taxpayer.  In my view, the need for explanation increases a hundredfold if Federal agencies are going to employ a process that may expose taxpayers to additional cost. When we introduced this legislation, we were concerned that the U.S. Agency on International Development had already awarded four of eight major Iraqi contracts through a closed bid or no-bid process. Even at that time, sole-source and limited-source contracts already seemed to be the rule and not the exception for rebuilding Iraq. USAID announced it would limit competition to companies they felt had the technical ability and accounting ability to handle these matters.  But since our legislation was introduced, not only have a number of Federal agencies continued to award no-bid or closed-bid contracts, but once the bids have been solicited, they even started to ignore or circumvent their own publicly stated criteria for limiting the pool of applicants. More than ever, our bipartisan coalition believes if the Federal Government chooses not to use free market competition to get the most reasonable price from the most qualified contractor, then at a minimum they should tell the American people why that is necessary. Sunshine is the best disinfectant and the news reports of recent days simply beg for a clearing of the air.  On April 11, the day after we introduced our bill, one firm secured a $2 million Iraq school contract through an invitation-only process. On April 18, USAID awarded the biggest contract yet through an invitation-only bid process. A $680 million contract to rebuild Iraq's infrastructure was awarded to Bechtel. On April 19, a $50 million policing contract was awarded through a closed bidding process. On the same day, the Washington Post reported that a renewable $7.9 billion contract for personnel services in Iraqi reconstruction was awarded February 25, nearly a month before the war began, with a single company invited to bid for the job. According to the press reports, that invitation came a full 55 days before the start of the hostilities.  As each of the contracts was awarded, Federal agencies justified the no-bid or closed-bid process only by saying that they simply had to move quickly. That is basically one of the only arguments the agencies have left. Originally, USAID said the only companies with security clearances could be invited to apply. But that argument fell apart just a couple of days ago. USAID's own inspector general revealed that USAID waived the security clearance requirement when one bid was awarded. It turned out that the winner of a $4 million ports contract, in fact, did not have the security clearance that was supposedly essential when the limited bid process started. In effect, USAID eliminated the very criteria it used to limit bidders on the project. USAID suddenly said the outbreak of war in Iraq simply made the security clearance process unnecessary.  The only reason the United States would be awarding contracting to rebuild Iraq would be if the United States went to war. So if the requirement for security clearance was needed before the war broke out, it is hard to see what would have changed once the war started. As a Member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I thought the argument was a bit shaky at the outset. I was not certain why you would need all of the security clearances to fix the sewer system. Weeks ago, it was clear that most of the Iraqi work would be subcontracted out to companies who did not meet the security requirements in the first place. But the report from the inspector general this week has significantly increased my concern. It turned the agency's argument about security clearances from suspect to essentially ludicrous.  This incident makes the case better than any other that agencies should have to clearly and publicly state how they are choosing companies for these invitation-only bids. Perhaps if they know they have to face the public on these issues they will have better explanations or a more open process.  We want to be clear, in the presence of actual security concerns, our legislation assures the protection of classified information. But at the same time, it does give the Congress oversight over the billions in taxpayer money that Americans are being asked to commit in Iraq and that is desperately needed. Historically, open and competitive bidding by Federal agencies has been the tool to get the best value for the taxpayers of our Nation.  Again, independent reports from the General Accounting Office show that in the past, the soul-source or limited-source contracts have not been before the buy. According to the General Accounting Office, military leaders haveoften simply accepted the level of services given by a contractor without ever asking if it could be done more efficiently or at a lower cost. In the case of Iraq, again, with estimates being low-balled at $25 billion and some exceeding $100 billion, taxpayers in our country have a great interest in making sure this money is spent efficiently.  I also note in wrapping up that many of these contracts are so-called cost-plus contracts. They pay a company's expenses, plus a guaranteed profit of 1 to 8 percent. There are no limits on total costs, so the more a firm charges in expenses, the more profit it is going to make. If the Federal Government is going to spend the money of the people of Oregon in this fashion without asking for competitive bids, I think the people of Oregon and the people of this country deserve to know why. There simply should not be a place for waste when you are talking about at least $100 billion of taxpayers' cash.  I understand the argument that these contracts need to be awarded quickly. I understand in many cases the companies receiving them have a long history of international work. I simply believe if the need for speed can adequately justify these closed-bid processes that may expose the taxpayers to additional expenditures, then those agencies need to make public why they would take these extraordinary measures that could very well waste significant amounts of taxpayer money.  I want to yield my time to Senator Clinton. I thank her. She is on the Senate Armed Services Committee. She and I and Senator Collins have been a bipartisan coalition.  I would also like to note a number of other Senators--Senator Byrd in particular, who serves on the Appropriations Committee and the Armed Services Committee--have been very helpful as well. But I yield to Senator Clinton and particularly express my support to her. With Senator Collins, we have tried to make the focus that there is a bipartisan need for protecting taxpayers, to make sure this money is spent wisely at a time when there is so much economic hurt across the Nation.  I yield to the distinguished Senator from New York.  