President, the reason that article is so important is because it indicates Kellogg Brown & Root essentially wrote the specs for the U.S. Government with respect to an oil field restoration effort. What that article shows is that the process basically allowed an incumbent contractor to identify the criteria for a multibillion dollar contract and virtually ensured that company would be awarded the contract without competition. If the news reports are correct, the potential for sole-source, custom-crafted contracts is basically guaranteed now by the Kellogg-Brown agreement. Senator Clinton and I have asked the Defense Department to provide within 30 days answers to some of the serious questions that involve contracting processes that seem to be used as of today.  The Department of Defense recently announced, for example, that they had some concerns about the original agreement. That is fine, but we want to know whether there are other contracts that are being let in this fashion. We want to know whether the Department of Defense intends to continue the practice where it has not been discovered by the news media.  The reason we are so concerned is if individual contractors are customarily setting the criteria for the work they plan to pursue, there are conflict-of-interest issues that ought to be resolved by our Government today. When you consider the Kellogg Brown & Root contracts are so-called cost-plus contracts, this arrangement becomes even less acceptable. Cost-plus contracts let the companies spend what they think is necessary, and then on top of it they tack on a percentage fee to make a profit. The more taxpayer dollars the company spends, the more profit they are able to bring home. A number of Iraqi reconstruction contracts, not just Kellogg-Brown's, have been designed in this way.  My view is, if the Federal Government is going to spend my constituents' money in this way, my constituents deserve an explanation.  I was at a town meeting in a small Oregon community on the Oregon coast this last weekend, where they could not afford money to have their port dredged. It may take upwards of $100 billion under some of these plans to rebuild Iraq. When our country can't afford the money to make sure our small ports get help quickly, there is no place for waste in these reconstruction matters.  Finally, to just highlight the immediacy of this concern, questions have been raised as to how MCI, a company that does no wireless service in the U.S. and never has, could end up winning the contract from the Defense Department to set up a wireless telecommunications network in Iraq.  That is the kind of question we want to see answered. That is why we are sending these letters today, calling for immediate public disclosure of these contracts so we can see whether the American people are getting their money's worth. We come to the Senate floor today because these are new concerns that have come to light. Chairman Warner, Senator Collins, and others have worked with us in a very constructive way with bipartisan legislation that I hope will be passed quickly. But I don't think we ought to allow the outsourcing of accountability over billions of dollars of contracts for Iraq to continue one day longer. That is why I come to the floor today to announce this effort, to try to bring some sunshine to Iraqi contracting. I have always felt sunshine is the best disinfectant. It sure looks like we need some of that right now.  I yield the floor.  