I think he has made a number of important points about judges. The fact is, there is an alternative path. I think about how I have had a chance to work with my colleague in the Oregon delegation, Senator Smith. We have gotten judge after judge confirmed because we have felt, while some consider it quaint, that you ought to try to work in a bipartisan way. We have not applied an ideological litmus test. I think what the Senator from Florida is saying is that is the kind of approach we ought to be pursuing, to try to find common ground to get the Senate together.  As I begin my comments this morning, I will say that I think a lot of Americans look at what is going on now on the floor of the Senate and say that it is sort of like the great wall of China, an almost impenetrable barrier surrounding a forbidden community where their voices just go unheard.  I know what I hear from my constituents--I have open community meetings in all of Oregon's counties--is awfully different than essentially what the Senate has been doing through the night.  For example, what I hear about is how medical costs are just gobbling up everything in sight. I hear, for example, about how the crushing small businesses, scores of them dying to cover their people, have been unable to do it. I hear about providers, physicians, and others leaving the system because of inadequate reimbursement. I hear about so many who are not poor enough for Medicaid, they are not old enough for Medicare, and they fall between the cracks. Again, there is an alternative approach to all of the partisanship.  The senior Senator from Utah, Orrin Hatch, has worked with me for a number of years now on the Health Care for All Americans Act. It is absolutely critical that the Senate get moving on this issue because we all understand that there is a demographic tsunami coming. Millions of baby boomers are about to retire in a few years. All of the problems we are seeing today are going to be multiplied three or fourfold.  Yet the Senate isn't tackling that kind of issue because, in effect, things have ground to a halt over exactly the kind of polarization the Senator from Florida has talked about.  I would hope that as we wrap this up, we understand that nothing important is going to get accomplished in the Senate unless there is an effort to work in a bipartisan kind of fashion.  