I want to tick off yet another area where we have outlined an opportunity for an alternative path. We have spent our half hour describing a way in Florida and Oregon where you can deal with judges in a bipartisan fashion. We have talked about health care issues. Orrin Hatch and others have helped me, as have other Democrats. I think that has been constructive and a real path to try to deal with what is coming in 2010 and 2011.  Senator Allen was here and we talked about technology and the fact that the Senate got 80 votes a few days ago for forestry legislation--an unprecedented bipartisan vote. Finally, the Senator from Florida puts us on this question of fiscal responsibility, another avenue for cooperation between the parties.  I think about the outstanding work done by the Senator from Maine, Ms. Collins, who chairs the committee overseeing the operations of Government. She and I have been very concerned about the lack of openness in competition in the contracting process for these reconstruction contracts. It looks, given the events of this week, as though you are going to get more information out of Baghdad than you are going to get out of Government agencies in Washington, DC. There wasn't a shred of partisanship with respect to how we tackle this issue. So I think what we wanted to do in our half hour of time--the Senator from Florida and I--is not just talk about everything that has gone wrong, but to outline on specific issues an alternative path--a path that shows that we are listening; that the notion that somehow Washington, DC, is like a great wall of China, an unpenetrable community for the American people doesn't have to be that way. Whether it is judges, health care, technology, forestry, or the fiscal morass that the Senator from Florida has talked about, we want people who are listening this morning to know that we do think there is another way for the Senate to do its business.  I say to my friend from Florida, we came to Congress essentially together in the other body and then here. I have really enjoyed this and particularly the tone that I think he set out when we began--that the Senate needs to do better, and if you want to get anything important done--which is why we are sent here--it has to be bipartisan. I thank my colleague.  