President, a Congress that can find hundreds of billions of dollars in money for tax cuts and the money to rebuild a foreign country must find a way to make Medicare work better for the Nation's vulnerable senior citizens. That is what the next two weeks are all about, and they are historic weeks for the Senate.  Updating Medicare is an issue I have felt very strongly about for several decades because my public service career began in the early 1970s, when I served as codirector of the Oregon Gray Panthers and ran the Oregon Legal Services Program for the elderly. Back then, the old saw was that Medicare was just half a loaf. Of course, from its beginning, Medicare did not cover eyeglasses, hearing aids, dental care, and a host of services that are so important to vulnerable older people. But of particular concern, even then, was the fact that medicine, in so many instances, was both unaffordable and inaccessible. Now the Senate has an opportunity to do something about that in providing a real measure of relief for the Nation's older people. I believe over the next couple of weeks what the country is going to ask is not what a particular philosophical approach of a Senator was, but whether that Senator was part of an effort to find the common ground in finally getting real results for the Nation's older people.  Senator Olympia Snowe and I offered the first bipartisan amendment to the budget resolution to fund a Medicare prescription drug program back in 1999. We followed that action up by introducing the first bipartisan proposal called SPICE, the Senior Prescription Insurance Coverage Equity Act. I am very proud to be able to stand on the floor today and say that because of the dedication of members of the Finance Committee, the leadership of both sides, many of the provisions Senator Snowe and I have been advocating for a number of years have been included in the legislation the Senate will vote on over the next couple of weeks.  We were concerned then that traditional Medicare not be skimpy, that it be a good benefit package, and that it would be affordable for older people. Suffice it to say, under the legislation the Senate will be considering, traditional Medicare will survive. The millions of seniors who want to take that program will be able to do so. Traditional Medicare will not wither. It will not vanish as a result of being underfunded or having provisions that would make it less attractive for seniors to choose.  A number of important consumer protection provisions are included in this legislation, something I think is absolutely critical if you are going to allow private plans to play a bigger role in delivering this benefit.  I have had a great interest in this area since the distinguished minority leader, Senator Daschle, and I wrote a Medigap law a number of years ago which eliminated a lot of the unscrupulous practices that were taking place in the insurance market designed to supplement Medicare. Now there are standardized benefit packages for these Medigap supplements, and a lot of the abusive activity that used to go on, that used to exploit older people, has been eliminated.  Many of the consumer protections in this legislation have been borrowed from the Medicare Choice Program,really building on what Senator Daschle and I wrote into the Medigap law years ago, and are a significant step in the right direction.  I think there are also important steps included in this legislation to make medicine more affordable to the Nation's older people. It seems to me by giving seniors more choices, you make it possible for seniors to have the opportunity to get medicine that is more affordable because for a private plan to attract a senior subscriber, that private plan is going to have deliver medicine in an affordable way. So there will be a concrete incentive to actually hold down the cost of medicine because those private plans will not be in a position to make money, they will not be in a position to be profitable if they cannot attract seniors by keeping down the cost of medicine.  So it is important that this legislation be enacted. I have always felt Government really comes down to people, and it comes down to those who tell us exactly what their experience has been with health care and various other areas of Government.  What has really colored my judgment on this issue are the accounts I have heard from seniors, many of them going back to my days with the Gray Panthers. Not long ago a woman from my hometown of Portland, with $806 in monthly income, had prescription drug bills totaling $150 a month, and she got no help from Medicare whatsoever. My staff and I inquired about how she was able to get by, and her answer was just heartbreaking. She said: I just do without, and I pray.  I do not think that is good enough. As I said earlier, I think a country and a Congress that can find hundreds of billions of dollars for tax cuts and a hundred billion dollars or so to rebuild a foreign country can do better by seniors on Medicare. So this legislation provides an opportunity to do that.  I think there are a number of important issues for the Senate to zero in on as we begin this debate, the first of which is the cost. A number of Senators have said this legislation is costly and it will be difficult to finance in the years ahead. What I would say, Mr. President and colleagues, is this country cannot afford not to cover this vital service for older people.  Not very long ago a physician in Hillsboro, OR, wrote me and said he put a senior citizen in the hospital for something like six weeks because that person could not afford their medicine on an outpatient basis. That is pretty bizarre by anybody's standards. If a senior is hospitalized, they get their medicine covered under part A of the Medicare program. But, of course, if the senior faces a serious health problem and is not hospitalized, they have to resort to outpatient services, and Medicare part B historically has not picked up the bill for drugs.  So what we saw in Hillsboro, OR, not long ago is that it costs thousands and thousands of dollars for a senior to be hospitalized in order to get the Medicare benefit. It would have cost a small fraction of that if the drugs were covered on an outpatient basis.  When seniors and others wonder about the cost of this benefit, and for Senators who are asking if the Nation can afford prescription drug relief for older people, my message is, America cannot afford not to do this. America cannot afford inaction and having older people hospitalized, facing serious health problems simply because they are not able to get medicine in a cost-effective kind of way.  Second, as we look at this issue, we ought to understand that older people are getting hit by a double whammy when they try to afford their medicine. First, Medicare does not cover their purchases. But secondly, the older people of this Nation are subsidizing those who do have bargaining power, the health plans and big buyers who are using bargaining power to knock the price down. What we have been trying to do, going back to the days when Senator Snowe and I introduced the SPICE legislation, is give seniors some bargaining power, a chance to be on a level playing field with the big buyers, with the HMOs, with those who have bargaining clout. This legislation puts seniors on a more level playing field so that they are able to better afford their medicine and that is a step in the right direction.  There are going to be a number of issues that will come up in the course of the debate. One that my State feels very strongly about is the fact that Medicare's payment system penalizes those who have been efficient. Historically, States such as Oregon that have been innovative in the health care area have taken concrete steps to hold costs down. You would think the Federal Government would reward them. You would think the Federal Government would give them a break for stressing cost containment. The reality has been just the opposite. The Medicare Program has penalized States for holding costs down.  This legislation doesn't do as much as I would like it to do to remove the penalties against those who have been efficient, and I am hopeful that as we consider the legislation more can be done in that area.  It does take significant steps to address the question of rural health care, something that has been particularly important to me. Senator Smith and I have included it in our bipartisan agenda for the State of Oregon. All who represent States like ours know that States that are largely rural find it extremely hard for seniors to get the care they need. Very often they don't have hospitals or doctors in close proximity and clearly need extra help in order to ensure that our rural communities survive. The fact is, without rural health care, you cannot have rural life. I am not prepared to sit by and let rural communities become sacrifice zones. That is why the provisions in this legislation to provide better reimbursement for rural health care are heartening.  The provisions in the legislation for rural health take strong steps forward. It would adjust hospital payments to account for the higher costs associated with low-volume hospitals. It makes changes to what is known as the ``swing bed concept'' which will help critical-access hospitals, and it creates a floor for geographic payments for physicians and offers improvements for rural health clinic reimbursement.  More needs to be done to assure that provider reimbursement is adequate. Better reimbursements obviously keep more qualified doctors and other providers in the Medicare system. That, of course, provides more choice and better care for the Nation's older people.  I have been involved in a number of efforts with respect to trying to help seniors with their prescription drugs over the years. I have been involved in measures to expand access for generic drug coverage. I have been involved in efforts to give more bargaining power to public programs, particularly the Medicaid Program, and the program for the Veterans Administration. I have believed, even most recently with the drug Taxol, which is the largest and biggest selling cancer drug in history, that the Government has to do a better job of striking a balance between the need to get drugs to market quickly and be sensitive to making sure that medicine is affordable and that the interests of taxpayers are protected.  But all of those steps together, which have been of some help in terms of making medicine more affordable for older people, do not rival what the Congress is facing now in terms of modernizing the Medicare Program and providing concrete relief to the millions of the country's elderly who are watching now and urging the Congress, after years of partisan action, to actually produce results and address their drug costs.  The fact is, Medicare reform isn't easy. No Senator walks away with everything he or she wants. But there is a chance now to make sure seniors don't walk away empty handed. It is not going to be inexpensive. There will be some who want to spend more. Certainly, I have believed the key issue for all these years has been to try to find the common ground, to act on a bipartisan basis--Senators Baucus and Grassley have done that--and we must not let this legislation go by the wayside once more.  For my part, I will do anything over the next couple weeks to build the bridges that are necessary to make health care more accessible and more affordable for the Nation's older people. This is the issue I care the most about, the question of making health care more affordable and more accessible. We have the most talented, dedicated, and caring health care providers on Earth. They deserve a Congress thatdoes a better job of setting in place the governmental policies that allow them to deliver the best and most affordable health care that is possible. This has been my goal since I came to the Congress. This is the issue that has been most important to me throughout my years in public service.  More than 25 years ago, when I was codirector of the Oregon Grey Panthers, we were talking then about what it would take to modernize the program, to turn that program that began as just half a loaf into a program that would deliver the best possible services to the Nation's older people. You cannot do that without covering prescription drugs for vulnerable elderly. This is an opportunity, if not to do everything that needs to be done, to take substantial steps in the right direction.  I urge my colleagues over the next couple of weeks to work together on a bipartisan basis to finally accomplish the reforms that are necessary.  I yield the floor.  