 First, I express my appreciation to the distinguished chairman of the committee. I think he knows I agree with so much of what he just previously said.  I want to emphasize, on this side of the aisle we believe there are 60 votes to move forward on this legislation. We want to work constructively to get this done. The minority leader, Senator Daschle, has emphasized again and again how important it is to move forward with this legislation. We do want to address the concerns of the Members. We know a lot of Senators feel strongly about this issue. But it is absolutely imperative--absolutely imperative--Madam President and colleagues, that this bill get out of the Senate this year. That is my goal. I am going to put every ounce of my energy and strength into it.  The reason I think the Senate ought to move forward with this legislation is the bipartisan compromise that has been discussed by the chairman of the committee steers, in my view, a narrow path through 20 million acres of highly vulnerable forest land that lies close to highly vulnerable communities and their drinking water sources.  I have already outlined this morning the five or six major ways in which this compromise differs from what has been considered in the House of Representatives.  For example, under this legislation that has been crafted in a bipartisan way by a group of nine Senators, we have authorized an increase of 80 percent in funding for thinning projects. There has been tremendous concern all across the country that without adequate funding for thinning projects, the only people who would have the resources to do the work would be the large commercial logging companies. In our discussions among Senators, we said: There is a better way to proceed.  That is why we came up with a funding proposal that sends a responsible message all across the country that this is not some sort of giveaway to big timber companies; this is something that represents responsible forestry. On provision after provision with respect to this compromise, we see those kinds of efforts to ensure that we strike a responsible balance.  We have to make sure we protect our rural communities. The House legislation doesn't do that. The Senate compromise directs 50 percent of the funding to be spent inside the wildland and urban interface; the House bill is silent with respect to those funds. Again, we see an effort on the part of Senator Cochran, chairman of the committee, and the nine Senators who worked together on this legislation, to strike a reasonable compromise.  The old-growth provisions are the first statutory protection ever for these trees that the American people feel so strongly about. There is a concrete incentive to get the old-growth protection in place. Under something for which I commend the chairman that is genuinely creative, we stipulate that the old forest plans actually have to be revised to protect the old growth in order for the thinning work to be done. So we have something which strikes a genuine balance, and it is done in a creative way.  I said earlier that forestry issues are about as contentious as Middle Eastern politics. It is very difficult to find the common ground. We have done that in this area. This compromise ensures that the public will be involved in every single aspect of the debate with respect to forestry. That is something on which Senator Feinstein and I insisted. We have worked on this legislation for many months with Senator Domenici, chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee. I hope we will move quickly and do it in a fashion that addresses the concerns of all Senators.  There have been a number who have come to Chairman Cochran and me with ideas and suggestions. We want to hear from them. But we want this bill passed this year by the Senate. Senator Daschle has communicated that again and again and has been extremely constructive. Nobody is interested in an obstructionist kind of approach. This has to get done.  I yield the floor.  