President, the Senator from Washington has made a number of extremely important points, points with which I certainly agree. Having served as chair of the forestry subcommittee and now ranking minority member, I can tell my colleagues the Senator from Washington is absolutely right with respect to her concern about adequate funding. For example, the bill from the other body provided no funding for the thinning projects. This legislation increases funding 80 percent. So her point with respect to making sure there is funding is dead on correct, and I think not only that point but other points she has made are correct.  In spite of that, I do have to oppose the amendment tonight, and I want to take a couple of moments to say why.  First, let me stress how important public participation was to me and to the other Senators who are involved in putting together this bipartisan compromise. If there is one thing, just one, that I want to stand for in my career in public service, it is the right of citizens to participate. That is why I have open community meetings in all my counties. It is why I have sidewalk office hours. It is why, as so many Senators, I try to make myself available as widely and extensively as I can.  So I come tonight to say with respect to this key issue, this key question of public participation, not one current opportunity for public involvement would be lost under this compromise. I say that again. Not one current opportunity for public comment would be lost under this proposal.  There are three alternatives that people would be part of examining and, in fact, the public would have a right to come forward and offer their own. Itseems to me that that gives us a chance to keep the greatness of the National Environmental Policy Act, a statute more than 30 years old, while at the same time allowing us to deal with some of the concerns such as the unnecessary redtape and paperwork.  This proposal in the legislation we are considering cuts the alternatives from five, to nine, essentially to three. I am of the view that, while it is appropriate to have a host of these alternatives under the National Environmental Policy Act, when, say, the Federal Government is building a road, which is a broad purpose concern, I think when you are talking about this area and projects that are narrowly drawn, limited in where they can occur and how, it is appropriate to try to boil down the NEPA alternatives to the three that we have offered in this legislation.  Mr. President, the Senator from Washington makes the argument that, in effect, the Senate will be starting down a slippery slope. I would just say to the Senator from Washington, I am convinced that because there are good people in the Senate, such as the Senator from Washington, that will not be the case. If someone comes forward and tries, for example, to unravel the National Environmental Policy Act, or even apply what we are doing in this area to every area, there will be opposition from a whole host of Senators, including this one. Nobody is talking about doing this in a host of other areas. We are talking about saying in this one area where we have been told by, for example, the Governors, it is not just a question of spending more money, it is a question of how you spend the money, I think this compromise strikes a reasonable balance.  I urge my colleagues to support this compromise. The compromise is dramatically different than the approach the other body takes with respect to the National Environmental Policy Act. The other body basically kicks the public out by predetermining the National Environmental Policy Act alternatives. What is offered in the compromise preserves all opportunities for public input and appeal, while making sure that we deal with the paperwork and some of the unnecessary redtape.  I urge my colleagues to support what is in the compromise because not one current opportunity for public comment would be lost, and all of us want to make sure that on an issue that citizens care so strongly about their right to be heard is preserved. This compromise does that.  I yield the floor.  