President. The hour is late. I am going to be very brief.  I am opposed to this amendment. This is not an unlimited bill. It has a 20-million-acre cap. Suffice it to say, we are going to have a lot of oversight in both the Agriculture Committee and the Energy and Natural Resources Committee.  But I also thank the Senator from Iowa with respect to how he has handled this legislation. He has been exceptionally kind and helpful to me. He has had differences of opinion with me on this issue. I thank him for all of his cooperation.  Suffice it to say, Mr. President and colleagues, the West has been watching the last few days, and in a particularly contentious area, the Senate has been able to find an awful lot of common ground. Even on some of the amendments that we have had--the question of the urban interface funding initiative, whether it should be 50 percent or 70 percent--these are areas where reasonable people can differ. It is awfully easy to polarize on this issue, to drive people into rival camps, and to a great extent the Senate has avoided this.  So what is important tonight as we deal with this last substantive amendment--and then we have a couple of procedural matters, colloquies, and that sort of thing to finish--is that we recognize how important it is to get this bipartisan compromise to the President's desk.  The bill that the Senate will pass tonight is the one that I believe ought to become law, and it is absolutely critical that it be the one to get to the President so it can become law.  So I hope Senators will continue to work together on a bipartisan basis and make sure the Senate compromise does not unravel.  In addition to the Senator from Iowa, who has been so helpful throughout this process so we could expedite it, Senator Cochran from Mississippi, since the days that we spent those long hours in his office, Senator Craig, Senator Domenici, Senator Crapo, and others, a lot of people thought we would never get to this night.  One person who did was the senior Senator from California who I have been so honored to have had on my subcommittee over the years. We wouldn't be on the floor tonight without the senior Senator from California who consistently, when we bumped up against an issue where we couldn't bring people together, it was the Senator from California who broke the gridlock. I want the Senate to know how much this body should appreciate the contribution of Senator Feinstein. This Senator does in particular.  I yield the floor.  