Mr. President, the Senator from New Hampshire has said it very well. I will offer just a couple of additional remarks. It is clear there is going to be an effort, as this is discussed in the Senate, to simply make this an ``Are you for nuclear power or are you against nuclear power?'' issue. I think that would be very unfortunate.  I said earlier when we began to discuss this, I have inimitable abilities that over the years have managed to make both sides of the nuclear power debate unhappy with me. In a sense, I hope we can do as Senator Sununu has done, which is to keep the focus on the taxpayer question. I urge Senators, in particular, as they make up their minds on this issue to look at two important reports. The Congressional Budget Office report and the report done by the Congressional Research Service are particularly illuminating in that the Congressional Budget Office report talks about how, in their judgment, there is a more than 50-percent probability that these plants will not be successful, that they will fail. And the Congressional Research Service, in their analysis, indicates if that is the case, taxpayers would be on the hook for in the vicinity of $16 billion.  In my part of the world, this is not exactly an abstract issue. In fact, with the WPPSS debacle, which was the largest municipal bond failure in the country's history, four out of the five facilities were not, in fact, even built, and the people in my region and many investors, of course, were on the hook.  If the scenario of the Congressional Budget Office were to come to pass, all of our constituents--all of them--would, in effect, be exposed to these very significant costs.  That is why Senator Sununu and I are going to try our best, between now and the Tuesday vote, to make sure that for us this is first and foremost a taxpayers' issue.  To try to drive that point home, we had a discussion about how this affects other aspects of energy development. If this provision stays in the bill, in other words the amendment that the Senator from New Hampshire and I are offering is unsuccessful, nuclear energy would be the only part of this field that would get a direct subsidy for constructing a facility.  For example, the distinguished chairman of the committee, who has been very gracious to the two of us in terms of working on process and all of the issues towards getting this offered, talked at some length about wind and talked about subsidies for wind. Well, in fact, when wind is produced, there are various credits and incentives, which I guess are very appropriate, but there is no subsidy for constructing any other facility under this legislation other than in the nuclear area.  In fact, right now there is nothing preventing any utility from going forward with a nuclear project simply by going to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and getting a license to build the plant.  Let me repeat that. Anybody who wants to build a nuclear powerplant in this country simply has to go to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and get the license. They can do that if they satisfy the safety standards.  The issue, as propounded by Senator Sununu and myself, is whether or not there should be these very large subsidies; whether or not the taxpayer should be exposed, in the vicinity of $16 billion, with respect to building these plants.  I do not think this is an issue about whether one is for or against nuclear power, and that is why the National Taxpayers Union and a host of other organizations that have been watchdogs for taxpayers have made this a priority item. In their letter to me, they took the position that they are neither for nor against nuclear power. They say that explicitly in the letter. What they and a number of other taxpayer watchdogs are concerned about is the $16 billion exposure for taxpayers that is contained in this provision.  So I am very pleased that before long we will be able to enter into a consent agreement for an up-or-down vote on Tuesday on the Wyden-Sununu legislation. I think the chairman of the Energy Committee will be leading us in that discussion with respect to a UC before too long.  The Senator from New Hampshire is still in the Chamber, and I thank him for all of his involvement in this. He has a long record of being a taxpayer watchdog, and that was, in fact, the special reason why I thought it was so important for the two of us to try to do this together.  I am sure between now and Tuesday, as this is discussed, to some extent some will try to make this into a referendum on whether one is for or against nuclear power. I will be doing my best to try to make sure that it is a taxpayers' issue. That is central and critical to me, and I look forward to the discussion that we will have on Tuesday. We should have a UC ready to go before long. I thank Chairman Domenici for his willingness to work out the procedure on it, and I am particularly grateful to my cosponsor, Senator Sununu.  I yield the floor.  