Heaven forbid that logic break out sometimes in this area that is often called the ``logic-free zone''--this area surrounding the Capitol. It just seems that in so many of these areas, the institution just takes leave of its senses because both of us have described a bipartisan way to deal with the issue of judges--an approach that works in Florida and has worked for Senator Smith and I in Oregon. I do not think the Senate has the time or luxury for a lot of this pettiness.  I mentioned the health care issue with Senator Hatch that I have felt strongly about since my days as codirector of the Oregon Gray Panthers. This demographic revolution is coming on us, and the prescription drug issue we are tackling now is vitally important. But if there is one thing the Senate has learned, health care is like an ecosystem. What you do in one area affects all other areas. Senator Hatch and I have pulled together an approach that has now gotten the support of the Chamber of Commerce and the AFL-CIO to get back on track for what, regrettably, was not finished back in the early 1990s. In the health care area, you see an alternative path.  I see my good friend from Virginia here, Senator Allen. He and I are working on at least five major technology issues right now on the question of Internet access, and we are working in a bipartisan way with the States and localities to ensure that the Internet medium is allowed to grow and prosper. We have come together on nanotechnology, and we are working together.  I want to give some additional time to the Senator from Florida because I know his schedule is short. If you look at the big issues of our day, including the health care question, where I have outlined what Senator Hatch and I are talking about on so many issues that are social and ethical; and the technology question, where it just seems fitting that the Senator from Virginia is here, Senator Allen, my friend and partner on so many of these technology issues, the Senate has a choice either to listen to our constituents and take the bipartisan approach that will lead to real solutions or continue what is seen by most Americans as just small food-fight-like exercises.  I want to give additional time to my friend from Florida because of his schedule. I appreciate, particularly, his outlining, as we have tried to do in Oregon--Senator Smith and I working together--the kind of bipartisan approach that the Senator from Florida has described in his State for choosing judges.  