 President, I listened with great interest to my friend and colleague, Senator Kerry from Massachusetts, decry the effort of the Budget Committee to get rid of the Presidential checkoff. Let me say, my good friend could not be more wrong.  In looking back at the Watergate scandal, it is interesting to note that the Select Committee on Watergate in the mid-1970's in recommendation No. 7, said the committee recommends against the adoption of any form of taxpayer funding of elections--against any form of it. The Congress proceeded to establish the Presidential fund in spite of that.  During the last 20 years, Mr. President, such eminent persons as Lyndon LaRouche has gotten a $12 million in taxpayers funds to run for President of the United States. He even got, interestingly enough, $200,000 from the taxpayers to run for President while he was in jail. My assumption is he would not even be able to vote for himself as a resident of the jail.  In addition, that outstanding American, Lenora Fulani, has gotten $3.5 million from the taxpayers of America to run for President.  Now, Mr. President, the taxpayers of America have an opportunity every April 15 to vote on how they feel about using taxpayers' money for the Presidential election. As a matter of fact, it could be argued it is the most complete survey ever taken in America on any subject.  Every April 15, voters get to decide whether they want to check off--it used to be $1, and now $3--of taxes they already owe--it does not add to their tax bill--to divert that away from whatever else may be funded by the Federal Government into this fund.  Now the checkoff participation has dropped down last year to 14.5 percent, and is still falling. Two years ago, the majority, for fear that the taxpayers would totally revolt and there would be no money in the fund at all, raised the checkoff from $1 to $3. Now the net effect of that is that fewer and fewer people could divert more and more money. Eighty-five percent of the American people choose not to check off, even though it does not add to their tax bills, $3 to go into this fund.  Everyone, in effect, ends up paying for the checkoff because the money is diverted away from other topics.  If there is any system that has been thoroughly discredited, Mr. President, it is this one. It has not stopped spending. It has not stopped soft money, and it has eaten up about $1 billion of the tax money of the people of the United States over the last 20 years.  If we cannot kill this program, Mr. President, then what program can we kill? Now, at the appropriate time I will be offering a second-degree amendment to the Kerry amendment. I would like to briefly describe what that is about.  Among the things, Mr. President, that taxpayers funding has been used for during these years was to settle a sexual harassment case. My amendment would prevent, assuming the Presidential fund survives--which I hope it will not, but assuming it survives--my second-degree amendment to the Kerry amendment would be a sense of the Senate that the Presidential election campaign fund, if it survives, could not pay for or augment damage awards or settlements arising from a civil or criminal action, or the threat thereof, related to sexual harassment.  Now, I will be offering that second-degree amendment to make a point, Mr. President, as to how taxpayers' money has been used: $37,500 was used to settle a sexual harassment case against a top aide of the current President in his campaign back in 1992. The taxpayers paid for the settlement.  At the appropriate time, I will be offering a second-degree amendment which I hope will be approved. I hope that the underlying amendment will be disapproved. This is a program that ought to end up on the ash heap of history.  In addition to that, Mr. President, I will offer an amendment with regard to the Appalachian Regional Commission, a Commission that is extremely important to my own State of Kentucky, and will be cosponsored by Senator Warner, Senator Cochran, Senator Rockefeller, and Senator Heflin.  Essentially, Mr. President, even though the Appalachian Regional Commission would be taken down in its funding over a period of 7 years, very, very significantly, this amendment would prevent the ARC from being totally phased out, and it would pay for it largely by diverting funds from the Office of Surface Mining and from other regulatory activities.  So, essentially what this amendment is about is to take money away from regulators and give it to those involved in economic development. It is simply a question of priorities. Do we want to give the money to the Office of Surface Mining and others engaged in regulating in this and other fields? Or do we want the money to go directly into economic development activities in parts of our country that are economically deprived? This ARC covers such States as West Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Mississippi and Alabama, and it has been useful in providing roads and other economic development tools for the most poverty stricken parts of that part of America.  I am somebody who is going to support the final budget resolution. I am in favor of ending a lot of programs and intend to so vote. But I believe here in this particular amendment we will simply be choosing between whether we want to fund more and more Government regulators on the one hand or economic development in poverty-stricken areas on the other.  So I hope the McConnell amendment on ARC, supported by Senators Warner, Cochran, Rockefeller, and Heflin, will be approved when it is offered at the end of the time.  Mr. President, I have actually done an astonishing thing. I believe I have finished before Senator Domenici had to ring the bell. So I will yield any remaining time.  