 Like many of my colleagues, I share the desire to see that countries are not allowed to block delivery of U.S. humanitarian assistance. Senator Dole has led a bipartisan coalition of Senators in promoting this ideal through the cosponsorship of this amendment. I applaud his efforts and am glad to be a cosponsor of this amendment.  This particular measure enjoys widespread support in both the House and the Senate. Earlier this year, the House International Relations Committee approved the bill by a vote of 27 to 7. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee followed suit and voted in favor of the bill by a vote of 14 to 4. And most recently the House voted to include the provision in its foreign operations appropriations bill which passed the House overwhelmingly.  Countries which choose to blockade the delivery of U.S. humanitarian assistance exponentially increase the cost of that assistance. Currently, we find ourselves facing a situation where we are forced to stretch every dollar in the foreign assistance account. Allowing a nation to needlessly increase the cost of our assistance, thereby further limiting the amount of aid we are able to provide, is just simply unacceptable. We have a responsibility to the American taxpayer to ensure that their hard-earned money is sufficiently utilized.  If the United States is going to remain actively engaged in world affairs, as I believe it should, it must be allowed to provide assistance which is needed. This amendment makes good budget sense and is an important moral statement.  Clearly, we cannot afford to leave this issue unaddressed. I think Senator Dole's proposal offers a reasonable and intelligent solution to this problem. I deeply appreciate his efforts and leadership on the issue.  In addition, I would like to thank him for including an emergency waiver provision in the proposal. While we want to ensure countries do not block our efforts to deliver assistance, it is important that we provide the President the ability to waive this provision in the event of humanitarian or security emergencies.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  