 President, just a couple weeks ago on this floor, we had an extensive debate on the issue of regulatory reform. A lot of amendments were offered, a lot of work was done, and a great many speeches were delivered--but in the end, nothing was delivered to the American people.  It became clear that the only regulatory reform that would be allowed to pass would be something so watered down that it was hardly worth passing at all. And the leadership wisely decided to pull the bill down.  Because of that, however, Americans today remain vulnerable to overzealous, overreaching Federal regulators. Consumers, businesses, and volunteer organizations are the easy prey of aggressive bureaucrats--who take the laws that we pass and twist them into absurd, extreme restrictions that impact the lives of everyday Americans.  The amendment I am offering today addresses one such instance of overreaching regulation. It is, if you will, a minor skirmish in the regulatory reform war. But in the balance are consumers' pocketbooks, as well as a huge number of jobs--in my State, and in many others as well.  Specifically, my amendment would put a 1-year moratorium on so-called energy efficiency regulations that the Department of Energy is preparing to issue under its Codes and Standards Program.  Now, let me make it very clear that my amendment is not hostile to the laudable goal of energy efficiency. Nor is it intended to shut down the regulatory process under DOE's Codes and Standards Program. No one disputes the fact the energy efficiency is important; or that DOE has played a key role in encouraging companies and products to be more energy efficient.  Nevertheless, as has happened all too often in the regulatory arena, DOE is on the brink of adopting new rules that would have tremendously adverse consequences on consumers and workers alike.  My amendment does not repeal the proposed regulations. Nor does it affect the enforcement of any existing energy efficiency regulations. What it does is impose a 1-year moratorium on the DOE ability to propose, issue or prescribe any new regulations under the Codes and Standards Program, so that both their impact and their relative benefit can be better assessed.  I want to be quite clear on this point.  My amendment would not affect energy efficiency labeling of products. Consumers could continue to make well-informed choices about the relative energy consumption of various household appliances.  Further, DOE could continue to test products and measure their energy efficiency. All my amendment does is call a timeout in the middle of a regulatory process that is about to become horrendously burdensome for thousands of workers and millions of consumers.  If we do not pass this amendment, and the proposed DOE regulations are adopted, consumers will see their range of choices sharply limited--almost to the point of a legalized monopoly--and workers could see their plants shut down, almost overnight.  I should point out that the bill before us recognizes the seriousness of this problem by including a moratorium on enforcement of these regulations--but just for one product alone: fluorescent lamp ballasts. I agree that these regulations pose a serious threat to fluorescent lamp ballasts, but the problem is clearly much broader than that.  The new standards proposed by DOE would affect refrigerators, air-conditioning units, water heaters, pool heaters, and mobile home furnaces. Other products, like freezers, washing machines, clothes dryers, dishwashers, and electric motors, could also be hit hard by DOE regulations that are now under consideration.  Companies that make these basic household appliances are facing enormous costs because of the new standards. Manufacturing processes and product designs will have to be drastically altered. In some cases, entire product lines will simply be abandoned, and the employees who make them will be dumped out on the streets.  Moreover, consumers who rely on these kinds of basic household appliances will face a drastic reduction in choice, along with steep increases in price, as manufacturers scramble to meet the new standards coming out of Washington.  This is an all-too-common tale of regulation gone wild: overzealous bureaucrats, proposing pie-in-the-sky restrictions, which inflict heavy costs on American families who struggle to make ends meet.  Once again, the Federal regulatory apparatus is poised to disrupt a broad range of industries, and pass the costs on to middle-class consumers.  My amendment would give Congress the breathing room it needs to study the regulations, analyze their impact, and suggest alternatives that meet the goal of energy efficiency without threatening jobs or ratcheting up the price tag for basic household appliances.  I am pleased that the chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, Senator Murkowski, has endorsed in a letter the approach taken by my amendment. In my view, the Energy Committee is best equipped to review the matter and recommend changes that are needed. I ask unanimous consent that Senator Murkowski's letter on this subject be made part of the record.  I would also like to point out that the House, by a vote of 261 to 165, approved language that is virtually identical to what I am proposing now.  But ultimately, what matters to me is not what the House did or anything else: it is what the DOE regulations will do to thousands of employees in my home State, many of whom will lose their jobs at some point because of some bureaucratic decision made in Washington.  For example, the General Electric plant in Louisville is the largest single-site employer in my State.  I'm proud to say that the hard-working employees at the G.E. plant turn out some of the highest quality home appliances in the world. In fact, it's likely that just about everyone in this body--and most everyone watching C-SPAN today--has at one point or another owned a high quality home appliance that was made at G.E. in Louisville.  What do these pending Federal regulations mean to the workers at the G.E. plant?  The new energy efficiency standards--just for refrigerators--will cost the company $187 million, and that's only in the short term.  Possible new standards for clothes washers could force G.E. to shut down a brandnew $100 million facility, and hand out pink slips to up to 2,000 employees who work there.  Here we're trying to encourage investment and job creation--and these regulations could force a Kentucky plant to close down a state-of-the-art manufacturing operation and let go of thousands of employees.  All because some bureaucrats in Washington are designing their perfect world for the rest of the country to follow.  Similar effects will be felt by other players in the home appliance industry, across the country. Ask the workers in your State who manufacture home appliances. They will tell you that these regulations are economic poison in their industry.  In fact, there's only one manufacturer who supports these regulations; and not surprisingly, that one manufacturer is uniquely positioned to benefit from the regulations that this amendment seeks to delay.  It so happens that this one manufacturer already holds a 50-percent share in the clothes washer market.  But apparently, that is not enough. So what this one company hopes to do is use the Federal regulatory system to drive its competitors out of business.  It conveniently turns out that this company is the only one that makes a certain kind of clothes washer which some Federal bureaucrat likes. All other companies will have to radically change the way they make clothes washers, just to stay in the game.  Mr. President, Federal regulators should not be in the business of picking winners and losers in the clothes washer industry.  Buyers of clothes washers should not have their purchasing decisions made for them by Washington bureaucrats.  And Congress should not be sanctioning a proposed regulatory structure that in effect creates a legalized monopoly. Don't take my word for it; listen to the Assistant Attorney General for Antitrust Enforcement, Anne Bingaman. She wrote a letter to DOE concerning the anticompetitive effect these regulations would be likely to have on the marketplace.  In her letter, dated September 16, 1994, Ms. Bingaman said:       For television sets, fluorescent lamp ballasts, and      professional style or high end kitchen ranges, it is the      Department's judgment based on the available evidence that      significant anticompetitive effects are likely to occur.  In other words, these regulations are bad news for consumers--for American families.  The letter from Assistant Attorney General Anne Bingaman goes on to warn DOE of the negative impact this rulemaking would have on market competition, as well as on individual product lines.  Remarkably, DOE did nothing in response to this devastating assessment of its proposal. In fact, it was not until the House flatly suspended DOE's regulatory authority in this area that the agency finally acted.  Nevertheless, DOE's response was simply to terminate its rulemaking on television sets--an obviously weak half measure. None of the other pending regulations criticized by the Assistant Attorney General were suspended.  Mr. President, many appliance manufacturers are facing the second or third round of reregulation by DOE.  Each of these new sets of regulations imposes additional costs, which are directly paid by hard-working American families.  Sometimes, when the regulatory burden is too great, the company just abandons the product line altogether, and employees are sent home to look for other jobs.  This is no way to regulate. We need a timeout with regard to these pending regulations, to give Congress the time to take a good, hard look at how DOE has been regulating this segment of our economy.  As I said earlier, I have a letter from Senator Murkowski, chairman of the Energy Committee, requesting that his committee be given the opportunity to evaluate the proposed standards.  Let's give the committee that opportunity, and try to restore some sanity to the regulatory process--at least in this one instance.  In closing, I want to remind everyone that no ground whatsoever would be lost by adopting my amendment. It does not invalidate any current energy efficiency regulations; it does not turn the clock back; it only looks toward the future.  The energy efficiency regulatory process has gotten off track, and it is time to get it back on the rails--before jobs are lost, competition is restricted, and basic consumer products are banned.  I want to thank all of my colleagues who have cosponsored this amendment: Senators Ford, Harkin, Grassley, Murkowski, Lott, Hutchison, and Gramm.  And I hope we can come together and at least put a 1-year moratorium on regulations that have gone in a terribly wrong direction.  