 President, the language in the bill takes the standards for improvements in the United States relationship with North Korea and applies them to the North-South relationship. In other words, the language codifies what I believe is our policy of parallel progress between North and South and the United States relationship with the North.  There is real concern that each time the North Koreans want something new in the way of equipment, economic assistance, or a concession, they threaten to lift the freeze.  We then inch closer in our bilateral relationship. My concern has been that this has been at the expense of the long-standing United States alliance with the South. Ultimately, I think the North is determined to drive a wedge between the South and the United States. And, their strategy seems to be working. We have responded to threats by canceling joint military exercises, offering unconditional economic aid in the form of oil, while insisting on no clear steps in the North-South dialog.  Let us keep in mind that in spite of the freeze, there is no date certain by which North Korea will come into full compliance with their treaty obligations. Indeed, I believe we have set a dangerous precedent in rewarding violations of the NPT with free reactors and economic aid.  And, the North's response? When the South recently sent a relief shipment of rice, the North captured the boat and held the crew members hostage.  I think it will have an adverse impact on stability on the peninsula if we trade away our current commitments to South Korea to secure the North's future compliance with their obligations under the NPT and IAEA safeguards agreement.  Talks are again underway again on the next phase of implementing the Framework Agreement. It will not surprise anyone to learn that, once again, the North is linking a continuation of the freeze to being granted millions more in assistance.  This time, apparently they are interested in the equipment needed to build an energy distribution grid.  Like every Member of this body, I think a freeze on North Korea's nuclear program is important--but we need to lock in that freeze--to freeze it, if you will.  At this point, it has been reduced to a negotiating chip which the North keeps recycling. Every time they want something new, the North threatens to lift the freeze.  In the last round of talks, the North was adamant that no mention be made of South Korean participation in the provision of the light water reactor covered under the Framework Agreement.  To accommodate this demand, we negotiated an arrangement where the North agreed to allow KEDO to announce the contracting decision. KEDO, in turn, announced that a reactor originally based on a United States design but modified by the South would be the reactor provided.  I gather the ambiguity of this arrangement was unsatisfactory to the South but a private letter from President Clinton to President Kim Yong Sam was sufficiently reassuring that the South Korean administration agreed to go along.  Unfortunately, side letters do not bear the same official weight as obligations spelled out in agreements. Once again, the North seems to have achieved their goal of access to energy and easing economic pressure while minimizing contact with the South.  I think it is essential to clarify just what we expect in the North-South dialog. Ambiguity will ultimately invite challenge and confrontation.  The North's opposition to a clearly defined role for the South is the threat to stability. The danger does not lie in imposing obligations that are parallel and consistent with our own--the danger lies in abandoning our current security commitments to South Korea in an attempt to obtain future compliance with IAEA and NPT requirements.  Mr. President, the principal objection the administration had to the restrictions I included in the Foreign Operations bill was the timetable I established for progress in the North-South dialog. I would like my colleagues to know that the timetable I included was exactly the same as the schedule the United States was expected to comply with in fulfilling obligations to normalize economic and political relations.  However, given the difficulty of the problem I can appreciate the administration not feeling able to move as rapidly as I would like, so I have modified the language to accommodate those concerns. The amendment I am offering on behalf of Senators Byrd, Nunn, Hatfield, Stevens, Inouye, Leahy, and myself balances our interest in clarifying our goals on the North-South dialog while giving the administration sufficient time and a measure of flexibility to advance those interests.  