 President, in closing this debate, I wish to particularly thank Senator Smith and Senator Craig, who have served with me on the Ethics Committee on our side of the aisle for these 2\1/2\ long years. I wish to say that they have approached this issue in every single instance with character, with integrity, with conviction and a sincere desire to produce the best possible result for the Senate and for the accused Senator.  To my colleagues on the other side of the aisle on the committee, until very recently, I think we had, indeed, succeeded in developing a bipartisan approach to this, and I regret deeply that this case has spilled over into the full Senate before it was over.  And that is what is before us today. Thirty-one years ago, Senator John Sherman Cooper, of Kentucky, some of the old-timers around here may remember, in the wake of the Bobby Baker case, felt that there ought to be a better way to handle misconduct charges against a sitting Senator. He felt we had to remove, if at all possible, these kinds of cases from the floor of the Senate where everything is partisan. And so he suggested we have a bipartisan Ethics Committee with not too many members, just six, three on each side of the aisle.  This approach, coupled with the requirement that there be four votes to do anything affirmatively, guaranteed--guaranteed--that the results of any case would have a bipartisan stamp. It has been said that the committee was deadlocked when it voted 3-3. It was not deadlocked. That was the decision. Because under the rules of the Ethics Committee, a 3-3 vote is not an affirmative act to proceed. So the decision on the issue of public hearings in the Packwood case has been made pursuant to the rules of the committee. So the Senator from California today would have us change the rules in the middle of the game--change the rules in the middle of the game.  I would say, Mr. President, not only is it a bad idea generally speaking to change the rules in the middle of the game, it is a bad rules change anyway. And beyond it being a bad rules change, what is happening here on the floor of the Senate today is exactly what Senator Cooper feared would happen if we did not create the Ethics Committee. And that is, have every one of these cases debated here in the most partisan forum imaginable, with the majority making the decision.  One of the astonishing things about this proceeding today is I think it can be totally persuasively argued that the principal beneficiary of the bipartisan Ethics Committee is whichever party happens to be in the minority in the Senate at a given time, and yet this proposal emanates from the minority side to bring a matter out of a bipartisan forum into a partisan forum for decision.  We will rue the day we go down this path. Just imagine campaign season. We are out here on the floor of the Senate introducing resolutions to condemn Senator so-and-so because the latest poll shows he is in trouble and our side may be able to pick up a seat. The temptation would be overwhelming. And so that is what this vote is about.  The reason for an Ethics Committee was that these cases would be investigated through the investigative phase without interference from the Senate. And it has never been interfered with in 31 years. At the end of the process the committee would take an affirmative action which would require at least four members, which would guarantee some bipartisan stamp. If the case was serious enough, bring it to the floor of the Senate, and at that point every Senator would have his or her opportunity to say whatever they felt appropriate about the work of the bipartisan committee. Criticize it, condemn it, applaud it, amend it, filibuster it, whatever. There is an opportunity, Mr. President, for any Senator to have his or her fair say about this when we get through.  So what we are experiencing today is the great fear that Senator Cooper had 31 years ago if we did not have an Ethics Committee. And yet here we are having this debate, slowing down the disposition of the case.  As I said earlier, candidly, it has all had an impact on the members of the committee. It has pulled us in opposite directions. It has tried to make us more political. And one of the things we are going to have to do, if the Boxer resolution is hopefully not approved, on the committee is to get ourselves back together again. Friendships have been strained. And we have got to get ourselves back together so we can finish this case.  Nobody's taken a bigger beating in the last 2\1/2\ weeks than I have. I am getting to wonder who the accused is in this case.  But I am proud to be chairman of the Ethics Committee because I believe in this process. I think it serves this institution well and I think it serves the public well. There is not going to be any coverup in this case. No coverup. Let us finish our work. We will release everything relevant to the decision. And if you do not like the penalty that we recommend, recommend another one. But do not start down this path. It is the beginning of the end of the ethics process, which has served this body well for 31 years.  So, Mr. President, I sincerely want to thank as well the Senators not on the committee on this side who came over and pitched in. Frankly, I thought I might be the only speaker. I did not have to ask anybody to come over. Senator Simpson was here. Senator Brown was here. Senator Kassebaum was here. Senator Grassley was here. And Senator Hutchison was here. And none of them on the committee. And this is the kind of thing your staff will whisper in your ear, ``Boy, you don't want to get near this one. Vote and leave.'' And yet they came over and spoke in opposition to this resolution, expressed their opinion that the resolution was a bad idea and that the Ethics Committee ought to be able to finish its work.  Mr. President, it is my understanding that the Democratic leader would like to use some leader time to speak. I do not see him on the floor at the moment. So how much time do I have remaining?  