 President, the opponents of this medical malpractice amendment have wildly attacked it. But, this amendment is very reasonable and moderate reform. In fact, if you compare it to some of the proposals from last year's health care debate, you will see many familiar provisions.  For example, the original Clinton Health Security Act contained a cap on attorney contingent fees, collateral source reform, periodic payment of damages, and mandatory alternative dispute resolution. The medical malpractice provisions reported from the Finance Committee contained joint and several liability reform, a cap on noneconomic damages, and mandatory alternative dispute resolution with modified loser-pays for those who go onto court and do not improve upon the ADR decision. By omitting the cap on pain and suffering, this amendment does not go as far as the Finance Committee's proposals which were reported out of the committee, on a bipartisan basis.  During last year's health care debate, some argued for the Canadian single-payer system. Canada's single-payer system also includes some very strict rules on malpractice cases. While Canada's doctors do not pay malpractice insurance premiums, they pay a membership fee to the Canadian Medical Protective Association. In the United States, doctors and hospitals buy malpractice insurance, costing tens of thousands of dollars annually. And, according to the Medical Liability Monitor, more than half of all doctors have experienced 9- to 15-percent increases in their malpractice premiums in each of 1993 and 1994.  In Canada, noneconomic damages are capped at $240,000. The McConnell-Lieberman-Kassebaum amendment does not cap noneconomic damages, although Senator Kyl has an amendment pending to add a cap of $500,000.  In Canada, contingency fees are illegal in some parts of the country and uncommon in the rest of the country. [[Page S5934]] Our amendment sets a limit on attorney contingent fees, to ensure that most of the award goes to the injured party.  In Canada, a plaintiff who loses, risks having to pay the defendant's legal fees. This amendment contains no loser-pays provision.  So, Mr. President, in comparing this amendment to last year's efforts on medical malpractice, as well as to Canada's law, we have very moderate reform proposed here.  And, those who support product liability reform should support medical malpractice reform. Enacting the underlying bill on its own will, in my judgment, make the legal system more complex. What will happen in a case where the injured party alleges malpractice over certain drug treatment? It product liability reform is enacted, the drug company will fall under the new law, but there will have to be a separate lawsuit regarding the conduct of the doctor or hospital. Such a result would be ridiculous.  The opponents assert that we are somehow trying to shield negligent doctors and hospitals. Nothing could be further from the truth. No one loses the right to sue under this amendment. An injured party will be fully compensated for his or her injuries. Negligent doctors and hospitals will be held accountable for the injuries they cause.  In addition, this amendment takes important steps in the direction of assuring quality care for all patients.  While protecting the rights of the injured to get compensation for their injuries, this amendment also gives the American people relief from the tort tax. We know the litigation tax adds thousands of dollars annually to the household budgets of all American families. It adds extra costs to the delivery of a baby, as well as to the cost of a heart pacemaker.  Relief from the tort tax and an end to the lawsuit gamble are the goals of our effort. We know that most of the money spent in the litigation system does not go to the injured victims; they get only 43 cents of every dollar spent in the liability system. The legal system is akin to the casinos of Las Vegas and Atlantic City. Sometimes you win big, but most times the house--that is the system, made up of lawyers and related court costs, is the biggest winner.  The only opponents we have in this legal reform fight are the trial lawyers. They have the biggest stake in maintaining the status quo. The injured people they represent will be treated better under this amendment. They will get more compensation for their injuries. So, if you are for the victims, you should vote for this amendment. I urge my colleagues to adopt the McConnell-Lieberman-Kassebaum amendment.  I yield the floor.  