 President, what the Senate is faced with amounts to a shotgun wedding. The Congress and American troops find themselves confronting an unfortunate mistake, but one which we are now obliged to make the best of. Our decision--each Senator's choice--is whether we respond to the situation with a sense of honor and accountability or whether we abandon our principles and responsibility.  I am not happy with our choice. I don't think any one of us welcomes the prospect of sending American soldiers into Bosnia. I share the Majority Leader's view that we would not have been presented with this decision if the administration had worked as methodically to lift the embargo on Bosnia as it did to advance the deal in Dayton. But, at this stage it matters less how we got here--it is of far graver consequence how we proceed.  Why should we look forward and not back?  Because we do not have the option or choice to change the course of events. The agreement has been signed, now we must decide what kind of mission we will carry out and how we will assure it succeeds.  We are now presented with two unambiguous facts--the first being that the Dayton agreement would not have been reached without aggressive, rational U.S. leadership. This is not, after all the Tashkent Treaty. Leaders from many other nations have tried repeatedly to negotiate a settlement, but it was largely American diplomatic efforts which produced results.  And, just as the U.S. role meant the difference between a settlement and continued blood shed, so too, the immediate parties to the agreement and our allies in Europe believe we have a unique authority and capability to guarantee the accord's successful implementation.  But, the second fact is more important and that is that the President of the United States has made the commitment to deploy 20,000 Americans in support of a NATO Implementation Force to secure the accord. Whether we like it or not, those troops are going, indeed some are on the ground. To deny our support for Operation Joint Endeavor, flatly repudiates our long standing NATO security obligations and undermines our troops committed to the effort.  The credibility of American leadership and American treaty commitments are the interests which are very much at stake if we now fail to fulfill the President's decision. Just after the President's Oval Office address, Henry Kissinger observed, ``if we do not honor the President's words, the threat to our security would be greater because nobody would believe we are capable of conducting serious foreign policy.''   President Bush, who so capably led this country beyond deep anxieties about committing our Nation to war in the Persian Gulf echoed that sentiment. He pointed out, ``If it is seen that the President does not have the support of the Congress--our standing as leader of the free world and the standing of NATO would be dramatically diminished. That must not happen.''  Now, we must make certain that our troops have the means to succeed. We must guarantee they are assured every conceivable operational advantage and the unqualified support of both the public and Congress.  Mr. President, I do not believe this Nation is by nature indifferent to international concerns--there is no inherent isolationist point of view. But the public is clearly troubled by this decision--they now seem at best divided and at worst deeply opposed to the President's decision.  I attribute the confusion to 3 years of flip flops, reversals, and irrational foreign policy inconsistent with our national interests. The public has little reason to believe that this time the administration will stay on track with a limited mission that protects our Nation's interests and our soldiers lives.  That is why I think it is incumbent on Congress to assure absolute accountability regarding the scope of the mission, the costs and the strategy for withdrawing our forces. We have a clear and compelling responsibility to the troops we are deploying to guarantee they are well equipped and are carrying out limited, achievable goals.  Unfortunately, there are already contradictions and uncertainties emerging which will only plague the administration's desire to strengthen public support. Last week, Secretary Perry testified before the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee that our financial burden would be limited to support for our troops. Within a matter of days, the Defense Department submitted a letter notifying Congress of the possibility of transferring $300 million in defense articles and services to nations participating in I-For. Apparently, DOD anticipates reimbursement for this support, but those of us who monitor the United Nations have serious reservations about the reliability of these promissory notes.  The administration cannot afford to allow any ambiguity to creep into the public debate about the scope of our responsibilities. One of the reasons I support the resolution drafted by the leader is the requirement that the administration provide a full accounting of the mission, rules of engagement, command arrangements, goals, compliance with the agreements and all costs to all agencies involved in this endeavor. The leader's resolution is the best protection our troops have that their government will not fail them as they carry out their duties with skill and honor.  But, the real key to success and the heart of my support for the Leadership resolution is the requirement that the United States lead an immediate effort to provide equipment, arms, training and related logistics to enable Bosnia to provide for its own defense.  Mr. President, I do not think it is wise to establish an arbitrary date for the exit of American troops. That only guarantees a cooling off period before fighting resumes. We have seen the destructive consequences of just such an approach in Somalia. Knowing our departure was imminent, the warlords bided their time. Somalia today is indistinguishable from the chaos and anarchy which preceded our arrival.  That must not happen in the Balkans.  Our mission can only be deemed a success if we contribute to a durable solution, securing a lasting regional stability and peace. Stability and peace demand a military balance between the Serbs and the Bosnian-Croat Federation.  I realize that there are members with major misgivings about the possible consequences of lifting the embargo and arming and training the Bosnians. They want to allow the so called arms build down process to have time to take affect. Unfortunately, there are far too many unanswered questions about the arms reduction program to risk Bosnia's freedom and long term prospects for stability.  At this point it is entirely unclear who will assume the responsibility for enforcing arms control. As the Dayton agreement is constructed, the immediate reach of the disarmament regime is limited to the NATO patrolled cease-fire zones of separation. This makes obvious sense for the security of our soldiers, but offers no iron clad guarantees for the reduction of massive Serb stockpiles within the boundaries of Bosnia-Herzegovina.  Let me add one final historical observation on arming the Bosnians. I think a majority of members in this chamber would share the view that it was not SALT or START agreements which brought about the demise of the Soviet Union. Arms control initiatives may reduce risks, but any level headed assessment of the Cold War reaches the conclusion that it was the credibility of our military power which guaranteed our security and global stability. So too, in the Balkans--only a credible military balance will minimize the risk of the war reigniting.  Mr. President, in 1990 the American public was ambivalent about the notion of sending Americans to war in the gulf. We all know just how close the vote was in the Senate.  From a parochial perspective, 20,000 soldiers deployed from Kentucky--if my memory serves me it was the largest contingent from any State. George Bush faced formidable opposition from families in Kentucky, but he was able to overcome their concerns by exercising leadership. In the words of his Secretary of State, ``The U.S. had in George Bush a leader who was consistent, principled, decisive and strong.''  Those have not been the words most of the members of this chamber would use to describe the President's record in foreign policy so far. I think it is worth noting very few Kentuckians have been called up for deployment in Bosnia--a handful compared to the gulf. Yet, there is more pronounced, stronger opposition to the President's decision to deploy U.S. troops to secure peace than there was to Bush's decision to wage war.  President Clinton has made the decision to deploy American troops to end the suffering, stop the war from spreading, and to build a Europe at peace. He has argued that this can only be achieved if the United States continues to lead. I take this pledge seriously.  Congress and American troops now stand at an altar--let us all hope and work to assure that it is not one which involves the unnecessary sacrifice of American lives. But as we proceed, let us share the understanding that there are crucial U.S. interests at stake. The lives of American soldiers and the credibility of American leadership and our security commitments to NATO now hang precariously in the balance. We must speak with one voice and honor the President's pledge.  