 President, when we talk about the American flag, we usually do not think of it as an abstraction. It is not just a design on canvas.  For most of us, the flag means even more than the treasured symbol of our Nation.  Often, we think about a particular American flag we have seen or owned, and the special memories that surround that flag.  Some of us may remember the flag our fathers took out every Fourth of July and displayed from a makeshift flagpole.  Some of us may remember saying the Pledge of Allegiance to the flag in our first grade classroom.  Or we may recall the beautiful sight of an American flag in a foreign country, reminding us of home and safety.  Personally, I think of the American flag that sits on the mantle in my Senate office, folded up into a neat triangle.  There is not a day that goes by without me seeing that flag and thinking about it, if only for a minute or two.  I am very proud of that flag, because it was the flag that draped my father's coffin at his funeral, after he died of cancer in 1990.  For the rest of my life, I will remember seeing that flag and being so proud that my father had earned the right to have an American flag laid upon his casket--the highest military honor--by serving his country courageously in wartime.  My dad was a scout in the U.S. Army, fighting with the Allies in Western Europe during World War II.  D-day had come and gone, and the Germans were aggressively counterattacking, in the desperate hope that the Allies would lose heart and relent, allowing Germany to rearm and retain control over itself. This is what we came to call The Battle of the Bulge.  Being a scout was one of the most dangerous jobs in the Army, because you usually went out alone or in small groups, with minimal firepower.  And the whole purpose of being a scout was to find the enemy--to locate his position and strength, and then report that information back to the unit command.  Since you were virtually defenseless as a scout, you did not want to engage the enemy, but often that was unavoidable given the nature of the task.  In fact, my dad lost two-thirds of his company in one hellish night of fighting; and he himself came home with the Purple Heart.  But at least he came home.  Those were difficult and anxious times, but there was also great clarity of purpose in America's participation in World War II.  And as I look at that folded-up flag in my office, what strikes me over and over again is that my dad voluntarily went to war--risked his life like so many others of his generation--not because he was interested in acquiring a piece of European real estate, but because he believed in the cause of freedom.  Protecting America's freedom--and restoring the freedom of other nations--that is why my dad went to war.  United States Rangers scaled the cliffs of Normandy not to conquer, but to free. General MacArthur returned to the Philippines, not to conquer, but to free.  Even as we speak, American troops are deploying to Bosnia, not to conquer, but to bring freedom from centuries of ethnic violence and bloodshed.  Freedom is and always has been the great cause of America, and we must never forget it.  If we have learned one thing from the astonishing collapse of global communism, it is that freedom eventually wins out over tyranny every time. Ronald Reagan predicted it, and as usual, he was right.  Freedom is the most powerful weapon America has in a watching world. Preserving freedom--even when every impulse we feel goes in the opposite direction--sets an example for other nations to follow when their road to freedom gets rough.  If we allow ourselves to compromise on freedom, what can we expect young democracies like Russia and Ukraine to do, when they are faced with the difficult issues and decisions that freedom brings?  If we want to spread freedom, we need to stand for freedom--without equivocation or compromise.  Just as importantly, freedom is what will preserve our own democracy for the long run. Without freedom, America will cease to be America.  What does our freedom consist of?  Perhaps the most fundamental freedom is the first one enumerated in the Bill of Rights: the freedom of speech. And freedom of speech means nothing unless people are allowed to express views that are offensive and repugnant to others.  The freedom of speech that is protected by the Constitution is not about reaching consensus, it is about conflict and criticism.  Freedom of speech knows no sacred cows.  As all of us here are painfully aware, the high offices we hold provide no insulation from attacks by the media, even those that are completely unfair and inaccurate.  And as much as I do not like it at times, that is the way it ought to be.  As Justice Jackson wrote in the 1943 decision, West Virginia State Board of Education versus Barnette:       If there is any fixed star in our constitutional      constellation, it is that no official, high or petty, can      prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics, nationalism,      religion or other matters.  The reason we have a first amendment is that the Founders of this Nation believed that, despite all the excesses and offenses that freedom of speech would undoubtedly allow, truth and reason would win out in the end.  As one constitutional scholar put it, the answer to offensive speech is not more repression, but more speech.  To put it another way, the best regulator of freedom--as paradoxical as that sounds--is more freedom.  The Supreme Court also has made it clear that the first amendment does not protect just the written or spoken word.  That is because ideas are often communicated most powerfully through symbols and action.  We do it all the time in political campaigns.  For example, as I have cited on this floor many times, the Supreme Court has held that spending on political speech is constitutionally indistinguishable from the speech itself.  And because campaign spending is so closely linked to political speech--the core of the first amendment--the Court has held that mandatory campaign spending limits are per se unconstitutional.  But that is only one example where something that appears to be conduct has a clear expressive purpose that falls within the ambit of the first amendment.   So to categorize something as conduct doesn't fully answer the question of whether it is also speech, and therefore protected by the Constitution.  Of course, when we see hateful people desecrating the American flag, we are instantly repulsed by it.  It strikes at the core of our emotions.  And it is not only because we love the flag and all that it symbolizes to us; it is also because of what is being communicated by such foul behavior.  Those who willfully desecrate our flag are saying that America is a lousy country, that its faults are beyond repair, and that it deserves to be torn down and reviled.  They are also saying--and this is something I take particular offense at--that men like my father--who spilled their blood to save America and liberate others--were involved in an unworthy cause.  Thus, burning the flag is a uniquely offensive way of disparaging their heroism and trivializing their sacrifice.  Ideas like these are not only reprehensible, they are also demonstrably false.  They are lies: lies about America, and lies about those who fought and died for our country.  Nevertheless, as divisive and distorted as these ideas are, as much as they deserve to be condemned, they are still protected by the first amendment.  The most revolutionary facet of our Constitution--what sets it apart from every other document in history--is that it confers its benefits not only on those who love this land, but also on those who hate it.  For years, people in other countries saw it as a weakness that we tolerated so much vitriolic dissent in America.  Now they are realizing it is our strength.  I think of the powerful testimony of Jim Warner, a prisoner of war in North Vietnam from 1967 to 1973, whom I had the privilege of meeting this year.  During his imprisonment, Jim had been tortured, denied adequate food, and subjected to over a year of solitary confinement.  When he was finally released, he looked up and saw an American flag. To use Jim's own words, ``As tears filled my eyes, I saluted it. I never loved my country more than at that moment.''  One can only imagine how much it grieved this patriot when a North Vietnamese interrogator showed him a photograph of some Americans protesting the Vietnam war by burning an American flag.  The interrogator taunted Warner by saying, ``There. People in your country protest against your cause. That proves you are wrong.''  But Jim Warner mustered every bit of strength he had and replied firmly, ``No--that proves I am right. In my country we are not afraid of freedom--even if it means that people disagree with us.''  As Jim tells the story, the North Vietnamese interrogator reeled back, ``His face purple with rage * * *. I was astonished to see pain, confounded by fear, in his eyes.''  Drawing on that incredible experience, Jim Warner wrote the following about the issue before us today:       We don't need to amend the Constitution in order to punish      those who burn our flag. They burn the flag because they hate      America and they are afraid of freedom. What better way to      hurt them than with the subversive idea of freedom? Spread      freedom.       When a flag was burned in Dallas to protest the nomination      of Ronald Reagan . . . he told us how to spread the idea of      freedom, when he said that we should turn America into a      ``city shining on a hill, a light to all nations.''       Do not be afraid of freedom, it is the best weapon we have.  ``Spread freedom--spread freedom.'' If anything is a conservative creed, that is it.  That is why so many die-hard conservatives flatly reject the idea of a constitutional amendment to ban flag burning.  George Will called it a ``piddling-fiddling amendment.'' Cal Thomas said it was ``silly, stupid, and unnecessary.''  The National Review editorialized against it twice, saying it would ``make the flag a symbol of national disunity.''  The College Republicans, in their newspaper the Broadside, argued that a flag burning constitutional amendment would not accomplish much of anything.  And Charles Krauthammer warned that it would ``punch a hole in the Bill of Rights,'' concluding that, ``If this is conservatism, liberalism deserves a comeback.''  And what about the liberals?  Nat Hentoff wrote that a constitutional amendment to ban flag burning would itself be desecration of the flag and the principles for which it stands.  Barbara Ehrenreich wrote a hilarious essay in Time magazine, envisioning all the legal conundrums that a flag desecration amendment would create--especially in an age when flag motifs are used on everything from campaign bumper stickers to underwear.  At some point, flag desecration is in the eye of the beholder.  In all of these writings, from across the ideological spectrum, the theme is the same: to use Jim Warner's deeply-felt words again: ``Spread freedom. Don't be afraid of freedom. It's the best weapon we have.''  Let me conclude with a brief story. The night of September 13, 1814, was one of the darkest in our Nation's history.  The late Isaac Asimov wrote a fascinating account of this night, which was later published by Reader's Digest. I will attempt to summarize it:  Three weeks before that fateful September night, the British had succeeded in taking Washington, DC, and now they were heading up Chesapeake Bay toward Baltimore.  Their strategy was clear: if the British were able to take Baltimore, they could effectively split the country in two.  Then they would be free to wage war against the two divided sections: from the north, by coming down Lake Champlain to New England; and from the south, by taking New Orleans and coming up the Mississippi.  All that lay in the path of the British Navy was Baltimore. But first they had to get past Fort McHenry, where 1,000 American men were waiting.  On one of the British ships was an American named Dr. Beanes who had been taken prisoner earlier. A lawyer by the name of Francis Scott Key had been dispatched to the ship to negotiate his release.  The British captain was open to the idea, but they would have to wait; the bombardment of Fort McHenry was about to begin.  All through the night, Beanes and Key watched Fort McHenry being pummeled by cannon shells and rocket fire.  They were close enough in to hear the shouts and screams of men in mortal combat.  And all night long, they could see the American flag flying defiantly over the fort, illuminated by the bombs and explosions.  But when dawn came, the bombardment ceased and a dread silence fell over the entire battlescape.  Dr. Beanes and Francis Scott Key strained to see any signs of life from the battered ramparts of Fort McHenry.  And what they saw brought them incredible joy: despite the brutal onslaught of the night before, the American flag--torn and barely visible in the smoke and mist--still streamed gallantly over Fort McHenry.  The message was clear: the British were not going to get to Baltimore--and the war had taken a decisive turn in America's favor.  So let us get one thing straight: our flag survived the British naval guns at Fort McHenry.  Our flag weathered the carnage and cannon-fire of a national civil war.  Our flag still flapped angrily from the front deck of the U.S.S. Arizona--even after she had been blown in half and sunk at Pearl Harbor.  And our flag stood tall in the face of machine-gun and mortar fire at Iwo Jima.  Make no mistake: this is one tough flag--and it does not need a constitutional amendment to protect it.  All it needs is hardy men and women who believe in freedom and have the courage to stand up for it, whatever the circumstances.  Then we can say together with confidence the words Francis Scott Key penned after that September night in 1814: ``And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave.''  I yield the floor.  