 President, we have before the Senate this morning the conference report on the foreign operations bill. This measure passed the House yesterday at 351 to 71.  I might just say before what I hope will be just a brief debate, I am not currently aware of any other Senators on this side of the aisle who wish to speak. Senator Leahy should be here momentarily and it is our hope that we could have fairly early on here a rollcall vote on the conference report itself.  There is an amendment in disagreement related to the abortion issue which may take a little more debate and then a vote a little bit later. But it is our hope, and if there are no objections or problems with that, that we might be able to get to a vote on the conference report rather soon.  Let me say, although we had very limited resources, I believe this bill legislates our national priorities--it provides both security and flexibility.  The conferees produced legislation below our allocation, $1.5 billion below last year's levels and nearly $2.7 billion below what President Clinton requested. So clearly we have made a reduction in foreign assistance.  In spite of these reductions, our security interests have been clearly served by earmarking funds for our Camp David partners and extending the Middle East Peace Facilitation Act.  We also advance our national security priorities in the New Independent States by completing a shift in resources from Russia to Ukraine, Armenia, Georgia, and the other States that used to be part of the Soviet Union.  We have also linked aid to Russia to termination of the nuclear deal with Iran. In the interest of maximizing the administration's leverage, I suggested the restriction take effect 3 months after the date of enactment of this bill giving the Vice President the opportunity to negotiate a solution to this problem in his January meetings with Chernomydin.  We have served U.S. interests while affording the administration a great deal of flexibility.  There are three ways we have offered flexibility.  First, we have provided transfer authority between accounts. For example, NIS resources can be used to fund the Warsaw Initiative and Partnership for Peace programs. Second, we have consolidated various development aid accounts into one account with limited conditions; and, third, there are very few earmarks.  I think the House would have preferred to provide a blank check giving the administration the option to make all funding choices, but after 3 years of unfulfilled commitments, the conferees agreed upon the necessity to set funding levels for specific countries, which was, of course, the imprint of the Senate bill.  For my colleagues who are concerned about earmarking resources for specific projects, let me assure them we have avoided such action. We have funded countries and categories of activities such as programs to strengthen democracy, rule of law and independent media, but have not dedicated any resources for any organization or project within these broad accounts.  The conference report largely reflects the priorities identified by the Senate. The conferees agreed to the Senate's provisions on a range of issues from Pakistan to an amendment offered by Senator Helms to ban AID's move to the Federal triangle.  One of the few items where the Senate position did not prevail concerns Mexico City and funding for abortion. We are reporting back an amendment in disagreement which I would like to take a moment to explain.  The House passed language which banned assistance to any organization which fails to certify that they are not performing abortions. In addition, the House banned assistance to the UNFPA unless the President certified programs in China had been terminated.  The Senate stripped out the language at the subcommittee level and substituted language requiring the same standards for determining eligibility for assistance be applied to both governments and to nongovernmental and multilateral organizations. The senate also required no funds be used to lobby on the question of abortion.  Unfortunately the conferees were unable to reach any agreement on this matter.  Fundamentally, let me just say that the Senate appears to be narrowly prochoice, as these terms generally describe positions Senators have taken. The House appears to be prolife. So we were unable to come together in the conference report.  The House has sent over a substitute measure which restricts assistance to organizations which provide abortions but makes exceptions where the life of the mother, rape or incest are involved--a solution which tracks the so-called Hyde standards. The compromise also includes language which requires the President to certify that the UNFPA will terminate programs in China compared with the previous language requiring the President to certify that UNFPA already has terminated China programs. My understanding is this distinction was drawn because UNFPA plans to cease China programs at the end of this calendar year, thus it is a standard the administration could meet.  I hope my colleagues will support the conference report as it is entirely consistent with the votes and views of the Senate expressed September 21. It is my intention to also support the compromise language proposed by the House in the amendment in disagreement since I believe it is consistent with language which the Congress has been able to support in the past. But, clearly, Mr. President, it is a statement of the obvious to say that is an issue upon which the Senate and the House are deeply divided.  With regard to the abortion issue, the vote, I would just report to my colleagues--I think I said earlier the vote on the full conference report in the House yesterday was 351 in favor, 71 against. On the abortion amendment in disagreement, in the House the vote was 231 in favor of the House position, which I have just outlined; 187 against.  So, at some point during the day we will have a vote on the conference report and then a vote on the amendment in disagreement. It is my hope, as I indicated earlier, that we can have a vote on the conference report sometime very soon. I believe Senator Leahy is on his way and I did want to give notice to everyone there could well be a rollcall vote on the conference report sometime very soon.  