 President, in July, Suu Kyi was released after 6 years under house arrest. It was the first glimmer of hope for Burma since the military crackdown in 1988. As she has repeatedly and emphatically stated since her release, nothing else has happened. She has been released and that is it. Burma is not one step closer to implementing the results of the elections of 1990.  Burmese citizens are still suffering at the hands of one of the worst police states in the world. In fact, since Suu Kyi was released, there have been more arrests, more Burmese men, women, and children have been forced from their homes into concentration camps, more villages have been burned to the ground by the government troops.  In fact, a recent Amnesty International report asserted unequivocally that the situation has dramatically deteriorated inside Burma in the last 2 months. Let me be clear, the situation has gotten worse since Suu Kyi's release.  Yet this is the very government that the amendment of my good friend from Arizona would have us cooperate with. Reasonable people can differ about how best to handle this situation, but I must say with all due respect to my good friend from Arizona, I see it a little differently. A government guilty of arbitrary detentions, torture, forced relocations, and killings is, it seems to me, a questionable government with which to deal.  The Assistant Secretary of State for Asia, Win Lord, shares this view. When I asked him what were the major impediments to an effective counternarcotics effort he said, ``What is gong to solve the problem over the long run is a popular, representative open government--all other efforts are minuscule compared to whether you have an open system there.'' I could not agree more with Secretary Lord's statement. A military junta, with an army of 350,000, assembled exclusively to terrorize its own people--they have no external threats, this army is to terrorize Burmese people--a military junta about which Assistant Secretary of State for Asian affairs, Winston Lord, has testified, ``The only impediment to cooperation on narcotics is their lack of interest.'' Their, meaning the SLORC.  Secretary Lord has testified we can only expect to see real cooperation on narcotics if democracy is restored. They had an election in 1990. The SLORC did not honor the election. Suu Kyi had been under house arrest since 1988, until this July. The situation has deteriorated since then. The question I guess we have before us is whether cooperation with this regime will produce a positive result. I am as concerned about the fact that 60 percent of the heroin coming into this country is coming from Burma as anyone else. It seems to me reasonable people can differ as to how to approach this problem, but I think we should be moving to isolate the military junta, rather than pursuing the amendment of my good friend from Arizona. That is why we should support the restoration of democracy and implement the results of the 1990 election.  Let me just conclude by noting that Suu Kyi has urged all nations to suspend investment in Burma, to take all steps possible to isolate this pariah regime. She opposes any efforts to legitimize this repressive regime.  My good friend from Arizona has argued that his amendment is not about cooperating with SLORC, but that is precisely what the State Department budget materials recommend. That is what the State Department is in effect recommending here. So it seems to me that is exactly what the State Department has in mind. They are seeking funds to train SLORC in counternarcotics efforts.  My good friend from Arizona has indicated that he believes Suu Kyi supports this cooperation. I know that is what the administration has represented as her position. The administration said Suu Kyi supports this approach.  But I might point out to my colleagues, to members of the House International Relations Committee who met with her, and in interviews with the international media, she has explicitly and repeatedly said she does not support cooperation with SLORC.  In fact, when she was advised the assistance we have provided had been used to attack ethnic groups on the border, I was advised she was horrified. It is the administration's interpretation of Suu Kyi's wishes that my colleague is relying upon, and I can understand his relying on the administration, I suppose. But there is substantial evidence, it seems to this Senator, that the administration is not correctly relating Suu Kyi's position to us. They are incorrectly characterizing her position.  There are others, including the international press and members of the House International Relations Committee, who have met with Suu Kyi and come to a different conclusion. So reasonable people here can differ.  I know my friend from Arizona's intentions are the best. He has been to Burma. He knows a lot about Southeast Asia. But it just seems to this Senator that cooperation with SLORC is not in our best interests. It seems to this Senator there are a number of people, both reporters and House Members, who have spoken with Suu Kyi who reached the conclusion that she would not favor this approach.  I simply hope the Senate will not go on record supporting the amendment of the Senator from Arizona. The issue of Burma is not going to go away. He is extremely knowledgeable about Burma, has very strong opinions about Burma. There are others of us who are also interested in what we might be able to do to bring about the end of SLORC and the return of democracy.  I hope we could all kind of sit down together and, not using this particular bill as a vehicle, sit down together and figure out what our best approach to Burma ought to be. With all due respect to my friend from Arizona, it seems to me cooperation with SLORC on drugs would be like cooperating with Iran on counterterrorism. It seems to me highly unlikely that this would be a productive relationship.  So I hope the amendment of the Senator from Arizona will not be approved. I will make a motion to table when we finish our debate. I understand we are going to be finishing up pretty quickly.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  