  Mr. President, I got interested in this issue before the Members tonight, as chairman of the Ethics Committee. The occupant of the chair is also a Member of that committee.  We both know that we periodically get gift waivers, very legitimate gift waivers, under the current rule in which we operate. The whole question of what is an appropriate gift to a public official is a good deal more complicated than I expect many people out in America would conclude. Our line of work is really different in many ways from the executive branch.  Everyone, I think, has their favorite gift story. My friend and colleague from Kentucky, I read in the paper, was talking about the country ham which is a traditional gift in Kentucky--not just to elected officials, but to lots of other people.  I suppose if I had to pick, Mr. President, my favorite one, it would be R.C.'s and Moon-Pies. Every time I go to Liberty, KY, I have a friend down there who always kids me about being from the big city, Louisville. She is convinced that I did not know what R.C.'s and Moon-Pies were. She did not know when she first started extending this great gift that I started my life in a very small town and knew exactly what R.C.'s and Moon-Pies were.  In fact, what the people around the town square did was open up the Coke and pour in peanuts. Sort of a two-for--drink the Coke and eat the peanuts at the same time. I am familiar with R.C.'s and Moon-Pies.  I cite this to illustrate the point that when you are in the public sector and you are dealing with constituents, it is quite common for people to offer you some gesture, sometimes as a joke, sometimes out of admiration. I expect some Members even get things periodically out of a sense of condemnation. But the dealing with our constituents and the exchange of gifts in a completely harmless way is very, very common in our line of work.  What we have before the Senate is a substitute, artfully put together by a variety of different, disparate interests here in the Senate, that I think can successfully accommodate the natural social intercourse that goes on between elected officials and their constituents.  I must say, Mr. President, just like when we began the lobbying debate earlier, who would ever have thought we would have managed to work out our differences and come together on such contentious matters. Of course, the lobbying proposal ended up passing 98-0 after many of its objectionable features were removed.  What has happened here is a result of the efforts of Senator Lott, Senator McCain, and many Members on our side of the aisle, as we have worked on this legislation, refining it in trying to come together in the best legislative sense. I think that what is likely to happen here is that at the end of the process, after there are a few amendments, we will have a largely bipartisan gift reform bill that will pass the Senate. I think it will pass in the best sense by a bipartisan effort.  Senator McCain has played a critical role in bringing the diverging sides together. I think it is safe to say without his effort, this largely would not have been possible.  What we have been able to do here, it seems to me, Mr. President, is bring about meaningful gift rule reform without creating a morass of ethical trip wires over which not only our constituents would stumble, but ourselves. I think we have been able to avoid that.  Let me just tick off, as others have, some of the principal points of the McCain substitute. This is a Senate rule, Mr. President, not a statute. I think that was a critically important step to take.  The Senate has the responsibility for taking this action and of policing its own. This is a Senate rule, not a statute. There are no criminal penalties, Mr. President, for outsiders who trip over gift restrictions. We do not want to criminalize this area.  One important improvement, Mr. President, actually an improvement over current law, in my view, is that spouses of Members are not covered.   That is an improvement over the current law. And the reason that is important is that many Members of the Senate are married to spouses who have very active careers, have their own friends, their own interaction with others. The current Senate rules under which we operate do, it seems to me, in several ways unnecessarily and improperly burden people who are not Members of the U.S. Senate. They are not elected officials. So the McCain substitute is actually an improvement, in my view, on current law in terms of recognizing the independent status and nature of the careers of the spouses of many of us who serve here in the Senate.  The good-faith requirement in the McCain substitute promotes compliance while eliminating what could best be called the gotcha problem--the gotcha problem, with the kind of inadvertent violation of the gift limit.  We are working toward a reasonable exemption for personal relationships, allowing Members to continue to have friends at home and in Washington. I want to elaborate on that just a minute, Mr. President. Just because we are Members of the Senate does not mean we cannot have friends like everybody else; regular friends who are not engaged in either gift giving or meal taking with us because they are trying to get us to do something on some bill. We are entitled to have friends, too. Some would argue it is a little harder in our line of work. We are stretched, running back and forth to our home States. But I think this bill recognizes we can have friends, too. Frankly, in this line of work, you need them.  Finally, let me say an important concession made in the McCain substitute that I very much applaud is that it eliminates the distinction between lobbyist and nonlobbyist. I know it is great political theater to go around beating up on lobbyists. It has been a time-honored thing in American politics, and it has been particularly virulent of late. But the truth of the matter is, the Constitution allows every citizen of the United States to petition the Government. And there have been numerous Supreme Court decisions which have held that you do not waive your right to petition the Government because you are paid to do so. The Supreme Court wisely understood that a lobbyist--a term which has a sort of pejorative connotation--a lobbyist is, in fact, doing a job for a citizen somewhere else in America who does not have the time or the inclination to come up here and become an expert on matters that may affect his life. So that citizen or group of citizens, banding together, makes an entirely logical decision that they want to hire somebody to go represent their point of view before the Government; an entirely American thing to do. It is protected by the Constitution; recognized by the Supreme Court. And the McCain substitute eliminates the distinction between lobbyists and other citizens, for many purposes. I think that is an important step in the right direction. I think it is entirely consistent with what the Constitution seems to stipulate anyway. So I commend Senator McCain for that modification.  So, Mr. President, let me say in summary, I think we have come a long way. There may well be a few amendments here. But, as chairman of the Ethics Committee, looking at this issue in terms of how it affected each of you and how frequently you are likely to be inadvertently brought before our committee, arguably in an unfair way, I think this proposal dramatically minimizes the potential that the career of some Member of the Senate is going to be ruined over some trivial exchange with friends and constituents.  So I think this is a useful change. I think it does not go too far. And it places within the Ethics Committee, which is where it should be, the responsibility for making these kinds of rulings and interpretations. So, again, I thank Senator Lott, Senator McCain, and many others on the other side of the aisle who have been so critical and indispensable in getting us to where we are.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  