 President, let me thank my good friend, the majority whip, for the effort he has made to move this issue along. I think all of are us are grateful to him for his leadership.  I also want to commend the Senator from Michigan, Senator Levin, for coming a long way, it seems to me, in the proper direction with the latest alternative which he has suggested.  Mr. President, I think it is important to remember what the fundamental issue before us is. The Constitution of the United States gives to each American citizen the right to petition the Congress. And the courts have held that there is no distinction among those who petition the Congress and are not paid to do so and those who petition the Congress and are paid to do so. In other words, a citizen does not waive his or her constitutional rights simply because they are paid to represent a group that does not have the time to come to Washington and do the job themselves.  So there is no constitutional distinction between lobbyists and nonlobbyists when it comes to the protective constitutional right to petition the Congress. That is at the heart of this debate. Of course, the surface appeal facing lobbyists is overwhelming. But the Constitution is designed to protect the individual.  So what we are seeking to achieve here, I think as the majority whip   pointed out there is a good chance we may well achieve it, is a consensus effort here to strengthen the lobby laws but not to discourage people from exercising their constitutional rights.  I might say, at least as far as this Senator is concerned, that it seems appropriate, as we look to require further disclosure from lobbyists, that we consider not exempting those who lobby for the nonprofit sector and that we consider not exempting those who lobby for the Government sector. There are governments, State, and local governments, and even arguably divisions in each part of the Federal Government, the so-called legislative affairs offices of each Cabinet at the Federal Government, that are also seeking to influence us and to push us in the direction arguably of expanding the Government; or to spend more money on Government programs.  One of the things I hope we can take a look at in the course of this debate is whether or not the distinction between those who lobby for the private sector and those who lobby for the Government sector or the nonprofit sector is a valid distinction. Why is it that one kind of activity designed arguably to promote the free enterprise system is somehow suspect and another kind of lobbying activity to promote the expansion of Government is somehow not suspect? So one of the things we will be discussing in the course of this debate is whether that is an appropriate distinction.  But, Mr. President, my friend from Arizona is here. He is prepared to offer an amendment which I personally believe, having talked with him about it, is a good amendment. I will not speak any longer at this point. I am going to make an opening statement later this morning.  But I want to commend the Senator from Michigan for the movement that he has made. I think we are moving in the direction of coming together here and passing a landmark piece of legislation.  So with those opening observations, Mr. President, I yield the floor.  Mr. McCAIN addressed the Chair.  