 President, I rise in strong support of the resolution offered by Senators Dole and Lieberman.  For months, the situation in Bosnia has deteriorated from bad to worse, as have our policy options. Disappointment has given way to disaster--no matter how deep our common concern, it pales in the face of the horror and chaos of Srebrenica.  As we witness this unfolding tragedy, it is important to keep in mind that it is more than the future of Bosnia that is at stake--American credibility and international influence are on the line. Tomorrow's adversaries are carefully watching Bosnia today. They are measuring the weight of American words--evaluating the strength of our resolve--assessing our leadership, credibility and determination.  And, there is little doubt over the conclusion any casual observer would reach--our Bosnian policy is scarred by retreat and reversal--and repetition of the same mistakes.  Once again, as the Senate takes up legislation to lift the embargo there is a last minute appeal from the White House that the timing is all wrong. We are urged to give yet another policy alternative time to work.  But this alternative, like the last alternative, and the options before that are building on the failure of UNPROFOR.  Last week, Assistant Secretary of State Holbrooke commented ``To whatever extent Americans are involved in the air or in any other way in Bosnia, we will not be limited or constrained by the insane dual key system with the U.N. and NATO * * *. We are not going to ask the United Nations' permission for Americans to do anything in Bosnia.''  I was encouraged by this refreshingly frank assessment of what has compromised UNPROFOR's mission and shattered all hope for a resolution to the crisis. You do not usually hear senior officials call years of policy ``insane.'' It is a rare event for anyone in this administration to forcefully assert unilateral American rights and interests.  Unfortunately, no one in London listened.  United Nations officials will still be involved in decisions about when and where to conduct air strikes and use force. Although Secretary Perry and Secretary Christopher have offered public assurances that this time, this decision is different, U.N. officials are already undermining those claims and maintaining that all final decisions on the use of force will continue to involve the United Nations.  Bosnia policy is in mayhem--the effect of the meetings in London merely modified the mayhem. Once again, we failed to deal with the real problem--Serb aggression. As Prime Minister Silajdzic said, ``Another half measure . . . another fig leaf.''  Marginally modifying the chain of command as agreed in London cannot erase or correct the United Nations and UNPROFOR's failed course. And, this is a well travelled course.  Just a few short weeks ago, President Chirac visited the U.S. pleading for American support for the Rapid Reaction Force. He assured us that it would be an aggressive, combat ready unit prepared to intercede--to make a real difference. Field commanders would make the decisions, not U.N. bureaucrats hundreds of miles removed from the conflict.  Chirac talked of opening a road to Sarajevo, of vigorously defending all the safe havens; and, he was adamant that peacekeepers would no longer be the sorry victims of Serb hostage taking.  Sadly, within days, it became clear the U.N. had other ideas. Special Envoy Akashi immediately issued an apologetic letter, assuring the Serb military that the Rapid Reaction Force would only augment the existing UNPROFOR units. There would be no change in mission, no change in operational activities, no change in command. In soothing platitudes, Akashi directly undermined the RRF's credibility and undercut whatever opportunity they might have had to demonstrate success.  Worse yet, no one from the administration challenged Akashi's interpretation.  Now, we are being promised a robust air campaign, but one that will only protect Gorazde. Once again we have abandoned a principle we asserted a few short months ago. Once again, we drew a line in the sand, or, more appropriately, we drew a line around six safe havens. And now, once again, we are deserting the Bosnians in five of the six safe havens.  How long before we are forced by circumstance to redefine, retreat, repackage the next alternative?  It is long past time to recognize that United Nations Protection Force has become an expensive oxymoron--it is neither a force to be dealt with nor does it offer any protection. In fact, some have grimly joked the only thing the U.N. has successfully occupied is office space.  Any doubt--any false hope--about their capability to protect civilians was obliterated in the savaging of Srebrenica.  The mission has failed and it is time--it is past time--for UNPROFOR to leave, for the embargo to be lifted, and for the Bosnians to be given the chance to defend themselves.  It is their right and our duty.  In 1775, a young Patrick Henry stood up and talked of indulging in the illusions of hope, served by entreaty and supplication.  In calling our Nation to arms, he said,       We have done everything we could to avert the storm which      is now coming on. . . . Our petitions have been slighted; our      remonstrances have produced additional violence and insult;      our supplications have been disregarded; and we have been      spurned. . . . In vain, may we indulge the fond hope of peace      and reconciliation. There is no longer any room for hope. If      we wish to be free . . . we must fight.  The United Nations role in Bosnia is replete with petitions, supplications, and remonstrances--all in vain.  Are we to deny the Bosnian Moslems the very right to self determination that defines the conscience of this Nation? Are we to refuse them freedom--repudiate their desire to secure liberty?  We have paid a high price for failure in Bosnia--over $2 billion in taxpayers' dollars have supported UNPROFOR. What we have paid in treasure, Bosnians have paid in lives and liberty.  Lifting the embargo will not guarantee Bosnians their freedom, but the United States will no longer hold the key to their shackles--the ball and chain that UNPROFOR has become.  