 President, I am pleased to indicate that Senator Levin and I have reached an agreement on the underlying bill which he will be sending to the desk shortly. We had hoped to have a vote on this Levin-McConnell compromise at 6 o'clock, but there are some problems on this side with regard to getting a vote at 6. But we thought we would go ahead and describe for our colleagues the agreement that has been reached and at the earliest opportunity, it would be the intention of Senator Levin and my intention to get a rollcall vote on this compromise.  Let me say first, in the category of the definition of a lobbyist, the original bill by my friend from Michigan required that 10 percent of the time spent lobbying made one a lobbyist for purposes of the legislation. The alternative that I had earlier offered said that you must spend 25 percent of your time in order to meet that threshold. The compromise that we have reached is 20 percent. I think it is a reasonable compromise, and allows us to sign off in the definition of lobbyist section. And the rationale is clear, that to qualify as a lobbyist, the individual is to have to spend more than just a casual amount of time lobbying.  Second, in the area of thresholds which would trigger registration requirements, the original Levin bill said that $2,500 in income received by a lobbying firm or $5,000 spent by an organization which lobbies--$2,500 for a firm; $5,000 for an organization--would trigger the requirements. What the Senator from Michigan and I have agreed to is that, with regard to lobbying firms, $5,000 would trigger coverage; and with regard to organizations, $20,000 in expenditures by an organization which lobbies.  Here again, the rationale is that those who do not have a regular, ongoing presence in Washington should not be required to register. My hope here, which my friend from Michigan has agreed to in this compromise, is to not bring under the bill those folks back home who may come up here occasionally but who are not in any real sense lobbyists.  Third, in the grassroots area, the issue that bogged us down last fall in passing this legislation last year, the original bill of my friend from Michigan contained a reference to grassroots activity. The compromise deletes all references to grassroots activity and no longer makes any suggestion that any grassroots testimony would trigger registration. This bill will not require any reporting or disclosure whatsoever of grassroots activity.  Obviously, the goal here that the Senator from Michigan and I have is not to discourage genuine grassroots activism out in America to convey to us the opinions of those groups on any legislation that we may be considering.  Fourth, in the area of administration and enforcement, Senator Levin's original bill created a new Federal agency with the responsibility of enforcement. This bill now will create no new Government agency. The Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House would receive reporting and disclosure forms. I think clearly that is a step in the right direction. I want to thank my friend from Michigan for that compromise. We do not believe creating additional Government agencies is a good idea, particularly in this atmosphere of $5 trillion in cumulative Federal debt.  Finally, with regard to coverage of the executive branch lobbying, the compromise of the Senator from Michigan and myself will cover those contacts within the executive branch but only contacts made by political appointees; that is, schedule C's and above; Presidential appointees which require confirmation by the Senate and schedule C's.  So we have had a very good effort here to reach this agreement. I want to thank my friend from Michigan for his willingness to come together here in a proposal that I think, clearly, Senators on both sides of the aisle ought to feel comfortable in supporting. And it is my hope that at some point, preferably early this evening, we might be able to get a vote on this.  I see my friend from Michigan on his feet. I will be glad to yield the floor.  