 President, I am pleased to join my colleagues in the introduction of the Product Liability Reform Act of 1995. Our litigation system needs repair; less than half--43 cents to be precise--of every dollar spent in the liability system goes to injured victims. More than half of every dollar represents transactions costs--lawyers' fees, the cost of keeping the courts running, and other associated expenses of the legal system. Something is seriously wrong with a system that pays out more to those who run the legal system than to those who need it for dispute resolution.  And, litigation costs drain billions of dollars from our economy. We know there is a litigation tax associated with putting goods and services in the stream of commerce. For example, the price, on average, of an 8-foot ladder is $119.33. But the actual cost is only $94.47, with the litigation tax representing 25 percent of the cost. And, the litigation tax for a heart pacemaker is 20 percent, driving the cost up an additional $3,000. (Source: Newsweek, Oct. 25, 1993, reprinting from, ``The 96 Billion Dollar Game,'' Philip Hermann.)  This litigation tax impedes innovation and invention. Companies hesitate to put products on the market because of the high risk of litigation. That means fewer choices for consumers and a shrinking share of the global market for American companies.  And unless we fix the problems of our legal system, the situation is bound to get worse. Longer delays in the courts, increased inefficiency and unpredictability in getting compensation to victims, and more burdens on productivity and invention.  This bill is a significant step in the right direction. It offers a national answer to a nationwide problem--uniformity and certainty in America's product liability laws.  The bill will not prevent those injured by defective products from receiving fair compensation for their injuries. Rather, it will offer some protection for those parties who had no connection to the defects in the product from unfairly and unreasonably having to pay the tab in a lawsuit. But, make no mistake about it, those who are responsible for the defects will be held accountable for the injuries they cause.  In addition, this bill restores the element of punishment to punitive damages. In the current environment, the quest for punitive damages is like taking a chance on the lottery--some plaintiffs win big and many win nothing at all. Often times, the award of punitive damages bears no relationship to the injuries suffered. The bill will link punitive damages to the economic loss by providing that where punitive damages are awarded, they should be awarded in an amount of three times the economic loss or $250,000, whichever is greater.  The time for this bill is long overdue. I look forward to its prompt consideration in the Commerce Committee and speedy action on the Senate floor.  