 President, I rise today to join the chorus of support for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. This action is long overdue. For the last quarter-century the Federal Government has failed to pass a single balanced budget. Rhetoric, desk-pounding, and campaign promises notwithstanding Congress has time and time again come up short. The fact is, willpower hasn't done it and term limits won't do it. We must be boxed in by a constitutional mandate.  To say the least, Congress' fiscal irresponsibility has frustrated the American people. The last election was a collective scream for change. Voters did not just send new members to Congress last November, but a clear message as well: cut the waste and balance the books.  The public clamor for term limits is largely attributable to the Federal budget fiasco. Ironically, term limits would not work to instill courage or fiscal disciple but a balanced budget amendment may serve to limit terms as Members are constrained from using the Treasury to buy votes.  Unfortunately, the President has not heeded the message of last November, or did not hear it, and sent a budget that embodies more of the same. Between 1994 and the year 2000, President Clinton proposes that we add another $2.5 trillion to the gross national debt. I fail to see how it gets us close to a balanced budget--must be some new math of the 1990's.  Since coming to the Senate 10 years ago, I have listened to those who oppose a balanced budget tell the American people that all we need is courage. Year after year, Congress runs up billions on the public credit card that is to be paid for by future generations. What right do we have to ask our children and grandchildren to pay for excesses today?  Thomas Jefferson, a strong proponent of a balanced budget amendment, felt very strongly about this. He stated:       The question whether one generation has the right to bind      another by the deficit it imposes is a question of such      consequence as to place it among the fundamental principles      of government. We should consider ourselves unauthorized to      saddle posterity with our debts, and morally bound to pay      them ourselves.  That was the questions our Founding Fathers wrestled with when drafting the Constitution. It is the same question we contemplate as we cast our votes to amend this living document. Is it our place to ask others to pay for our lack of discipline? I think not.  A balanced budget amendment will serve as a bulwark to ensure that spending not exceed outlays. It purposely excludes any reference to specific programs--such a detailed blueprint has no place in the Constitution. Within this confine Congress can reprioritize spending to meet the most urgent needs and eliminate those programs that are duplicative or outmoded. Among other things, we will need to redefine terminology used in Washington. Only in Washington bureaucratese does a cut mean an increase in spending smaller than the increase the year before.  Congress would have 7 years to meet the objective of a balanced budget in the year 2002. This will be an evolutionary process in an effort to accurately reflect ongoing economic and political changes. In testimony before the Senate Budget Committee, on February 7, Secretary Rubin echoed these sentiments regarding the difficulty to predict economic situations 7 years from now. It would not be possible to precisely lay out budget priorities for the next 7 years.  Mr. President, to ensure we don't continue to resort to higher taxes instead of cutting spending to balance the budget, I urge my colleagues to support the three-fifths vote requirement to raise taxes. The record is clear, Congress has been remarkably resourceful in raising taxes. And each time taxes went up it was accompanied by increased spending. Clearly, the deficit is not a result of taxing too little, but spending too much.  Mr. President, let's take a look where we are now. Presently, the Federal debt is $4.7 trillion. If every man, woman, and child were to pay an equal [[Page S3250]] share, they would owe about $18,000. Under the Clinton proposal, their Federal share would jump to $26,000 by the year 2000.  Probably one of the most astounding facts is that interest on the debt has become the second largest budget item. It amounts to 5\1/2\ times more than is spent on education, job training, and employment programs combined. On top of that, this budget function is the only item truly off-limits. The only way we can reduce it is to balance the budget. In the meantime it remains a very substantial charge to taxpayers. The Congressional Budget Office predicts that if interest rates are even 1 percent higher than predicted, interest costs would rise by $50 billion in 2000. This is on top of the $310 billion in net annual payments expected that year.  The cumulative impact of this irresponsible behavior is staggering. Deficit spending crowds out savings and investment. Over the last 14 years, savings has declined from its highest point to record lows. Billions are diverted annually from private investment to cover government excess, and this has a direct impact on job creation.  Balanced budget opponents are trying to scare people with Social Security nightmare scenarios. The fact is, Congress continues to abdicate its fiscal responsibility, it will surely jeopardize future commitments to retirees. Only by putting our fiscal house in order now, can we continue to honor retirement obligations. Already actuarial models show the rapid depletion of the trust funds as baby-boomers begin to retire. Unless Congress takes swift action, there will be no resources available to support these people.  Opponents of the balanced budget would like seniors to believe that a balanced budget amendment will devastate the trust funds. I would be interested in knowing how many of my colleagues who have engaged in this rhetoric also supported the President's tax increase on seniors that diverted billions from Social Security to the General Treasury? This should be a clear indication of the threat posed to the trust fund under an unbalanced budget. I am as committed to Social Security as anyone and will work to ensure this commitment can be honored, a promise which must entail balancing the budget.  Some in this body seeking to undermine the balanced budget by attaching a Social Security exemption. This exemption is a hoax fraught with loopholes and questions. This exemption would create an off-budget blackhole where more and more programs are sent to be exempt from the constraints of a balanced budget. If this prediction comes true, seniors will be sharing their special exemption with a multitude of other programs. This will threaten the reserves and defeat the purpose of a balanced budget. As the old saying goes, ``give them an inch and they'll take a mile.''  No amount of gimmickry will protect future generations like a balanced budget will. Only by relieving them of our burdens, can we ensure that they can realize a higher standard of living. This is something every generation has been afforded until now. I urge my colleagues to support the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.  Wouldn't it be nice if our children could owe a debt of gratitude, and not just a debt?  