 President, I would like to address the Supreme Court's historic decision in the Adarand case handed down earlier this week. A majority of the Court, led by Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, found that preference and set-aside programs ordered by the Federal Government must be examined under the strictest judicial scrutiny. Justice O'Connor's opinion states that equal protection of the laws, as guaranteed by the Constitution, extends to every person, not to particular groups.  These preference programs are based on notions of group entitlement. As a practical matter, this decision will make it very difficult for the Federal Government to justify the more than 150 preference programs that currently exist. This decision is an important step in making this Nation truly color blind.  The case involved a Federal subcontract on a highway project. Under the Surface Transportation Act of 1987, Department of Transportation gives a bonus to a general contractor who hires subcontractors who qualify as socially and economically disadvantaged. Under the Small Business Administration definitions, disadvantaged is presumed to include African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, women, native Americans, and other minority group members.  Despite Adarand Construction's lowest bid on a Colorado highway project to build a guardrail, the general contractor gave the subcontract to a minority firm. Adarand sued, claiming a violation of its right to equal protection.  Justice O'Connor, citing earlier affirmative action cases which had clouded the issue of the validity of these programs, wrote that classification based upon race which appear to be benign are not really benign, but ``are in fact motivated by illegitimate notions of racial inferiority or simple racial politics.''--from her own plurality opinion in Croson.  This decision comes in the midst of lots of attention to these preference programs. There is a movement in California to abolish preference and set aside programs. Gov. Pete Wilson recently did away with preferences in State employment by executive order and there is likely to be a ballot initiative next year. President Clinton has ordered a review of Federal preference policies, and congressional leaders, including the majority leader, have called for close examination of these programs.  Americans have no tolerance for racial discrimination, but they also have no patience for discrimination which is committed under the guise of making up lost opportunity for those who belong to certain groups. You can't discriminate against one group to benefit another. Justice Scalia said it best in his concurrence in the Adarand case,       . . . [U]nder our Constitution there can be no such thing      as either a debtor or creditor race. . . . In the eyes of the      government, we are just one race here.  Mr. President, in the Foreign Operations Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee, which I chair, we will have an opportunity to review at least one of these set-aside programs. It requires a percentage of certain categories of foreign aid to be managed by minority contractors. Under the Court's decision in the Adarand case, we will now examine the set-aside program under the strict scrutiny test. The administration will have to establish a compelling interest to justify the continuation of preference and set-aside programs. In this time of very scarce dollars, and especially scarce in the context of foreign aid, it's hard to imagine the administration's justification for anything other than the most efficient and economical use of our foreign aid dollars.  I look forward to the ramifications and implications of the Adarand case and the revision and even end to many of the Federal Government's preference programs and policies.  