 President, I rise today to offer an amendment that will continue a program that is very important, not only to Kentucky, but also to a great number of other States.  Unlike a lot of other Government programs, this one is targeted to assist those who are in greatest need; and it has had a tremendous, positive impact over the years.  Unlike a lot of other Government programs, this one spends most of its funds making a difference in people's lives--rather than wasting taxpayer dollars on administrative expenses.  The program I am speaking of is the Appalachian Regional Commission, commonly known as ARC.  Before I discuss the substance of my amendment, I would like to commend the authors of this budget resolution, especially the chairman of the Budget Committee, Senator Domenici, for making literally thousands of tough but intelligent choices with regard to this Nation's spending priorities.  They have done a superb job, and they have done it with care and compassion and concern for those who will necessarily be impacted by this resolution.  But of course, on an issue as complex and multifaceted as the Federal budget, there are bound to be honest differences of opinion. And it is in that spirit that I am offering my amendment to save the Appalachian Regional Commission from the budget ax.  Let me also point out, however, that this amendment hardly preserves the status quo. I do not think anyone from this side of the aisle would contend that business as usual is going to achieve a balanced budget by the year 2002.  Every Federal program and agency is going to have to adapt, and cut costs, and become more efficient in response to the country's fiscal pressures. Every program and agency will need to do more with less, or face total extinction.  That is what my amendment envisions: An Appalachian Regional Commission of the future that continues to provide excellent services and programs in distressed areas, but with a more targeted approach and, frankly, with less funding.  I should add that the people in my State, and many who work for ARC, are more than willing to make the changes necessary to preserve the agency as a vital and active force in the region. But all of them also believe, as I do, that the mission of the ARC has not yet been completed; and we need to continue to support its positive efforts.  Although ARC has made a dramatic impact in improving the economic opportunities and quality of life for people living in Appalachia, there continues to be a real need for assistance in this region. Poverty, out-migration, and high levels of unemployment are especially prevalent in central Appalachia, which includes some of the poorest counties in the Nation.  In all, the ARC serves parts of 13 States, totaling 399 counties from New York to Mississippi. This is a region that lags behind the Nation in most, if not all, major economic measures. It experiences chronically higher unemployment levels, substantially lower income levels, and perniciously high poverty rates. In eastern Kentucky, for example, the poverty rate stood at 29 percent in 1990--16 percent higher than the national average.  Of the 399 counties served by ARC, 115 of these counties are considered severely distressed.  This means that these counties suffer from unemployment levels and poverty rates that are 150 percent of the national average and receive per capita incomes that are only two-thirds of the national average.  The ARC was designed to address the unique problems of this region which has been afflicted by over a century of exploitation, neglect, geographic barriers, and economic distress. These are not problems born of cyclical economic fluctuations but are the result of years of unremitting underdevelopment, isolation, and out-migration.  That is the bad news. The good news is that ARC has worked hand in hand with each of the 13 States in its jurisdiction to develop flexible and effective programs, tailored to the specific needs of each community or region.  And there is more good news. ARC is unusually lean, as Federal agencies go, with respect to administrative and personnel expenses. Total overhead accounts for less than 4 percent of all expenditures. That is largely achieved through cooperation with the States.  State Governors contribute 50 percent of the administrative costs as well as the full cost of their own regional ARC offices.  In fact, Mr. President, I would urge my colleagues to look to the ARC as a model of efficiency, cost sharing, and State cooperation for other Federal programs.  Some people have said that ARC represents a special windfall for a single area of the country. That is simply not true. The stark reality is that Appalachia receives 14 percent less per capital spending from the Federal Government than the rest of the country, and that includes the amount it receives through ARC. If anything, Appalachia is an underserved area.  The ARC's mission has been to provide the assistance needed to make Appalachian areas economically self-sustaining, rather than to simply hand out government largess.  This is an important distinction.  The ARC is not a traditional poverty program but an economic development program, with a lot of work still ahead of it. If we were to ax the ARC outright, the fact is that much of the investment we have made up to now would have been for naught.  It would be like laying the foundation of a building, putting in the beams and supports, and then deciding to stop before putting on the roof and the walls. Unless the work is seen to completion, much of what has been done to this point will have been in vain.  At the same time, because of the tremendous fiscal pressures we are facing, my amendment would not restore funding for ARC to its current level. Instead, it puts the ARC on a glidepath of reduced spending through the year 2002. The partially restored funding is entirely offset and will fully comply with guidelines established by the Budget Committee to reach a balanced budget by the year 2002.  The way we achieve these goals is quite simple. First, we start with a 35-percent reduction from the current funding level for ARC. There is no question that this is a considerable cut, and it will have an impact on the ARC's ability to fully serve its target areas. But I think it underscores how serious we are about preserving this agency.  From the 35-percent-reduction level in 1996, my amendment will continue [[Page S7337]] to lower funding levels each year through 2002. Overall, if we use as a baseline a hard freeze at 1995 funding levels for ARC, my amendment would achieve a 47-percent reduction in spending. This amounts to $925 million in savings over 7 years.  Mr. President, I would ask that a table reflecting the savings proposed by my amendment appear in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  