 Much of it I find myself in disagreement with. There have been those times, I think, clearly proving the objectivity of the ACLU when I find myself allied with them. The American Civil Liberties Union as earlier testified on the proposal that the Senator from Minnesota has offered, because it was as he indicated, a part of S. 3, an unfortunate measure that the Senate mercifully put to rest last year through some effort. The occupant of the chair participated in this effort, as well as the Senator from Kentucky, regarding the rights of people to participate in the political process.  Now, what the Senator from Minnesota has done is craft a measure which I am certain would be quite popular with the people of the United States since they have become convinced that lobbyists are odious folks who are up here buying influence and subverting the political process. Unless, of course, the lobbyists happens to be working for a cause they believe in, in which case they think the lobbyist is doing great work for America.  Regardless, this notion that this particular segment of our society should be singled out for unconstitutional treatment, it seems to me, is completely absurd. Maybe what we ought to do is introduce an amendment saying trial lawyers cannot contribute to a campaign, or maybe labor unions cannot contribute to campaign. How about bad lobbyists cannot contribute to campaigns? Surely there are good lobbyists and bad lobbyists. Maybe we would pick out the bad lobbyists and they cannot contribute.  Well, Mr. President, you get my drift. The Constitution clearly does not allow us to single out certain kinds of Americans because of their professions and take away their constitutional rights. It is simply impermissible. It might be popular.  Somebody told me, and I did not see the survey, somebody told me that in recent years many Americans indicated they do not support the Bill of Rights. I do not know whether that is true or not. Apparently some pollster asked a series of questions based upon the Bill of Rights and apparently many people did not support those items.  It would not surprise me that the amendment as crafted by the Senator from Minnesota would probably make for a terrific campaign commercial but the point is it trashes the Constitution. It absolutely trashes the Constitution. It is not even in the gray area.  Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to read from the testimony of the American Civil Liberties Union before the Senate Rules Committee, May 19, 1993, on this point, in testifying on the issue of prohibiting contributions from lobbyists. And the testimony said: ``Another clearly unconstitutional provision in the President's proposal''--this was in President Clinton's campaigning finance bill--``is the ban on political contributions by registered lobbyists (or alternatively, the ban on lobbying by political contributors). Lobbying is both the essence of political speech and association and is specifically protected under the first amendment as the right of the people `to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.' The various expressive rights encompassed by that notion are considered indivisible. After all, the first amendment `was fashioned to assure the unfettered interchange of ideas for the bringing about of legal and social change as desired by the people'. Lobbying is nothing more than a manifestation of this interchange,'' said the ACLU, ``because lobbying is designed to influence public policy, the speech that is burdened by this proposal is `at the heart of the first amendment's protections'.'' Quoting the case of First National Bank of Boston versus Bellotti in 1978 and constitutes ``the essence of self-government,'' and CBS versus FCC, Garrison versus Louisiana.  ``Moreover,'' the testimony said, ``it is wholly at odds with the guarantees of the first amendment to place legislative restrictions on those engaged in 'the discussion of political policy generally or advocacy of passage of defeat of legislation'.''  ``The Court's decision'', the ACLU went on, ``make apparent that these activities involve the highest level of constitutional protection.''  The highest level of constitutional protection, Mr. President. We are not talking about an issue that is in the gray area. This is not a close call, Mr. President. The highest level of constitutional protection.  The ACLU went on,       Like other provisions in the proposal, the ban on making      political contributions is an unconstitutional condition      imposed because of the exercise of a constitutional right. It      does not matter that it is primarily aimed at those who      represented moneyed interests, because the provision will not      affect those interests--only their registered lobbying      representative.       Thus, it is both ineffective in accomplishing that goal and      in preventing the appearance of corruption. Because the bill      already establishes contribution limits in order to cabin the      potential for corruption, that potential has been removed      from the field of contention. There are no legitimate      grounds----  I repeat, Mr. President, no legitimate grounds--     to believe that a lobbyist restricted to the same maximum      contributions will have any more undue influence over a      legislator's views than anyone else. Thus, the specially      restrictive treatment of lobbyists can only be viewed as a      penalty for their frequent and sustained exercise of their      constitutional right to address public policy issues before      the political branches of Government.  This is it, Mr. President. And I see my friend from Indiana is here. I am about to wrap it up.       The Constitution simply does not tolerate that result.  The Constitution does not tolerate that result.  Mr. President, I would like to ask unanimous consent----  