 President, I will be extremely brief. I understand there will be a motion to table shortly, if debate has been completed. Let me just say that I am pleased that my friend from Michigan has decided not to press the lobbyist disclosure measure at this particular time. As he knows, I have been in discussions with the American Civil Liberties Union about that bill. It seems to this Senator and to the ACLU that in many ways the bill, even in its current incarnation, significantly impairs the ability of citizens in this country to petition Congress, something they have a constitutional right to do. So I think we need to continue to work on that, and I am pleased that the Senator from Michigan has chosen not to press that here today.  With regard to the gift issue, as we all know the gift issue is a Senate rule. It can be enacted by the Senate alone, whenever the Senate chooses to act. It does not require the concurrence of the House. Back in the fall when we were engaged in a dispute, driven principally by the flaws in the lobbying portion, I, along with a number of my colleagues, proposed moving ahead and passing the gift provision, separate and apart from the lobby disclosure provisions.  It was the prerogative, of course, of the then majority leader, Senator Mitchell, to bring up the gift matter since it could not be offered as an amendment to the measure before us because of the conference report. The conference report had married together the changes to the gift rules and the lobby disclosure statutory change. And we had a conference report before us. Senator Dole had suggested that we would defeat the conference report and be willing to act on the Senate rules. Senator Mitchell chose not to call up the Senate rule at that time, apparently feeling that it was for whatever reason not a good idea to pass the rule all by itself. That was at the end of the Congress.  Here we are at the beginning of the Congress. In fact, the first act of the day in the Senate, it would be in my view, could be that there would be further refinements made in the gift measure. I do not think there is any compelling reason to do it today. It is the beginning of a Congress, not the end of one. What is also at stake here, Mr. President, quite frankly, is the issue of running the Senate. Senator Dole may well decide at a timing of his choosing to bring up a gift ban proposal. My view is that, should he decide to do that, we will have one that makes sense and revises the current gift rule. We can do that wholly apart from what may or may not be going on in the House because we can do that obviously with our own rule.  Mr. President, it is my view that what is really at issue today is sort of the control issue. We all would like to see congressional accountability pass. It seems to this Senator that the best way to do that is to pass it as it is without amendment.  Even though I will predict that at some point this year we will pass a gift rule revision, my prediction is that it will be better than the one currently offered in this amendment, better for the Senate and better for the public; and that today what we ought to do is pass the Congressional Accountability Act, something I think virtually everybody here is in favor of it. It is ready to go. We know the House is interested in receiving our version.  So I hope that whenever a motion to table is made that it would be approved and that we commit to my friend from Michigan that we will continue to work on this. I think it is likely that it would be approved sometime soon. I believe we can make it even better than the version currently being offered by the Senator from Michigan.  I thank the Chair.  