  The combination of diminishing resources and increased international trade and economic competition require us to revise our priorities and approach and restructure our institutions.  During my tenure on the Foreign Relations Committee and now on the Foreign Operations Subcommittee, I reached the same conclusion that many of my colleagues did--foreign aid is almost as unpopular as it is misunderstood.  Time and time again I have addressed audiences that really believe that foreign aid represents at least 50 percent of our budget--if we just scaled it back to 5 percent we could balance the budget.  Well, as most of us know, foreign aid hovers around 1 percent of the Federal budget, and is shrinking by the day.  So why do so many people have the wrong impression?  I think the problem stems from the fact that no one really knows what we do abroad or why? Sure they understand emergency food and medical support to a country that is experiencing an earthquake or similar natural disaster.  But what does sustainable development mean and why is it important?  Why are we the largest contributor to global family planning programs?  Do we really need to fund the International Office of the Vine and Wine?  I share the view of many Americans that think our aid does not support clear cut U.S. interests. And, central to this problem is the disconnect between the agencies administering foreign aid and foreign affairs.  I commend Senator Helms for his ambitious effort to reorganize our bureaucracy to better serve our interests. His proposal to integrate our aid and interests in one agency closely tracks legislation I introduced earlier this year. I also support his emphasis on our trade and economic interests--assuring each regional bureau actually has a deputy responsible for trade and development will enhance our global standing and performance.  The reforms outlined in S. 908 are essential to rebuilding American confidence in our foreign aid programs. The bill reduces waste and expensive duplication of agency efforts. And, in scaling back and focusing our resources and effort, we will strengthen the coherence and effectiveness of our programs and policies.  