 When the committee decided to move forward with rescissions I requested a listing of the unobligated balances in our international affairs accounts. I learned that the three largest accounts which have been slow to spend their resources are those committed to the Middle East, the New Independent States, and the Development Fund for Africa.  It is my view that contributing to the economic and political stability in the NIS is a vital interest of the United States in the post-cold-war world. Although many of the specific programs for the NIS have been plagued by difficulties, I am reluctant to send the signal that Congress is abandoning its commitment to the region. The House rescission which reflected a 10 percent cut to the region's unobligated balances might send just such a message.  The troop housing project is obviously troubled. We have held a number of hearings to review whether it is, in any way, meeting the defined objectives. We had expected the program to offer incentive to remove troops from the Baltics, build housing where there was an acute shortage, generate jobs in the construction sector, and expand private home ownership--I think there is consensus that it has failed on virtually all accounts. Nevertheless, I would prefer to see the funds for the project reprogrammed rather than cut out altogether.  As an alternative to the House provisions, Senator Leahy and I are offering a modest reduction in the NIS account with a requirement that two-thirds of the resources are drawn from the Russia projects.  This was a direct and determined response to the situation in Chechnya. A few weeks ago when the administration decided to offer $20 million in relief to Chechnya, we learned that they planned to draw some of the funding from Armenia, Georgia, and other regional emergency accounts. I see no purpose in punishing those countries to compensate for Russian outrages in Chechnya. The requirement that two-thirds of the rescissions from the NIS account be drawn from Russian programs is intended to reinforce that message.  The second large account with unobligated balances had a direct affect on the Middle East peace process. Again, I think our interests dictated that we not take any action that could disrupt our commitment to stability and the peace process. Consequently, I was unwilling to draw down this account to support rescissions.  I relied on the third account, the Africa Development Fund for two reasons--the slow spending rate and the fact that the fund is complemented by an array of other accounts that contribute to Africa development. In addition to the DFA, we contribute to the Africa Development Foundation, the Africa Development Fund, the Africa Development Bank, and the International Development Association.  After discussions with my colleagues, I have agreed to shift the burden of rescissions from the bilateral Africa program where we have more confidence and opportunity to assure United States interests are addressed to the International Development Association which I view as less responsive to United States goals.  [[Page S3595]] The rescissions Senator Leahy and I are offering, continue our support for vital American interests while addressing our common concerns about reducing our deficit. With this Congress we have new responsibilities to reduce the deficit. I plan to make sure that our foreign aid program contributes to the process of downsizing the Government and our debt.  This rescissions proposal is the first step in a series of difficult choices which lie ahead. Foreign aid can and should serve U.S. national economic and political interests. When and where it fails to meet that test, I guarantee my colleagues that the funds will be rescinded, reprogrammed, or reduced.  