 President, I rise today to offer an amendment to help States get a handle on their local waste flows and to ensure that States are not precluded from establishing regional solid waste reduction plans. Next year, the subtitle D regulations affecting landfills will go into effect. These new regulations will force States to closely reevaluate their disposal needs and develop their own comprehensive plans on how they might implement the more stringent regulations.  Kentucky has already taken the initiative in establishing one of the most comprehensive solid waste reduction plans of any State. The Kentucky plan mandates that regional and local authorities establish a waste collection and disposal plan as well as regional waste reduction strategies. These efforts have proven effective in stopping illegal dumping, increasing recycling, and reducing the overall need for landfill space.  Unfortunately, without Federal legislation these plans are open to constitutional challenge. Mr. President, where does that leave us? How can States effectively meet the goals of reducing waste flows, increasing recycling, and improving landfill standards if they are prohibited from establishing an effective waste management plan?  Those of us who have been involved in the interstate waste issue know, this legislation is necessitated by the commerce clause of the Constitution. A number of State and local initiatives that attempted to deal with solid waste issues have wound up in court, and eventually been struck down based on this provision of the Constitution. Consequently, it is virtually impossible for a State to effectively deal with their own waste flows without a specific delegation of Congress' plenary commerce power.  In every Congress since 1990 there has been an attempt to provide States the authority to keep the interstate flow of solid waste in check. Over the past 6 years, I have fought hard with Senator Coats to ensure that States like Kentucky and Indiana do not become dumping grounds for those States that have refused to control their own waste flows.  Mr. President, my amendment will correct this by authorizing States to establish a comprehensive plan for waste reduction. This is essential if communities are to get a handle on their own waste flows through plans that promote local planning and are consistent with the objectives of subtitle D, of the Solid Waste Disposal Act passed by Congress in 1991.  Gone will be the days of open dumps and multitudes of cheap landfills when the new standards are implemented in 1996. These standards will mandate liners, leachate collection and treatment, groundwater and gas monitoring, and new corrective action. The EPA has estimated that nearly half of the Nation's 6,000 landfills will close. In Kentucky, new landfill standards have already gone into effect and the number of landfills has declined dramatically from 29 to just 6. Mr. President, these new regulations will compel many States to rethink their disposal needs and how they should plan for the future.  Many States may find they do not have an effective plan for disposing of their waste. States will need to establish a plan for consolidation, reduction, and recycling programs mandated by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. Again, my amendment will help States plan for the inevitable and protect already established plans from legal challenge.  Mr. President, this amendment will not eliminate existing host community agreements, nor will it ban the interstate flow of waste. In fact, in Kentucky a special landfill was recently authorized to accept waste from out-of-state. A number of Kentucky counties continue to ship and accept nominal amounts of waste from our neighboring States of West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. My amendment will not disturb these arrangements.  Mr. President, my amendment is entirely consistent with the export reduction strategies contained in this bill.  I have worked with the officials of the Kentucky Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Protection Cabinet and officials in Magoffin County to ensure that State and regional waste plans are protected in this legislation. I am appreciative of their assistance.  Today, Congress will clarify whether States have the authority to establish their own plan for the disposal of waste. Only with the explicit delegation of this authority can States be certain that they are acting within a constitutional framework.  I would like to thank the managers of this bill for accepting this amendment.  