 President, I would like to speak to another amendment that will be offered by the occupant of the chair at some time in the next 30 minutes or so dealing with the question of joint and several liability.  Put another way, Mr. President, we all know what that means. That is the looking-for-somebody-with-a-deep-pocket problem which is a pervasive problem in American litigation.  Interestingly enough, the mayor of the city of New York was before a subcommittee of the judiciary yesterday, and I obtained a copy of his testimony. It is really quite interesting. The mayor outlined the problems of the city of New York in recent years with regard to our tort system, which has clearly run amok. It is very interesting that last year New York City paid out $262 million in tort cases on roughly 8,000 claims which either proceeded to settlement or verdict.  And the mayor goes back and compares that to earlier years. In 1977, the mayor pointed out, the city paid out $24 million as compared to $262 million last year. In 1984, the city paid $84 million compared to $262 million last year. In 1990, the city of New York paid out $177 million--that was just 5 years ago--compared to $262 million in tort cases last year.  Most of these, of course, Mr. President, are cases where the plaintiff was trying to get into the pockets of the [[Page S6067]] taxpayers of the city of New York. The mayor in his testimony proceeded to describe it in another way that kind of brings it home for all of us.  There has been a lot of talk here about whether statistics do or do not exist in various areas of this debate. The mayor put it this way. He said--and this was just yesterday before a Senate Judiciary Committee subcommittee. ``With just half of our annual tort payments,'' said Mayor Giuliani, ``the city could hire 2,900 additional police officers or firefighters or more than 3,700 teachers.'' The city could have hired 2,900 additional police officers or firefighters or more than 3,700 teachers for the money they paid out in tort claims in the city of New York last year alone.  The mayor went on. He said, ``In terms of our operating budget, the amount we spent on these cases is more than 61 of 75 agencies of city government spent over a year.''  Let us go over that. They spent more in tort cases in the city of New York than 61 of 75 agencies of the city of New York spent last year and more than the combined amount budgeted to sustain the operation of the DA's, district attorneys, in all five boroughs of the city of New York. They spent more money in tort claims last year in the city of New York than the amount of the district attorneys' budgets of all five boroughs of the city last year.  The mayor proceeded to say that New York City's personal injury payout is an enormous expense no matter how you look at it and falls squarely on the taxpayers, he says, the consumers in the city of New York.  The mayor went on. It is kind of interesting the way he put it. He says, ``As individuals, Americans are the most generous people in the world. They are equally generous with their hard-earned tax dollars, but they would like to know that their money is being put to use wisely. When they learn, however, their money is being wasted, Americans rightly demand an accounting. I submit the time has come,'' said the mayor of New York, ``for an accounting of the waste associated with the tort system as we know it.''  What he was talking about, Mr. President, is the deep-pocket issue. ``Municipalities and other public entities are often viewed as deep pockets that can easily afford to pay extra sums to plaintiffs claiming to be injured.'' He also mentioned a few of those cases.  I thought I might relate to the Senate the mayor of New York yesterday mentioned one case in which a subway mugger was caught in the act and shot by an alert transit cop. What did the robber do? Why, he sued the city and he won $4.3 million. The robber sued the city.  Here is another interesting one that New York experienced. He said in another case an 18-year-old student in direct contravention--direct contravention--of a teacher's instructions jumped over a volleyball net. The teacher said, ``Don't do it.'' And the 18-year-old student did it anyway. The student suffered tragic injuries. But the city's liability for the teacher's effort to supervise cost the city $15 million.  The mayor cited another case. The city was ordered by a jury to pay a woman's estate $1 million after she entered a closed city park, ignored all the instructions, entered a closed city park and drowned in 3 feet of water.  So there you have it, Mr. President. That is the kind of thing that is going on all across America under the concept of joint and several liability, and it is clearly costing taxpayers, consumers, a lot of money.  The Senator from Michigan on behalf of himself and myself will bring up shortly with the permission of the Senate the Abraham-McConnell joint and several liability amendment which would permit an injured plaintiff to collect a full judgment from any defendant found to be liable for any part of the injury.  Mr. President, the doctrine of joint liability permits an injured plaintiff to collect the full judgment from any defendant found liable for any part of the injury. It means that no matter how remotely connected a defendant is to the events leading to plaintiff's injury, a defendant could be required to satisfy the entire judgment.  That is the kind of thing I was seeking to illustrate in referring to the testimony of the mayor of New York just yesterday.  The result is that lawyers for the plaintiffs add a whole host of defendants to a lawsuit in an effort to ensure the plaintiff can get the full judgment paid. With joint liability, it does not matter if you had anything to do with the events leading up to the plaintiff's injury. Instead, the chances of your getting sued depend upon how deep your pockets are. The deeper the pocket, the more likely to be sued.  For example, if a drunk driver injures an individual on someone else's property, the property owner will be joined in the lawsuit. It happened to the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, only it was not even the property owner. The accident happened near one of the orchestra's performance facilities. And the orchestra, a nonprofit entity, was needless dragged into a $13 million lawsuit and put at risk for the judgment.  Nonprofit organizations, municipalities, and small businesses can be hardest hit by joint liability. Although we do not think of these defendants as wealthy or rich, they are usually adequately insured, which also makes them good candidates to be deep pockets. New York City, to which I just referred, spends more on personal injury awards and settlements--$262 million in the last fiscal year--than it spends on funding public libraries.  One industry that is severely impacted by joint liability is the engineering profession. Often engineering firms are small and entrepreneurial. The American Consulting Engineers Council reports that of its 1,000 members, more than 700 are involved in lawsuits. The typical case involves a drunk or reckless driver speeding down a road that is undergoing construction. Although the road is well marked with a detour sign, an accident occurs. The driver sues everybody involved with the road: the local government, the highway department, anybody who owns adjoining property and, of course, the engineers who designed the road improvement. While the engineers--and any of the other defendants--may ultimately prevail, the costs of defense can be staggering. The Consulting Engineers report that in 1993, they paid out more than $35 million in awards and settlements. That is a huge amount of money, especially considering 80 percent of the engineering firms employ fewer than 30 people.  What does it mean for consumers and taxpayers? Higher prices and more taxes, since the engineering firms will have to pass their costs on to their customer. The local governments who hire engineers to build their roads and bridges will pay more and the American people will pay higher taxes to cover these lawsuits.  So, make no mistake about it. The tort tax is real. Every American lives with it. And every potential defendant has to take account, in the prices they set, for the possibility of being dragged into a lawsuit.  I recently received a letter from the institute for the National Black Business Council, an association of minority business owners. Mr. Lou Collier, the president of the council, writes in support of expanding the product liability bill.  Without an expansion of the joint and several liability reform, Mr. Collier states, ``Millions of small businesses--restaurants, gas station owners, hair stylists, nearly every small business you can think of, would still face the threat of bankruptcy. That includes most African-American firms.'' The latest census data shows that 49 percent of all black-owned firms are service firms, and Mr. Collier, on behalf of minority small business owners, asks us to improve the climate for small business, ``Small business owners and entrepreneurs have to overcome staggering odds to build a successful company. They shouldn't have to face a legal system where one frivolous lawsuit can force them to close their doors.''  Now, that is Mr. Collier on behalf of the minority businesses of this country.  The amendment offered by Senator Abraham and myself, by eliminating joint liability for noneconomic damages, would relieve some of those burdens.  Injured plaintiffs would still recover their full economic loss. But for the [[Page S6068]] subjective noneconomic loss, each defendant would be responsible only for his or her proportionate share of harm caused.  This amendment is fair and consistent with principles of individual responsibility. It will put an end to the gamble taken by the trial bar when they join everyone in sight of an injury.  Let me just say in conclusion, Mr. President, having chaired a number of hearings years ago as chairman of the Courts Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee, I had a hard time ever getting any plaintiff's lawyer to make a good argument in support of joint and several liability, because it is obviously not just. It violates any standard of American justice to require that someone who contributed little or nothing, just a little bit of what may have caused the harm, to end up getting assessed 100 percent of the damages simply because they are able to pay. That is not just. That does not have anything to do with civil justice.  It is astonishing to me, Mr. President, that our tort system in this country has evolved to the point where essentially innocent parties can end up being assessed all of the damages for a harm that they did not cause.  That is what the Abraham-McConnell amendment will be about when it is subsequently offered. I hope that I will be able to come back to the floor and speak again on this amendment at the appropriate time.  I wish to commend the occupant of the chair, the Senator from Michigan, for his great leadership in this tort reform field. He has been in the Senate now about 4 months, and I cannot remember anybody who has taken a subject and made a difference on it any more quickly than he has. I have enjoyed working with him.  We have another issue that we may be talking about later in the debate, something called an early offer mechanism, which I do not have the time to address at this point.  I just want to say how much I have enjoyed working with him. We are greatly in hope that the Senate will decide that changing the way we handle joint and several liability will be in the best interest of the American people.  Mr. President, I believe no one is about so speak. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  