 President, I rise today in support for the passage of S. 534, the Interstate Transportation of Solid Waste Act of 1995. This legislation is long overdue. For too long States like Kentucky have been forced to deal with the uncontrollable flows of out-of-State waste. I do not need to remind my colleagues of the garbage barge in 1987 that sailed up and down the east coast looking for a place to deposit its foul load. It came to symbolize our Nation's burgeoning solid waste problem.  Since then, States and communities have attempted to manage their own waste flows, but were helpless to stop the flow of out-of-State waste. For the past 6 years, I have worked to provide States the authority to control the waste being sent to their State. Finally, we have a bill that allows States to say no to out-of-State trash.  It is particularly troubling to think that there are States and localities that have either been unwilling or unable to dispose of their own garbage in a responsible manner, forcing it on States like Kentucky. The disposal of garbage is truly a local concern and should be handled that way. I do not believe States should be forced to share valuable landfill space with out-of-State waste they do not want.  Gone are the days of open dumps and multitudes of cheap landfills. in 1996, new landfill standards will be implemented mandating liners, leachate collection and treatment and ground water monitoring. The EPA has estimated that nearly half of the Nation's 6,000 landfills will be closed. This will obviously force many States to rethink their disposal needs. Therefore, it is critical that States are provided the authority to control out-of-State garbage.  [[Page S6719]] Last week, I offered an amendment that was accepted to protect the authority of States and regional authorities to develop and implement comprehensive waste reduction strategies in an effort to conserve costly landfill space.  For the past 6 years, I have worked hard to ensure that States and localities are given the discretion to manage their own waste and to protect themselves from becoming a dumping ground for those States that take the position of ``out of State, out of mind.'' I refuse to allow Kentucky to become a garbage colony.  In 1990, I introduced S. 2691, a bill to give States the ability to fight long-haul dumping by charging higher fees for disposal of waste coming from other States. This bill passed the Senate with 68 votes.  During the 102d Congress, I introduced S. 197 to once again provide States the authority to impose a fee differential for out-of-State waste. In 1992, Senator Coats and I joined forced and produced comprehensive legislation to provide States the authority to regulate waste. That same year, the Senate passed an interstate waste bill by an overwhelming vote of 88-2. Unfortunately, the bill died in the House.  During the 103d Congress, I joined with Senators Coats and Boren in introducing S. 439. Although the Senate didn't act until late in the session, Congress came extremely close to passing an interstate waste bill. Again, the House stalled long enough to effectively kill the bill on the last day of the session.  I am encouraged by the quick action taken by the committee under the leadership of Senator Smith and the chairman, Senator Chafee to address the problem of interstate waste. I am hopeful that the House will work expeditiously to pass their own interstate waste bill so that we can finally give States the authority to control out-of-State waste and protect their own landfill space.  I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this legislation.  