 President, the amendment I offered yesterday to broaden this bill to include medical malpractice reform, which the Senate approved, may have been the shot heard around the civil justice system, but the amendment we will be voting on offered by Senator Dole to extend punitive damages reform to all civil cases in the country is really the beginning of the revolution.  The Dole punitive damages amendment, together with an Abraham- McConnell amendment on joint and several liability, which we will offer shortly, are the true tests of whether the Senate is going to provide meaningful and comprehensive civil justice reform for every American.  Let me explain why the Dole amendment is so important to restoring justice to our civil justice system. Economic and noneconomic damages are awarded to compensate an injured party, to make the person whole in every possible way. That is a fundamental purpose of civil liability and one which I strongly support.  Punitive damages, on the other hand, are assessed to punish the responsible party for conduct that is almost criminal in its recklessness, deliberateness, or malice. Since we assign liability for economic and noneconomic damage on the basis of fault, it is clear that punitive damages are meant to punish something much more than mere negligent conduct. Such damages are to be sought in extreme and unusual situations, not as a bonus, in every case, Mr. President.  However, as any students of the tort system can say, the distinction between the two types of civil damages have become seriously blurred, making a mockery of the different purposes these damages are meant to serve.  Claims and large awards for punitive damages have become routine. Plaintiffs who are fully compensated for their injuries throughout economic and noneconomic damages get an extra windfall that bears no relation whatever to the harm that they have suffered.  The lawyers who represent these plaintiffs are stuffing their pockets with the money, as many plaintiffs lawyers will take up to half and even more of the total amount of these lucrative damage awards.  Often, Mr. President, the potential for such enormous punitive damages awards entices people to sue in the first place. Plaintiffs, egged on by their lawyers, will sometimes turn down offers to compensate all their harm in the hope of scoring big with punitive damages or extorting a much larger settlement out of a defendant, who is understandably reluctant to play punitives roulette.  In other words, what was once intended as a very narrow remedy lying somewhere between civil and criminal law has now become a gold mine that is exploited without regard to the considerations of justice and due process. The Dole amendment is designed to restore the concept of punishment to punitive damages.  If we accept the principle that the law of punitive damages must be reformed in product liability and medical malpractice, it follows that such reform should be extended to other civil actions as well.  Punitive damage reform will not limit an injured party's right to be [[Page S6035]] fully compensated for any harm. Instead, it will give relief to consumers in the form of lower prices at the checkout counter and lower insurance costs for their homes and businesses. To confine that relief to product liability and medical malpractice gets only part of the job done.  Now, who is hurt by excessive punitive damages awards? The list is almost endless. Cities, counties, park districts, nonprofit agencies, charities like the Girl Scouts and the Little League and small businesses.  For example, the Girl Scouts in Washington have to sell 87,000 boxes of Girl Scouts cookies just to pay their liability insurance premium. In southern Illinois, they must sell 41,000 boxes to cover insurance liability. Girl Scout camps can no longer afford to offer horseback riding because of excessive risk. They have no diving boards in the swimming pools--too much exposure to litigation.  Cities spend $9 billion on liability judgments and settlements every year. An employee of the Smithsonian won a $400,000 award--$390,000 in the form of punitive damages because his supervisor called him an unflattering name. I guess that proves that sticks and stones may break my bones, while names earn a lawsuit.  For small businesses, one lawsuit can mean bankruptcy, even if it is won. The huge fee and time spent away from the businesses has literally wiped out mom and mop enterprises despite the fact that they win the suit. No wonder so many small businesses cave in to legal extortion rather than risk court costs, legal fees, disruption of the business, harm to their reputation, and exposure to the most expensive lottery in America--punitive damages.  The National Federation of Independent Business, which has been one of the true heroes on civil justice reform, brought to my attention the case of Hunt Tractor in my home State of Kentucky. They have been sued in two cases involving product liability allegations. In one case, the equipment operator was obviously negligent; and in the other case, the owner had modified the equipment to make it unsafe.  While Hunt won both cases, it cost the company and its insurance carrier more than $100,000 to defend, and countless hours entangled in legal proceedings.  Domino's, the chain of pizza delivery restaurants, was found liable for the injuries of a woman harmed when one of its pizza trucks was rushing to meet Domino's promised 30-minute-delivery deadline. Regardless of whether you believe Domino's had some share of the responsibility, the damages awarded in the case were astonishing. Out of a total award of $79 million, close to $78 million was punitive damages.  Some of my colleagues have mentioned the situation in Alabama, a State I have a great deal of interest in. I was born there and lived the first 8 years of my life in Alabama. In Alabama, plaintiffs routinely recover punitive damage awards. In three counties studied by Prof. George Priest, of the Yale Law School, he found that punitive damages were awarded in 72 to 95 percent of all cases in these three counties in Alabama--all cases.  It is hard to imagine that in all these cases defendants have behaved so egregiously as to warrant an assessment of punitive damages. Clearly, we need to bring punitive damages under control and relate them to punishment--not another routine part of every case. That is what this debate is about. It is not, as the opponents of reform have claimed, about taking money away from victims. It is about bringing some certainty to civil punishment, just as we do for criminal defendants.  I thank the Chair and I yield the floor.  