 President, I am pleased to be a cosponsor of the amendment by the distinguished Senator from Michigan [Mr. Abraham] requiring lawyers to disclose to their clients information about fee arrangements.  The amendment of the Senator from Michigan is a very simple consumer protection amendment. Too often, those in need of legal services are inexperienced in evaluating whether they are getting good value for the money they pay. After all, choosing a lawyer is not exactly like choosing a lawn mower. No objective specifications, to my knowledge, exist. It is virtually impossible to compare prices. The only thing a prospective client may know in selecting the lawyer is what law school he or she attended, and that he or she passed the State bar examination. The client may not even know if it took the lawyer more than one try to pass the bar exam. And unfortunately, some lawyers take advantage of unsuspecting clients. In contingent fee cases, lawyers charge standard rates, regardless of how much effort or how much risk is involved in the particular case, typically, to take one-third of any settlement, 40 percent of any award resulting from trial, and frequently 50 percent if the case gets appealed. Many jury verdicts are eventually reduced on appeal, so often an injured person will recover less money the further the case is litigated.  A few weeks ago, the Washington Post reported on the settlement of an antitrust case against several airlines. The clients got $10 to $25 coupons redeemable under restricted and limited conditions. The lawyers shared $16 million in fees.  Lawyers who bill their clients on an hourly basis create problems of a different sort. Consider the case of the Denver law firm that claimed it did not bill its clients for the first class airfare. A legal auditor hired by a client discovered that the firm bought business class tickets but individual lawyers were upgrading to first class at the airports and then billing the clients. In another firm, a lawyer was discovered to have billed for 62 hours in a single day--quite an accomplishment, I might say.  Still, another lawyer drafted a motion for a client that could be used in thousands of asbestos cases that the lawyer was defending. The lawyer billed his clients 3,000 separate times for the same motion--3,000 separate times, I repeat, Mr. President, for the same motion.  These anecdotes are related in a recent U.S. News & World Report story entitled ``Lawyers Who Abuse the Law.'' Add on to a few lawyers who take advantage of their clients the reality that the legal system does not fairly compensate those who seek redress. Someone injured because of another's negligence has as much chance of winning in a lawsuit as he or she does by taking a turn at the gaming tables of Las Vegas. Sometimes, as at the casinos, it is possible to win big. But we know that in gambling, the house is usually the big winner. The same is true in the legal system, only the house is the system itself--lawyers and court costs.  After all, more than half of every dollar spent in the liability system, 57 cents goes to the lawyers and to the courts. The injured get only 43 cents of that dollar.  These experiences are causing the American people to lose confidence in our legal system. The same U.S. News & World Report article found that 69 percent of the American people believe lawyers are only sometimes or not usually honest.  Restoring integrity to our legal system is a fundamental goal of this reform effort. This amendment is designed to give clients some reasonable information about the financial aspects of the relationship with a lawyer.  Under the amendment of the Senator from Michigan, the lawyer would be required to provide the client with two statements, one at the outset of the representation and another when the case is concluded.  The attorney must provide the client with the following information at the beginning: How many hours will be spent trying to settle the case; how many hours it will take to bring the case to trial; how the attorney will charge the client--hourly, contingent, or flat fee; and, the precise rate.  A final statement at the end of the case must include the following: The number of hours the lawyer spent on the case, the total amount of the fee and the effective hourly rate, regardless of the rate actually charged.  This basic information will go a long way toward restoring America's faith in our legal system, and it will enable those who need legal counsel to be better informed in selecting counsel. The scope of the amendment is limited. It applies only to those cases filed in Federal courts. So the Senator from Michigan has narrowed the scope of this considerably.  While there is no reason for these disclosure requirements not to apply to State courts, we are trying to be mindful of imposing too many requirements upon the States in this particular instance. So we have left the scope of this effort quite narrow, and the States are free to adopt these disclosure requirements on their own, obviously.  Let me close by stating what the amendment does not do. First of all, it does not prohibit or restrict contingent or hourly fees. It does not mandate the use of contingent or hourly fees.  We recognize the importance of contingent fees. In some situations, a contingent fee may be the only way a person can afford to hire a lawyer to pursue a case. But the Abraham amendment affords consumers important information. It will help those choosing lawyers to be good consumers, and it will put consumers on a more level playing field with the lawyers whose services they need.  So I want to commend the distinguished Senator from Michigan for his amendment. I think it is an excellent amendment. I hope it will be adopted by the Senate at the appropriate time.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  