 President, I am pleased that the Senate is considering the Product Liability Fairness Act this week. The time for legal reform is long overdue. I am anxious, as one Senator, to get this debate underway. I particularly want to congratulate the bill's chief sponsors, Senator Gorton and Senator Rockefeller, for guiding the bill swiftly through the Commerce Committee, and I applaud Senator Dole's leadership in bringing the issue promptly to the floor.  I might say, having been involved in this issue for now 11 years, going back to a prior period of Republican majority as chairman of the Court Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee, we listened to lots of hearings and [[Page S5593]] lots of talk, and I am glad we may finally have a realistic shot at civil litigation reform in this country.  Mr. President, while I am a cosponsor of S. 565, I also support the effort that will be made this week to broaden the scope of this bill. The American people are frustrated with our legal system. Everywhere I turn, I read and hear about terrible experiences people have when they find themselves inside the liability maze. People with real injuries too often do not get fairly treated. Meanwhile, too many frivolous cases clog the courts. The truth is the litigation system is like a day in Las Vegas or Atlantic City: Sometimes you can win big, but more often the house--that is the system, the lawyers and the courts--win the biggest profits. And the money that goes to the lawyers and the court system is significantly more than the money received by the injured parties. According to the Rand Corp., a full 57 cents of every dollar spent in the liability system is eaten up by the system itself. The injured get less than half, only 43 cents, Mr. President, of every dollar.  What does this mean for the American people? It means they pay more for the goods and services they buy in the economy, and it also means that businesses develop fewer new products, pursue less innovation and create fewer jobs.  The tort tax, Mr. President, is real, and reforming our legal system would mean a real tax break for the American people, a tax cut that will not require an offset and will not risk the Social Security System trust fund. One firm, Tillinghast, estimates that the litigation system costs every individual in our Nation $1,200 annually.  In a recent study, the Rand Corp. looked at the overuse and abuse of our health care system which is driven by the litigation system. In examining only the auto tort system--just for automobiles, Mr. President--Rand found that excess medical claiming, driven by the prospect of reaping a windfall from the legal system, consumed $4 billion worth of health care resources in 1993 alone. That is the same year Mrs. Clinton's task force proposed a restructuring of our health care system. Evidently, the real answer is right here in our legal system. That same Rand study estimated consumers paid in 1993, $13 billion to $18 billion in excess auto insurance premiums because of the litigation craze.  So, make no mistake about it. This debate is about the economy and it is about taxes. If we are serious about tax relief for the middle-class family, let us reform our legal system. Let us cut the cost of an 8-foot ladder by 20 percent or the doctor's fee for a tonsillectomy by 33 percent. We can do it by reforming the legal system.  The American people want us to change our civil justice system. Survey after survey show the frustration of the American people with our legal system. For example, a couple months ago, U.S. News & World Report wrote that 69 percent of Americans find that lawyers are only sometimes or not often honest. Can you imagine? Honesty in the legal profession is not seen as normative behavior. As a lawyer myself, I have to say that I am horrified that such a huge majority of the American people have reached that conclusion. Yet, the organized bar resists any serious or meaningful changes to the legal system.  Last month, the Luntz Research Group found that an overwhelming 83 percent of the American people think our liability lawsuit system has major problems and needs serious improvement. Sixty-four percent of the people believe the liability system is out of control, costing everyone a lot of money and doing a whole lot of damage to our economy. And 79 percent to 83 percent of Americans support specific reforms, such as reasonable limits on punitive damages, abolishing joint liability for noneconomic damages, and loser pays where the judge finds the case to be completely frivolous.  Two generations ago, lawyers acted as statesmen who moderated their clients' behavior. In that bygone era of the 1950's, there was 1 lawyer for every 695 people. Today, there is 1 lawyer for every 290 people; and since lawyers thrive on conflict, they operate as gladiator-litigators, ``ransack[ing] the legal cupboard for nostrums to rectify every wrong, to ward off every risk and to cure every social and economic ill,'' as Harvard Professor Mary Ann Glendon has written in her new book, ``A Nation Under Lawyers: How the Crisis in the Legal Profession Is Transforming American Society.''  The result is a sue-happy America, destructive to our democratic culture of debate, persuasion, accommodation, and tolerance.  So, make no mistake about it. We have embarked on a fundamental debate about the nature of American society. The legal system, and law in general, is too pervasive a force in people's lives. The reforms debated this week will be about returning the legal system to its appropriate place and to restoring fairness and certainty to the liability system.  The product liability arena is a good place to start. This bill will give some relief to those who sell goods but have no role in their manufacture.  The injured party will be able to recover, but only from the company that caused the injury, that is, the company that made the product. Sellers will only be liable for those warranties they make, or if they commit some act of negligence regarding the product, or in the rare situation that the manufacturer cannot be sued or has no money to pay the damages.  This bill also relieves defendants of liability where the plaintiff was primarily responsible for his or her own injuries due to the use of alcohol or drugs. And, the manufacturer will have limited liability if the plaintiff has misused or altered the product. The bill also restores the element of punishment to punitive damages, by linking them to the economic harm caused.  And, it will eliminate the deep pocket lawsuits, where a defendant with a remote connection to the injuring event is held responsible for all the harm caused. For noneconomic damages, the bill provides for several, not joint, liability.  This bill also includes an important title on biomaterials access, an issue championed by Senator Lieberman and one which we included in our medical malpractice reform bill.  Excessive litigation is causing important suppliers of raw materials used in medical devices to withdraw their raw materials from the marketplace. The result is that individuals with rare medical disorders find themselves without access to lifesaving medical implants.  The bill will shield these raw materials suppliers from liability, where they can establish they had no involvement in the design or production of the medical device. Without this reform, the litigation system will bear the responsibility for the death and injuries of countless Americans. We cannot allow our runaway liability system to harm innocent people.  So, this is a good place to start the debate. We will have a number of amendments, including the addition of medical malpractice reform to this bill, as well as amendments to broaden the punitive damages and joint and several liability provisions, and some provisions from a bill I introduced earlier this session with Senator Abraham, on attorneys' fees and an early offer or rapid recovery mechanism.  This will be a watershed debate in the Senate. There will be many accusations thrown at the reformers this week. The opponents will charge that we reformers just want to deprive injured people of fair compensation. Nothing could be further from the truth. The proponents of reform want to give the American people what they deserve: a legal system that is rational and fair, one that is available when they need it to resolve disputes, and that has some predictability and certainty to it, affording the injured in our society fair and adequate compensation, and holding those truly responsible for the injuries properly accountable.  The American people will be watching us and waiting for results.  Again, Mr. President, I want to commend the Senator from Washington, Senator Gorton, the Senator from West Virginia, Senator Rockefeller, my colleague from Michigan, Senator Abraham, who has also been heavily involved in this issue and thank them for the contributions that they have made and to say I look forward with great anticipation to the week's debate on this most important subject.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  [[Page S5594]] 