 President, I wish to take just a moment to respond to the distinguished Senator from California [Mrs. Boxer], who has been working to achieve public hearings on the sexual misconduct case against Senator Packwood.  Mr. President, on July 10, several Senators wrote to me and the vice chairman urging the committee to convene public hearings. Several days later, my friend from California wrote to us on her own to inform us if the Ethics Committee had not voted to hold public hearings within a week of her July 14 letter, she would seek a vote of the full Senate on the issue of public hearings in the Packwood case.  Today, the Senator said that if the committee has not met by the close of business today, she will bring her legislation to the floor at the first opportunity next week.  Mr. President, I think I speak for all committee chairmen and chairwomen as well as previous chairmen and chairwomen when I say our committee schedule and agenda must not be dictated by another Senator. As strongly as the Senator from California believes there should be hearings in the Packwood case, I strongly believe that the Ethics Committee's timetable must not be set by a single Senator.  One thing is certain. The Ethics Committee will not meet today and will not schedule a future meeting today. We will not respond to any attempts to threaten the committee. If we open the door to that, in the future there could well be numerous efforts to bring ethics matters to the full Senate, and that is a dangerous road to take, Mr. President.  The committee would like to complete work on the Packwood case but perhaps everyone needs a cooling-off period. As long as Senator Boxer's threat remains, the cooling-off period will continue.  The one issue Senator Boxer and I agree upon is that the case before the committee is a serious one. It is one which has commanded the attention of committee members for countless hours over the last 2\1/2\ years. The committee members have labored long and hard, and they know much more about this case than any other Member of the Senate.  There is much to say about the Packwood case. Now is not the time to say it. I can assure my colleagues and the Senator from California that at the appropriate time, I will speak fully about the case and about the committee's work. At that time, I hope my colleagues will have a better understanding of the significance and the dimension of the matter.  The Senator's efforts are ill-informed and badly timed. After all, the committee lost practically a year in a legal dispute over obtaining Senator Packwood's diary as evidence in the case. If Senator Boxer takes us on another such frolic and detour, it will only further distract us and prevent us from concluding this important case, and it will interfere with the Senate's agenda and the work the American people sent us here to do.  So if we find ourselves on the floor in the coming days debating legislation regarding hearings in the Packwood case or any other subject related to Ethics Committee procedures, I will be prepared, and I am sure others will be prepared, to discuss and debate congressional action on misconduct cases in the past and other relevant issues.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  