 President, I indicated earlier I think we can see the light at the end of the tunnel in terms of the lobby disclosure bill. The Senator from Michigan indicated Friday afternoon, as he has further indicated this morning, his willingness to make some adjustments that I think move us a long way toward a truly bipartisan lobby disclosure bill.  The Senator from Michigan indicated that he is willing to double the threshold in terms of definition of a lobbyist from 20 percent of time spent over 6 months. That is something we are actively discussing now at the staff level in the hope of resolving it. The Senator from Michigan is also willing to double the threshold for registration and reporting by organizations. That certainly is a step in the right direction of protecting people's ability to petition the Congress. And the Senator from Michigan is making further efforts to clarify the grassroots lobbying communication exemption. Of course, that is critically important. These folks have constitutional rights, too, and deserve not to have them walked on by the Congress.  In addition to that, I think an important step in the right direction is the elimination of a new Government agency. Frankly, Mr. President, the last thing we need to do in this almost $5 trillion debt environment is to create yet another Government agency with yet more responsibility. It seems to me, the whole thrust of the 103d Congress is to go in the direction of less government. And clearly this bill ought to be consistent with that.  Mr. President, let me say that I think we need to reform our lobby registration and disclosure laws. I think we are on the threshold of being able to accomplish that in a way that does not unduly interfere with the rights of citizens, whether they are paid or not paid, to petition the Government because the courts make no distinction. You do not waive your constitutional rights because you are paid to represent a group that may be too busy to come to Washington. That is what lobbyists largely do, represent American citizens who choose not to become experts on legislation and employ someone else to speak for them. There is nothing un-American about that. Under the Constitution, we have the obligation not to interfere with this constitutional right to express ourselves that each of us enjoy.  Mr. President, with regard to the original bill, S. 101, the bill had set up a new Government agency. As I said earlier, we commend the Senator from Michigan for discarding that. It seems to me that clearly was not a good idea, and that moves us in the direction of passing this legislation.  The original bill, in my view, would have chilled the exercise of constitutional rights, and would have caused some who were inclined to contact the Congress with their views to simply refrain from doing so because of the fear of prosecution. The disclosure and reporting requirements in the original bill were clearly elaborate, and apply to virtually anyone with business before the Congress. And that would have the effect of keeping people from expressing their views to us. From my perspective, that is exactly the wrong message to be sending to the American people. We should welcome them to Washington. We should be glad to receive their views. We should not be making it so difficult for people to communicate with Congress that they choose to stay home and avoid telling us how they feel.  Third, the original bill, it seems to me, had some difficulties with regard to creating a patchwork of lobby regulations. It contained a host of exemptions that did not make sense. For example, why are public officials exempt? If the American people have a right to know how much the American Soft Drink Association, for example, spends on lobbying, then why not the city of New York, the State of California, or the U.S. Conference of Mayors?  Fourth, the original bill touched on grassroots activity. That goes down a road we do not need to go. And the Senator from Michigan is trying to make adjustments to clear that up. I commend him for that. We are working on that at the staff level as we speak to try to further clarify where we may be on that so that we can move forward with a compromise.  I have been working on an alternative. My alternative is clear and consistent. And most importantly, it is simple and will get those who lobby Congress registered so the public knows who is influencing public policy. Let me explain what the alternative I may propose would do.  First, the main problem with the lobby law is that it only reaches contacts with Members of Congress. Clearly, we all agree that those groups and individuals who contact Congress for the purpose of influencing matters pending before Congress, even if they contact staff, should be registered. So our alternative would apply to those who make more than a single contact with legislative branch officials on behalf of a client for the purpose of influencing any pending matter before Congress. And any pending matter means more than legislate. It means oversight hearings, investigations, and anything that is within the jurisdiction of a Member of Congress. The definition of lobbyist also includes the preparation and planning for lobbying meetings.  But where we disagree with the Senator from Michigan, at least in his original version, is the amount of time spent on lobbying that it takes to meet the definition of lobbyists. The Senator from Michigan has moved in our direction. I want to commend him again for that by raising the threshold to 20 percent of his or her time lobbying, therefore bringing you within the scope of the bill. Our concern is that such a definition could catch within its net those who work outside of Washington who have very limited contacts with Congress. So the definition I would prefer is to set the threshold at 25 percent. But obviously we are not too far apart here, a difference between 20 and 25 percent; that is, someone who spends one-quarter of his or her time, or a substantial part of his or her professional life, lobbying would then fall within the requirements of the alternative.  Another major difference is the scope of our bill. Senator Levin's original bill would reach executive branch lobbying as well as Congress. To accomplish that, Senator Levin in his original bill created a new Federal agency to enforce and administer the law. We part company with the need to address the executive branch lobbying and the establishment of a new Government agency to enforce the new law.  Now the Senator from Michigan has taken a different tack on that at this point, and I am pleased he has. I think that certainly makes it much more likely we can finish up this legislation on a bipartisan basis. As I indicated earlier, the American people did not send us here to create more Federal Government, and the movement away from it is certainly welcomed, certainly by me and I think many on both sides of the aisle.  The Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House are well suited to continue receiving lobby registration forms. These offices can improve the dissemination of this information, making it more user friendly for the public. That is what our alternative aims to do.  As far as the executive branch coverage, an item we are still discussing here as we hope to work this matter out, my view is it is just not necessary. Contacts with the executive branch are highly regulated under the Administrative Procedure Act. Regulations are formulated by a very detailed process that allows interested parties to participate. And Congress always has oversight and legislative power over regulations issued by Aencies. Administrative adjudication is also a formal process.  Moreover, we know from the experience of the health care task force run by the First Lady that efforts by the executive branch to make policy in secret generally backfire anyway. And a legal challenge has resulted in that particular case in all of that information becoming public.  So, Mr. President, from our point of view, we should clean up our own house. Let us get the right coverage of lobbyists who lobby us here in the Congress. Let us get information related to their work properly available and disclosed to the public. Let us not make registration and disclosure so cumbersome that we signal to the American people that their voices are simply not welcome here in Washington. We want their input. We encourage Americans to join organizations that represent their views, and we hope they will let us know what they think.  When James Madison wrote Federalist No. 10, he envisioned a competition of ideas from, as he put it, ``factions.'' Today, we would call those factions lobbyists. We who are elected to represent our constituents are called upon to build consensus among the various factions. Where we are unable to build consensus, we are called upon to choose from among the competing ideas put forward by the lobbyists or, if you will, the factions.  So there is nothing wrong with lobbying. It is not an evil thing. It was envisioned by the Framers. It is part of our Constitution's first amendment which protects free speech and petitioning the Government with grievances.  And finally, while lobbying is an honorable profession, we want to make sure that those who abuse the public trust they hold as lobbyists are punished for their misdeeds. We propose to let the U.S. attorney prosecute those who violate the law. The first offense would be subject to civil sanctions and subsequent offenses would be subject to criminal penalties. We want lobbyists to register; we want their activities disclosed, but let us not chill protected constitutional rights in the process.  Mr. President, the discussions on this matter are proceeding. And again, let me say we are hoping we can achieve at least close to a consensus on the lobby disclosure bill which we can pass by an overwhelming margin sometime later today or tonight.  Mr. President, I do not see anyone else wishing to address the Senate. Therefore, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Grassley). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  