 President, let me say in conclusion on the Cohen amendment, I think Senator Kerry will be here shortly to, as well, offer an amendment upon which a rollcall will be required.  Mr. D'AMATO. Mr. President, I rise to discuss with the chairman of the subcommittee an issue of importance regarding the opening of offices for the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Secret Service in the triborder area of Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay. This area has been identified as extremely dangerous with criminal and terrorist elements running rampant in the area. Today's organized terrorist and criminal organizations are international in nature and the presence of these agencies is of paramount importance to the security of the United States and its elected officials. The subcommittee, in its deliberations saw the preponderance of these criminal activities and appropriated funds for the establishment and maintenance of offices for both agencies. The bill in its current form allocates $5 million for both agencies to establish and maintain offices. It is my understanding that this appropriation is to be split evenly between the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Secret Service, $2.5 million per agency. I realize that this was the intent of the subcommittee and I merely wanted the opportunity to ensure that the Record accurately reflects this appropriation.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, the Senator from New York is correct, and I thank him for his concern. This appropriation is intended to fund the establishment and maintenance of offices for the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Secret Service. The intent of the subcommittee is for these funds to be split evenly between the two agencies. I understand the ambiguity of the wording in the bill and I hope this dialog will answer any questions or uncertainties.  Mr. D'AMATO. I thank my friend and colleague for that clarification. I feel the importance and immediacy of filling these law enforcement positions should not be delayed to bureaucratic debate on the amount of funds awarded to the different agencies.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  