 President, my friend and colleague from Kentucky has offered an amendment which as it relates to the Senate codifies existing policy. It is not possible, it is my understanding, under Senate rules, for a Member of the Senate to convert frequent flier mileage acquired as a result of Government travel to personal use.  So, Mr. President, my assumption is that the amendment is designed to establish such a policy for the other body, and it is my view, and I think the Senator from Kentucky might--he can speak for himself--have objected to the House passing a Senate rule when he was chairman of the Rules Committee. Maybe he would not have. But it is my view that since the Senate has already curbed this problem--I am not sure exactly when the rule was adopted--it would be best that we not use this vehicle that Senator Grassley and Senator Lieberman have been working so hard on to impose a standard on the House that it may well adopt for itself at a time of its own choosing.  But this issue of the use of frequent flier miles acquired as a result of the expenditure of taxpayers' dollars to provide travel for Senators going back and forth to their States has long since been solved. It is not a problem in the Senate.  One concern I do have about the particular crafting of the amendment by my friend and colleague from Kentucky is that I gather the money saved by his amendment would accrue to ``the Government.'' Under the current system, it is my understanding that the frequent flier mileage accrued goes to the office of the Senator; it is assigned to that particular office and then, of course, can be used to defray travel for the Senator back and forth to his State, thereby saving the taxpayers money.  So it seems to me better if we continue the policy of allowing the Senator to accumulate these miles for his own Government travel back and forth to his State, thereby saving taxpayers money for that particular office.  That is essentially my point, Mr. President, in offering this second-degree amendment. It is to simply limit the operation to the Senate, because basically that is already our policy, and to refrain from seeking to establish this standard for the House because I think they are not likely to take kindly to our advice about how they ought to handle this matter.  Let me just briefly go over a short statement here that outlines what I have said extemporaneously.  The Senate abides by travel regulations promulgated by the Senate Rules Committee. These travel regulations prohibit using frequent flier miles accrued from official business for personal use. They do allow the office which accrued the miles to use them for additional travel. Thus, the Senate regulations save the taxpayers money by allowing Senators to use accrued frequent flier miles to fly back and forth to our respective States.  To the extent that the Ford amendment codifies existing Senate policy, I would argue that it is probably not necessary because that is already our policy. But a consequence of the amendment of my friend may be that the frequent flier miles would be wasted and unusable.  Under our current regulations, as I just outlined earlier, bonus miles accrue to the office that pays for the ticket. That office may then use the accrued miles for additional official travel.  The amendment of my colleague would have the miles accrued to ``the Government.'' The airlines, as I understand it, do not allow the pooling of bonus miles, not by private citizens and not by Government agencies. So if an office with accrued miles must turn them over to ``the Government,'' those miles would in all likelihood be lost. The result would be an increase potentially in the cost of Government to the taxpayers.  Finally, just let me reiterate what I said earlier, that I hope we would not try to impose our longstanding rule on the House. It seems to me that they are not likely to respond to that kindly and may well deal with this issue at a time of their choosing.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  