President, today I introduce the Graduate Medical Education, GME, Reform Act, along with my colleague Senator Kyl. This legislation is a continuation of my longstanding efforts to support our future health care workforce and improve patient care.  While there are a variety of initiatives to support the education and training of physicians, none are more substantial than the GME funding provided by Medicare. This program either directly or indirectly supports every single physician trained in this country. No other Federal or State program can claim this credit.  Unfortunately, the size of the program has led some to propose its funding be cut and redirected toward deficit reduction. The President's Fiscal Commission, the Domenici-Rivlin plan, and even some Members of Congress have made this recommendation. Reducing GME funding by the levels specified in these proposals could be devastating to training programs.  These proposals stem from an assertion by the congressionally authorized Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, MedPAC, that teaching hospitals are overpaid for the education and training they currently provide residents, and that GME funding should be better used to align residency training with key improvements in our health care delivery system. However, the Fiscal Commission and the Rivlin-Domenici plan ignored the latter aspect of MedPAC's recommendation. MedPAC did not recommend removing GME funding from the system. Instead, MedPAC suggested Congress should make teaching hospitals more accountable for the GME funding they currently receive. In MedPAC's proposal, all GME funding would stay in the system to help support and improve medical education and training.  The legislation we are introducing today aligns closely with MedPAC's proposal for greater accountability by teaching hospitals and enhanced effectiveness in the use of GME funding, but with some key changes. One such change would enable hospitals to compete for additional GME funding in order to provide a greater incentive for teaching hospitals to improve their programs.  Teaching hospitals incur higher costs than other hospitals. They invest in the newest technologies and employ the physician supervisors most qualified to train our future doctors. Moreover, as a result of the new health care reform law, many of these hospitals, physician supervisors, and residents will treat an influx of patients beginning in 2014. GME funding is critical to building and sustaining our health care infrastructure and future health care workforce.  It is critical that GME funding remain intact, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't use this opportunity to encourage these programs to do more to better train residents in: primary care delivery, a variety of settings and systems, care coordination, and how to work in inter-professional and multi-disciplinary teams. The new oversight provided for in the GME Reform Act would help to break down the silos in medicine and ensure that physicians work together to provide patients with comprehensive health care.  In addition, the legislation would enhance GME payment transparency, which we hope will help prove to the skeptics that this funding serves a critical purpose.  I am particularly pleased that the Association of American Medical Colleges has expressed support for legislation. While the organization would prefer this legislation be included as part of an overall effort to increase the number of residents trained each year, which I also support, I believe we must begin a dialogue about a sensible and thoughtful approach to improving GME accountability and transparency. I hope my colleagues will take careful look at our legislation, and I look forward to working with them on this important issue.  