President, I rise today, along with my colleague from Rhode Island, to pay tribute to SGT Dennis Weichel, a Rhode Islander who served in the Rhode Island National Guard.  On March 22, Sergeant Weichel was in a convoy with his unit in Laghman Province, Afghanistan. Some children were in the road and Sergeant Weichel and other troops got out to move the children to safety. Most of the children moved out of the way, but one little girl went back to the road. As an MRAP approached, Sergeant Weichel pulled her out of the vehicle's path, but in doing so he was hit by the vehicle. He was medically evacuated to Jalalabad Medical Treatment Facility, where a surgical team worked to stabilize him. But, tragically, he died from his injuries. Because of his heroic actions, the little girl he saved was unharmed in the accident. He will be laid to rest this Monday in Rhode Island, a hero--someone who exemplifies the qualities of the American soldier: selfless sacrifice for others.  Sergeant Weichel joined the National Guard in 2001. He was posthumously promoted to sergeant. He previously deployed to Iraq as a member of Detachment 2, Headquarters, Headquarters Company, 3rd Battalion, of the 172nd Infantry, Mountain. In November 2011, he mobilized for deployment to Afghanistan with the 1st Battalion, 143rd Infantry Regiment.  Each generation of Americans is called upon to protect and sustain our democracy, and there are no greater heroes than the men and women who have worn the uniform of our Nation and who have sacrificed for our country to keep it safe and to keep it free.  It is our duty to protect the freedom they sacrificed their lives for through our service, our citizenship. We must continue to keep their memories alive and honor their heroism, not simply by words but by our deeds as citizens of this country.  Today our thoughts are with Sergeant Weichel's mother Linda, his father Dennis, brother Craig, his sisters Christine and Charlene, his children Nicholas and Hope and their mother Amanda, and his fiancee Ashley and their daughter Madison, and all his family and friends and his comrades-in-arms. We join them in commemorating his sacrifice and honoring his example of selfless service, of love, of courage, and of devotion to the soldiers with whom he served and the people of Afghanistan he was trying to help.  Sergeant Weichel is one among many Rhode Islanders who have proven their loyalty, their integrity, and their personal courage by giving the last full measure of their lives in service to our country in Afghanistan, in Iraq, and elsewhere around the globe and throughout the years. Today we honor his memory and all those who have served and sacrificed as he did.  Sergeant Weichel joins a roll of honor that includes the following Rhode Islanders killed since September 11, 2001:  SPC Dennis Poulin, Army National Guard; SGT Michael Paranzino, Army; PFC Kyle Coutu, Marine Corps; LTJG Francis L. Toner, IV, Navy; PO3 Ronald A. Gill, Jr., Coast Guard; SGT Michael R. Weidemann, Army; SGT Moises Jazmin, Army; SSG Dale James Kelly, Jr., Army National Guard; SGT Brian R. St. Germain, Marine Corps; SGT Dennis J. Flanagan, Army; 2LT Matthew S. Coutu, Army; LCPL Holly A. Charette, Marine Corps; SSG Christopher S. Potts, Army National Guard; LCPL John J. Van Gyzen, IV, MarineCorps; CPT Christopher S. Cash, Army; LCPL Matthew K. Serio, Marine Corps; MSG Richard L. Ferguson, Army; SFC Curtis Mancini, Army Reserve; CPT Matthew J. August, Army; CW5 Sharon T. Swartworth, Army; SPC Michael Andrade, Army National Guard; SGT Charles T. Caldwell, Army National Guard; SSG Joseph Camara, Army National Guard; and SGT Gregory A. Belanger, Army Reserve.  All of these men and women have given their lives in the last decade in Afghanistan and Iraq. It is a roll of honor. It is a roll that Sergeant Weichel joins. It should be, for us, a roll not just to recognize and remember but to recommit to trying in some small way to match their great sacrifice for this great Nation.  With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.  