No one is as knowledgeable in education programs as he, the former Secretary of Education, and someone who has a deep commitment to education, not only with respect to his remarks on charter schools but on education in all ways. But he refers to what the House has done. The House, in the Ryan budget, maintains this increase, this doubling of the interest rate. They foresaw, anticipated, and supported the increase to 6.8 percent. Only recently have they apparently had a change of heart and decided that is not appropriate.  The other aspect I think is interesting to note about the House is they have proposed significant reductions in tax rates and they have said they would pay for them by closing loopholes. This is one of the most egregious loopholes that you can find and yet, of course, they will not use this to pay for something which makes a great deal of sense--which they now agree there should be no doubling of the student interest rate.  The Senator is absolutely right, this doubling will not apply to loans that are outstanding. It applies to loans going forward. But if we establish the principle which was embedded in the Ryan House budget, which I think was supported by most, if not all, of my colleagues on the other side, that this rate is going to be doubled to 6.8 percent going forward, that is going to have a significant impact on students who have years to go in college and on people who are contemplating going to college. So the $6 or $7 it may be per month becomes significant overall.  Again, we can get into a discussion about where does this money come from ultimately in terms of was it part of funds for health care, et cetera. But we are facing the choice today of helping students and closing an egregious loophole--one that benefits the wealthiest Americans; it has been criticized by the Wall Street Journal, criticized by Robert Novak, the late columnist--or practically going in and targeting prevention programs. I think we conceptually agree if we don't get a handle on prevention of diabetes, of cancer, of diseases that are costing us billions of dollars, then our task to deal with health care will be immensely more difficult. It is very clear.  What is also very clear is, I think, procedurally the answer is quite straightforward. Let's get on to the bill. Let us go ahead and put these two different proposals on the floor and take a vote. I hope the proposal to close the loophole would pass. But if it did not, at least we would be in a position of preventing the doubling of interest rates on student loans.  With great respect to the Senator from Tennessee, I hope we can move forward, have a vote on the different proposals to pay for it, and then move forward and let people know that their rates will not be doubled.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Franken). The Senator from Oregon.  