President, if I could reclaim my time, the Senator has been a tremendous leader on this issue because he leads from the front. He is in Ohio. He is talking to students and families. He understands the personal ramifications that are involved.  Let there be no mistake. This is a program that benefits middle and lower middle-income Americans. Nearly 60 percent of the dependent students who qualify for subsidized loans come from families with incomes of less than $60,000. This is not a perk for the superwealthy. Nearly 70 percent of independent students--that is the term of art for those adults or older people who may have some previous training but they have to go back to the community college to get a certificate and are trying to transition from a job that was shipped overseas to one they think they can get here.  Nearly 70 percent of independent students borrowing these loans have incomes of less than $30,000 a year. So we are talking about people who cannot afford a doubling of the interest rate.  But there is another issue too. It is not just, as Senator Brown pointed out, to fulfill legitimate and, in fact, admirable personal ambitions of establishing oneself in a community by buying a home or raising a family; this is about our future, our productivity as a nation, our ability to compete in an incredibly difficult international, global economy.  We have looked at the statistics at universities such as Georgetown University. Their Center for Education and the Workforce said over 60 percent of the jobs by 2018--a few years from now--will require some postsecondary education--60 percent. But in 2010, only 38 percent, roughly, of working adults held a 2-year or 4-year degree. So we have this gap, a 20-percentage point gap, between the skills we need through postsecondary education and the skills we have. We hear not just from analytical papers that are done by think tanks; we hear it every time we go back to either Ohio or Rhode Island because employers come up to us and say: I have jobs to fill, but I can't find people with the skills, the training that I need to give them a job.  