. Postal Service has been a valued institution since the earliest days of our Republic. Today, the Postal Service accounts for millions of jobs nationwide. It is essential that we have a viable and effective Postal Service in the long term. Unfortunately, the Postal Service is currently facing critical financial challenges that have been brought on by a number of factors, including the movement to electronic forms of communication. This situation requires immediate attention of Congress.  The bill we are voting on today, the 21st Century Postal Service Act, is not perfect. I am particularly disappointed that the Senate did not agree to an amendment that I supported that would have preserved 6-day delivery, and I am concerned that a permanent switch to 5-day delivery could lead to the further erosion of jobs and the undermining of the Postal Service. However, it is clear that we cannot afford to do nothing. Congressional inaction, coupled with the extreme measures being pushed by the Postal Service's leadership, will result in drastic changes that would seriously undermine our Nation's mail system, beginning with the closure of a number of post offices and mail processing facilities across the country. I am concerned that the changes sought by the Postal Service's leadership will severely undermine the Postal Service's long-term viability and threaten thousands of good jobs. We cannot allow that to happen.  The 21st Century Postal Service Act includes a number of important provisions designed to put the Postal Service back on solid footing. It will allow for the refunding of overpayments by the Postal Service to the Federal Employees Retirement System and easethe prefunding requirement for the Postal Service's retiree health benefits. It also strengthens the review process for closing post offices and facilities and encourages innovation by the Postal Service to improve its business model with the goal of returning to profitability.  I am also concerned that the version of postal reform legislation that is eventually passed by the House of Representatives could prove to be very damaging. When the Senate considers the final version of postal reform legislation that is negotiated by the two Chambers, I will carefully consider the changes that have been made before lending my support to its passage.  