President, twenty years ago, Brown University, located in my home State of Rhode Island, established the Leadership Alliance, a national academic consortium of leading research universities and minority serving institutions with the mission to develop underrepresented students into outstanding leaders and role models in academia, business, and the public sector. Brown University and its partner institutions have continued to address this pressing national need.  The National Research Council recently published a report titled ``Research Universities and the Future of America'' that included a call for ten ``breakthrough actions.'' Two of these actions involve reforming graduate education and creating pathways into the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) for women and underrepresented minorities. That is what the Leadership Alliance has been striving to do since 1992.  Through an organized program of research, networking and mentorship at critical transitions along the entire academic training pathway, the Leadership Alliance prepares young scientists and scholars from underrepresented and underserved populations for graduate training and professional apprenticeships. Leadership Alliance faculty mentors provide high quality, cutting-edge research experiences in all academic disciplines at the Nation's most competitive graduate training institutions and share insights into the nature of academic careers.  In the 20 years since its establishment, the Leadership Alliance has established a strong track record of success. More than half of the students who participated in the Summer Research Early Identification program enrolled in a graduate level program. Leadership Alliance institutions graduated approximately 25 percent of all doctorates in the biomedical sciences degrees to underrepresented minority students between 2004 and 2008, making it a leading consortium grantor of PhD degrees in the biomedical sciences in the United States.  Since founding the Leadership Alliance in 1992, Brown has mentored 386 scholars, of whom 35 percent have attained a graduate level degree. Nearly half of the students who participated in its Summer Research Early Identification program completed a graduate level degree. A majority of the Leadership Alliance doctoral degree recipients are in the STEM disciplines.  The Leadership Alliance is a model for identifying, training, and mentoring underrepresented minorities who are poised to expand and diversify the base of the 21st century workforce. I am pleased today to recognize the importance of such efforts and acknowledge the continued dedication of institutional leaders, faculty members, and administrators across the United States who provide training and mentoring of underrepresented students along the academic pathway. As such, I congratulate and commend the Leadership Alliance, including Brown University, for 20 years of contributing to creating a diverse and competitive research and scholarly workforce.  