President, I am joined by my colleague, Senator Brown of Ohio. We are extraordinarily apprehensive that in 45 days the interest rate on subsidized student loans will double in the United States. Young people and middle-aged people who are struggling to educate themselves and reeducate themselves will be faced with a tremendous increase in the cost of college and postsecondary education. The interest rate will go from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent. This is particularly ironic when the Federal Reserve routinely lends to large banking institutions huge sums of money at less than 1 percent. So this is a huge impact on middle-income Americans who are struggling with so many challenges: housing costs, employment problems--the whole plethora of issues they face.  It is estimated that more than 7 million students, including 43,000 in Rhode Island, will suffer because of this doubling that will take place. A lot of our colleagues have said: Of course we don't want to see this happen. I thought it was terribly ironic yesterday that they, with very few exceptions, voted consistently for budgets that would, in fact, double the student interest rate. In fact, one of the budgets they voted for previously, the Ryan budget from the House, would also eliminate the in-school interest subsidies for certain loans. So there is this incongruity between, oh, we are all for keeping interest rate low for students, but, of course, in our budget we double it.  There is another problem, and it has been reported in so many different national and local newspapers. There is a huge problem with student debt. We have reached the $1 trillion mark in student debt. This could be the next big, huge bubble we face financially. It certainly impairs the ability of young men and women when they graduate to go and take the job they want, to buy the house they want, because they are struggling with huge debts, and we are adding to that by doubling the interest rate.  This is a policy issue, but it is also an intensely personal issue. I received letters from many constituents about the potential impact, and I know Senator Brown from Ohio has as well. I wonder if the Senator has some comments at this point.  