President.  Today's Supreme Court ruling that the Affordable Care Act is constitutional and the law of the land is a victory, I believe, for Rhode Islanders and for all Americans. Families will no longer fear financial ruin if a child becomes seriously ill or face denial of health coverage due to a child's preexisting condition, and they will no longer have to worry that the terms of their coverage will run out as they are being treated after a major medical emergency.  Indeed, tonight, all Americans can sleep a little easier knowing they and their children will have access to quality, affordable health care. This is the type of security we want for our children and what this law will provide.  Indeed, for the first time in our history, parents can, with some confidence, trust that whatever lies ahead, their child at least will have access to affordable health care. We couldn't say that with any confidence a few years ago--even 2 years ago--before we took up this legislative activity.  This law has already benefited many people in Rhode Island, including individuals, families, and businesses. Children up to age 26 are now able to remain on their parents' health insurance plan. In Rhode Island, this has benefited an estimated 9,000 young adults and their parents. Over 15,000 Rhode Island seniors have saved a total of $14 million on prescription drugs since the law was enacted, an average of close to $600 annually. Seniors will continue to save on their prescription drug costs until the existing coverage gap is closed and will continue to have access to free preventive care such as annual wellness visits and screenings.  Rhode Islanders can now expect rebates if an insurance company spends too much on administrative costs and CEO bonuses instead of on their health care.  For too long, health insurance companies got away with increasing premiums and decreasing coverage, which resulted in higher costs and unfair practices. Beginning in 2014, Rhode Islanders will be able to purchase health insurance on a new exchange, a single point of entry where they can evaluate the costs and coverage of health insurance options. They will, indeed, for the first time for many Rhode Islanders, have a real choice about the health care they receive and the insurance they purchase. According to Families USA, 97,000 Rhode Islanders will have access to tax credits to make their coverage more affordable. Thousands more childless adults will gain coverage through the Medicaid Program.  Now that the Court has spoken, I hope we can work on a bipartisan basis to do what we must do, and that is to create jobs and improve our economy. This health care decision is a landmark decision, but the work now--the work of all of us--should be to reinvigorate our economy so that not only can people have confidence in their health care, but they can have the further and indeed very primary confidence that they will have meaningful work.  In that respect, I am glad Congress is poised to take action that will enable millions of students and families across the country to breathe a sigh of relief about the student loans they need to borrow for the upcoming academic year. Everyone, from every sector of the country, will tell us that the key to our future is higher education, that we cannot be competitive in a world economy unless we have the best educated students in this country, that we cannot be the powerful force we have been in the world unless we have education.  The key for so many jobs today is going on past high school into postsecondary education. Yet we are days away--unless we act--from doubling the loan interest rate we are charging our students.  There has been quite a bit of stalling tactics for months. I hope those tactics are over, as the July 1 deadline approaches. I hope we are soon to take action to prevent the doubling of the subsidized Stafford loan interest rate.  I would like to thank majority leader Harry Reid for his tireless efforts to negotiate a bipartisan solution. I also wish to recognize and thank three other individuals who were absolutely critical in this effort, who were leaders, without equivocation, with deep conviction; that is, Chairman Tom Harkin of the HELP Committee, who led with vigor throughout this effort; Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio, who has been committed to this effort; and also our colleague in the House of Representatives, Congressman Joe Courtney of Connecticut. They have been extraordinary.  Last January, Congressman Courtney and I introduced legislation to permanently extend the law that makes college loans more affordable for millions of students across the country.  President Obama called on Congress to address the student loan interest rate hike in his State of the Union Address. Back then, many Republicans scoffed at the idea. In fact, they voted for budgets that assumed the interest rate would double, and they did that without any apparent equivocation.  But thanks to students and families across the country who raised their voices and made themselves heard, my colleagues got the message: Fixing the student loan interest rate matters. It matters a great deal. It matters to individuals trying to build a better life for themselves. It matters to parents whose dream to give their kids a chance at a better life depends on being able to afford college. It matters to our shared economic future because the single most important investment we as a nation can make is to educate our young people.  So thanks to groups such as Campus Progress, USSA, U.S. PIRG, YoungInvincibles, and the Rebuild the Dream coalition that pushed this issue to the forefront where it belongs. The letters, e-mails, calls, visits, bus tours, and campus rallies made a difference.  We should soon be voting, I hope, to keep this student loan rate low for another year. However, it is important to remember this is only a temporary, short-term fix. Now we need to develop longer term solutions to the growing burden of student loan debt, the rising cost of college, and the need to improve higher education outcomes so students complete their degrees and get the full benefit of their investment in education.  These are tough issues, but we have to address them head on. Our economy and our future depends on addressing these issues.  It is estimated, for example, that more than 60 percent of the jobs will require some postsecondary education by the year 2018. In 2010, only 38 percent of working-age adults held a 2-year or 4-year degree. We have very few years to go from 40 percent to 60 percent. That gap represents the challenge we have in being a competitive economic force in the world. Certainly, if we are ever going to close that gap, we have to make sure we do not double the interest rate on Stafford loans, as a first step.  But, as I suggest, there are many other steps we must take. We have to address the rising cost of college. The cost of attending college has increased by 559 percent since 1985--559 percent--rising far faster than costs for gasoline, health care, and other consumer items.  Keeping student loans affordable and interest rates low is one part of the solution. Providing more grant aid through Pell grants and other programs is another.  We need to call on institutions to do their part to keep costs in check. Yes, the college community has to rally around this and has to think of innovative ways to provide excellent education at a lower cost, a more affordable cost. States have to play a role too. When State support for higher education goes down, tuition goes up. The crises of so many States--real crises, difficult crises--have forced them to reduce their support for higher education, and the result, as I suggest, has been tuitions climb, and that is another burden middle America and middle-class, middle-income families are bearing.  I look forward to working with my colleagues on developing a comprehensive approach to addressing these issues.  Also, I would just like to say, I hope we are on the verge--at least for the next year--of avoiding a doubling of interest rates on student loans. We have a long way to go to ensure that every American with talent and drive and the skills has the means to go to college. This is an important first step. There are many more we must take, and I hope we do that very quickly.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Franken). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  