 President, I rise to address a provision in the Energy and Water appropriations conference report, which requires the Bureau of Reclamation to produce a special report analyzing costs and benefits associated with constructing an Auburn Dam.  As part of that report, I believe it is critical that the Secretary of the Interior should utilize the expertise of U.S. Geological Survey to produce an up-to-date assessment of the seismic hazards associated with Auburn Dam.  I would also like to make it clear that this Auburn study cannot become a distraction from the vital work that needs to be done right away to protect Sacramento from a tragic flood.  I am deeply concerned with the lack of adequate flood protection for Sacramento. Sacramento is the only major United States city without 100-year flood protection.  The Army Corps of Engineers has reviewed six other major flood-prone cities: New Orleans, St. Louis, Dallas, Kansas City, Omaha, and Tacoma. All of these cities have at least 200-year flood protection.  Our top priority has to be to quickly shore up levees and improve Folsom Dam to protect Sacramento from a 200-year flood. Until this is complete, 300,000 people are at risk from catastrophic flood.  With respect to the conference provision, there are other issues involved with Auburn Dam, such as who would pay for the project, and the potential environmental effects of flooding 50 miles of the American River. But today I would like to focus on the seismic risk issue.  This is not the first time that building an Auburn Dam has been proposed. In the late 1960s construction began on an Auburn Dam. Construction continued, and $200 million was spent, until 1975, when an earthquake occurred nearby on a previously unknown fault. This earthquake forced a reexamination of the risks involved.  According to a 1980 Bureau of Reclamation report, if an earthquake caused the Auburn Dam to fail, Folsom Dam would be overtopped by a water surge only minutes later.  Most of the Sacramento area, an area inhabited by 750,000 people, would be flooded in a matter of hours, making evacuation difficult. Floodwater would be fast-moving and as deep as 40 feet, destroying houses and lowering chances of rooftop survival.  The risk of earthquake and its effects, which stopped construction back then, has not gone away. That's why it is so critical that Congress know what the risks are, and take this into consideration when deciding whether to go forward with this dam.  It has now been 30 years since work at the proposed site was halted, and as a result, the seismic risk assessments are out-of-date.  The most recent comprehensive study of seismic hazard issues associated with the dam project was produced by the U.S. Geological Survey in 1996, nearly 10 years ago. Even when this report was written, the science of seismic hazard assessment had already progressed considerably since most of the data on the dam project were collected in the 1970s.  The report called for additional study and analysis, much of which was never undertaken. This need for study and analysis still exists.  The Auburn Dam, if constructed, would sit on part of the Foothills fault system. The faults in the area of the proposed dam site are currently considered inactive, but were active in the past. The U.S. Geological Survey should use the best science available to evaluate past earthquakes, as well as the potential for future earthquakes, in the vicinity of the proposed dam.  One potential risk comes from a ``reservoir triggered earthquake.'' Filling a reservoir is well-established as a potential trigger for seismic activity. Even inactive faults may experience seismic events after reservoirs are built on top of them.  The weight and pressure of the water in the reservoir increases stress and weakens the effective strength of the rock. Water seeps into fissures and pores in the rock, and may lubricate faults, allowing movement even in some cases where friction would have held dry rock in place.  It has been suggested that the Oroville earthquake, a Richter scale magnitude 5.8 earthquake that occurred in 1975, may have been caused by filling the reservoir behind the Oroville Dam. The Auburn Dam, if constructed, would be built along the same fault system as the Oroville Dam.  Many other instances of these ``reservoir triggered earthquakes'' have been studied around the world. Recent global reviews list nearly 100 sites where filling reservoirs may have triggered seismic activity.  These studies show that the increased risk of earthquakes may last for years after a reservoir is filled. Both flood-control-only and permanent-waterstorage dams entail some risk.  The 1996 U.S. Geological Survey report for Auburn took this possibility very seriously. The report devoted a lengthy section to its consideration, and called for additional study.  The new report must address this issue. This is essential information that will influence Congress's decision on whether to proceed beyond preliminary feasibility studies. Do my colleagues agree?  