 It is signed by numerous chiefs of police and major law enforcement entities.  The American Bar Association states in their letter of opposition:       S. 397 would preempt State substantive legal standards for      most negligence and product liability actions for this one      industry, abrogating State law in cases in which the      defendant is a gun manufacturer, gun seller, or gun trade      association, and would insulate this new class of protected      defendants from almost all ordinary civil liability actions.  It goes on to say:       There is no evidence that Federal legislation is needed or      justified. There is no hearing record in Congress or other      evidence to contradict the fact that the State courts are      handling their responsibilities competently in this area of      the law.  So all those people who believe in States rights are taking States rights away for the National Rifle Association.  The American Bar Association also says:       There is no data of any kind to support claims made by the      industry that it is incurring extraordinary costs due to      litigation, that it faces a significant number of suits, or      that current State law is in any way inadequate. The Senate      has not examined the underlying claims of the industry about      State tort cases, choosing not to hold a single hearing on S.      397 or its predecessor bills in the two previous Congresses.  That is amazing to me. It continues:       Proponents of this legislation cannot, in fact, point to a      single court decision, final judgment, or award that has been      paid out that supports their claims of a crisis. All evidence      points to the conclusion that State legislatures and State      courts have been and are actively exercising their      responsibilities in this area of law with little apparent      difficulty.  This letter goes on and again concludes this is going to be the only industry in the United States with this kind of immunity. There is no crisis that merits this. There is no hearing record that documents the need. This really worries me.  Maybe I am biased because I have been a mayor, because I have seen what happens on the streets. I have seen how guns are misused. I have seen the threats that criminals with a firearm can be. I have watched, over the years, as firearms have grown much more sophisticated. Their killing power is greatly enhanced. The copycat, or the civilian version, of the 16--the .50 caliber weapon now that is out there--can send a bullet as large as my hand from Arlington Cemetery into the Capitol. Don't you think how those weapons are sold and distributed should prevent negligence? I do.  I guess in all my years in this body I have never been more disillusioned about how we proceed or why we proceed. We have the PATRIOT Act that is ready to come to the floor, and we are doing this. We have an asbestos bill that is ready to come to the floor, and we are doing this. I am ranking on Military Construction appropriations. We have passed out a military construction bill with $70 billion in it for veterans benefits, and we are doing this. There are a number of other appropriations bills that are ready for floor action. The conference on the Energy bill just concluded, and we are doing this. The Calendar of Business contains 100 items ready for Senate floor action, and we are doing this. There is no hearing record for the previous two Congresses. More than 50 law professors point out this is a giveaway to one special industry that no other industry enjoys in the United States of America, and 30,000 people a year are killed with firearms in this country. I find it extraordinarily disillusioning.  I know we are going to lose on the motion to proceed. The latest is that we are not even going to have a vote. It will be voice-voted because it is so ironclad that this bill is going to swim through. And then we will watch them try to stop us from putting any amendments on the bill. It is a sad day in the Senate. It is a regretful day. It is an extraordinarily disillusioning day.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  