 President, I rise today in support of the fiscal year 2006 Energy and Water appropriations conference report.  One of the most important things about this conference report is a program that it does not fund. The Robust Nuclear Earth Penetrator--also known as the ``bunker buster''--is not funded in this bill. I am proud that Congress--for the second year in a row--has stated clearly and unambiguously that we should not spend taxpayer dollars on this program. I hope the administration gets the message and does not request funding for developing this new generation of nuclear weapons next year.  This conference report includes $327 million for the National Ignition Facility at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. This funding means that construction of the National Ignition Facility, NIF, can continue. When it is completed in a few years, the NIF will help keep the United States nuclear weapons stockpile reliable, without facing the dangers of underground nuclear testing. A completed NIF is a key component of the National Nuclear Security Administration's Stockpile Stewardship Program to maintain the safety, reliability, and effectiveness of our Nation's nuclear stockpile. There are also many California-specific needs met in this bill. city  I am pleased that the conference report provides $37 million for the Federal-State partnership for California Bay-Delta Restoration, CalFed. The CalFed reauthorization took considerable effort on the part of many in Congress, but that effort has paid off, in this, the first authorized CalFed appropriations in 5 years. I am grateful to Senator Domenici and Senator Reid for providing $2 million over the President's Budget request for this program in the Senate bill and I am pleased that this allocation was maintained in conference with the House.  These funds will contribute to the much needed improvement of California's water supply infrastructure and protection of aquatic ecosystems. Among the elements of a balanced CalFed program that are in progress are feasibility studies on the enlargement of several reservoirs, improved water conveyance, ecosystem restoration, and water quality projects. The improvements we make to California's water infrastructure now will head off a supply crisis with water, similar to the one we faced with energy a few years ago.  This conference report inc1udes funding for specific flood control priorities in California. My State faces a number of significant flood threats. The city of Sacramento, the surrounding areas like Marysville and Rancho Cordova, and the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta face some of the greatest flood danger in the Nation. Currently, much of Sacramento is below 100-year flood protection. This legislation allocates $39 million to improve flood control in Sacramento and provides funding to ensure that other regional flood control projects are ready to go to construction next year.  While the funds in this bill are a good start, I will continue to seek additional funding to protect the Sacramento metropolitan area from catastrophic flooding.  The conference report also includes $5 million for Upper Newport Bay Restoration. Upper Newport Bay is the largest functioning full tidal wetland in southern California. However, the bay's ability to sustain wildlife is threatened due to decades of increasing sedimentation related to rapid urbanization of the watershed. As a result, open water areas are disappearing in the bay, tidal circulation has diminished, and shoaling is occurring within Federal and local navigation channels and slips. This project will restore degraded habitat and reestablish wetland and wildlife habitat areas.  I am also pleased that the conference report includes $61.65 million, $11.65 million above the President's Budget request, for the Santa Ana River Mainstem Project. These funds will construct flood control improvements to protect over 3 million people in Orange, Riverside, and San Bernardino counties.  One issue that concerns me in this conference report is a requirement for the Bureau of Reclamation to complete a special report to update the analysis of costs and associated benefits of the Auburn Dam on the American River. I am concerned that the reporting requirements do not include an updated assessment of the risks of an earthquake, risks that are serious enough to have caused the termination of earlier work on the Auburn Dam in 1975.  I again want to express my congratulations to Chairman Domenici and Senator Reid and want to thank them for the level of support given to California in this conference report.  (At the request of Mr. Reid, the following statement was ordered to be printed in the Record.) 