 We have watched these same troops courageously carry out their missions in Iraq and Afghanistan.  We ask so much of our military and we all recognize we can never adequately repay our debt of gratitude to them. That said, we as Senators have both the opportunity and the responsibility to ensure programs important to our military forces and our veterans are adequately funded.  As Senator Hutchison has said, the bill before the Senate today is a bipartisan effort to provide a portion of that funding for the infrastructure needs of our military and the health care and other needs of our veterans.  I want to emphasize the bipartisan nature of this bill and to especially commend the chairman, Senator Hutchison, for her skill and her determination--and she can be very determined--in addressing the budgetary complications posed by merging the massive and troubled budget of the VA into the military construction appropriations bill.  In that respect, when we had hearings, it was interesting to see that Senator Craig came, Senator Akaka came, Senator Murray came, the former authorizers, as well as appropriators when the VA was in another budget.  I hope veterans all over the United States recognize how deeply this Senate does care that the VA budget is adequately funded. It was a struggle, but we got there and we got there together. That was thanks to the authorizers and the appropriators and the former appropriators, including my friend Senator Mikulski, for working closely with us.  This bill is notable in several regards. First, under the leadership of Chairman Cochran and Senator Byrd, we were able to provide $1.977 billion in emergency funding to address the projected shortfall in veterans health care. This was originally disputed, but the authorizers found that the percentage of increase in the planning model was wrong. Therefore, additional moneys were, in fact, needed. That was in addition to the $1.5 billion in the 2005 supplemental funding we were able to add to the 2006 Interior appropriations bill to make up the current shortfall in veterans health care funding. So it was a double effort because money was also added on the Interior bill as well as on our bill.  At a time of tight budget constraints and many competing needs, the Senate Committee on Appropriations demonstrated it stands united in support of our veterans. I very much hope the full Senate and the House will stand by our committee's recommendation.  The bill before the Senate today totals $82.98 billion, of which $44 billion is discretionary. For military construction, the bill equals the budget request of $12.116 billion, although we have rearranged some of the funding within that request.  For the VA, the total amount appropriated in this bill is $70.7 billion, including $34.1 billion in discretionary spending and $36.6 billion in mandatory spending. This is $3.2 billion above the President's original budget proposal.  Even before we learned of the terrible shortfalls in the VA budget, Chairman Cochran and Senator Byrd provided an additional $1.26 billion to the subcommittee to cover shortcomings in the President's budget request for the Department of Veterans Affairs. Senator Hutchison and I used that additional funding to restore proposed cuts to programs and to make up all the savings assumed in the budget submission for proposed enrollment fees and increased pharmaceutical copayments, as the chairman mentioned.  The Senate Committee on Appropriations unanimously rejected levying these fees on our veterans and provided funding to ensure that the VA could continue to provide service to all eligible veterans.  The bill also provides essential funding for military construction, military family housing, and base realignment and closure costs. Once again, Hurricane Katrina has demonstrated the vital mission of the Guard and Reserve forces to respond to disasters at home and the important backup role played by components of our Active-Duty Forces.  As any experienced military member will state, infrastructure is the key to readiness. Our troops can't train or deploy effectively without the infrastructure necessary to support their mission. This bill provides important funding for military infrastructure needs, including family housing. As the chairman mentioned in the privatization of a number of new projects, those needs will only increase as a result of the impact of Hurricane Katrina on a number of facilities and installations in Mississippi and Louisiana.  We must be prepared to meet those emerging requirements and others we may yet face, without slowing down the progress we are making toward addressing the backlog of military construction requirements nationwide. I suggest that a necessary place for some of this will be the next emergency supplemental rather than, hopefully, amendments to this bill.  Finally, this bill includes necessary funding to implement the 2005 base realignment and closure process and to continue the environmental cleanup from the previous BRAC rounds. This is very important to me. I thank the chairman for going along with it because the environmental cleanup needs are far beyond those envisioned or those budgeted.  Much of the remaining environmental cleanup requirements is in my home State of California. I am particularly mindful of the need to finish this job. Senator Hutchison has strongly supported me in this effort. I appreciate her concern that we fully fund environmental cleanup of military installations closed under the BRAC process.  Again, I thank Chairman Hutchison for her steadfast leadership on this bill, and Chairman Cochran and Senator Byrd for their unstinting support of our Nation's military members and veterans. I also thank, because we have a great staff, Tammy Cameron, Sean Knowles, and Dennis Balkam on the majority, and Christina Evans, B.G. Wright, and Chad Schulken of my staff for their professionalism and their excellent work.  This is a good bill. I encourage all of my colleagues on the Democratic side, in particular, to support it and to move expeditiously to pass it.  I yield the floor.  