 President, I think we have had a good discussion. I was somewhat interested in the comment that: We have done this before, why should we do it again?  Probably this is one of the most important issues we have to deal with because it will affect, I believe, my family's lifetime and my grandchildren's lifetime. I think if we have learned anything, it is that human nature is better off without nuclear weapons.  In this case, I would like to sum up with one of the conclusions of the National Academy of Sciences' recent reports. It is conclusion No. 3: Current experience and empirical predictions indicate that earth penetrator weapons cannot penetrate to depths required for total containment of the effects of a nuclear explosion.  That is not my view. That is the view of the National Academy of Sciences. To my knowledge it has been backed up by everybody. So why does the administration persist?  The one bright light in this is the House of Representatives. They have removed the money from all programs, from time to test readiness, increasing it from 3 years to 18 months; money for the 400 new plutonium pits; and money for the robust nuclear earth penetrator.  This year the administration did not come back and request the so-called advanced weapons concepts, which is essentially low-yield tactical nuclear weapons. It has been stated here, and I believe it has been stated correctly, that you cannot have a policy which says, ``Do as we say but don't do as we do.''  I do not believe we can have a policy that puts at risk hundreds of thousands, and, yes, even millions of lives. And I do not believe we can develop a weapon and then say: Well, this is just to protect us. It will never be used. I do not believe that.  I truly believe the documents coming out of this administration, from the Nuclear Posture Review to the National Security Directive No. 17, clearly indicate that it is the goal of this administration to build a new generation of nuclear weapons. For those of us who do not believe that is the way to go, they must vote. To those of us who are not on this side, I want to say we will be back, and back, and back. So get used to hearing from us because it is not going to end here.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  