 President, I would like to take a few minutes today to talk about the Transportation reauthorization bill before us and why I believe it is necessary to pass a transportation bill before the authorization ends on May 31, 2005.  The Transportation reauthorization bill is a jobs bill. According to the U.S. Department of Transportation, each $1 billion in new infrastructure investment creates 47,500 new jobs: 26,500 of these are directly related to construction, engineering, contracting, and other on-site employees, and 21,000 are indirect jobs resulting from the spending associated with the investment.  Improving our transportation infrastructure is one of the critical things we can do to create jobs.  My State, California, needs a robust transportation bill to help clean the air, ease congestion on the roads, and create jobs. However, I do have some concerns about this bill.  As a representative of a donor State, I am extremely disappointed that so many States are still being asked to give more than they receive in Federal transportation dollars. I believe that this bill does not adequately address the problems of donor States like my State of California.  California currently has a 90.5 percent rate of return. In other words, for every dollar California sends to Washington, it gets back only 90 \1/2\ cents for maintenance and improvement of our highways.  Transportation is the backbone of California's economy. Our seaports handle about half of all cargo that comes into the United States, and the State is also home to two of the nation's busiest ports--Los Angeles/Long Beach and Oakland.  Three-quarters of all goods shipped from California's ports are now transported by truck along California's roads.  We need our roads to be equipped to handle the flow of these goods and the truck traffic that comes with it.  Regrettably, these roads are in desperate need of repair. More than 70 percent of California's major local and State road miles are rated in poor or mediocre condition-compared with a national average of 28 percent--and 38 percent of the State's overpasses and bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete.  As a result, California's 21 million motorists pay an average of $555 each, or a total of $12 billion, in extra vehicle operating costs annually. These costs include wasted fuel, pothole damage, and shortened vehicle lifespan.  At the same time, travel on California's roads nearly doubled between 1980 and 2000, while the population increased only 42 percent.  We are all familiar with pictures of California's gridlock--cars sitting on our freeways, moving at a snail's pace.  The facts bear out the images. Out of the top five congested urban areas in the Nation, California has three. Los Angeles is the most congested, followed by San Francisco-Oakland. San Diego is the fifth most congested area in the country.  In LA County, 85 percent of freeway lane miles are congested, and Los Angeles motorists waste 177 hours a year per driver.  Traffic congestion in California costs motorists $20.7 billion annually in lost time and fuel. And with rising fuel costs, that total is only going to increase.  I am also concerned with the Senate bill's changes to the Congestion Management and Air Quality Improvement Program, or CMAQ. The CMAQ formula currently apportions funds to states based on the severity of ozone and carbon monoxide pollution. The Senate bill proposes to change the formula so that CMAQ awards to areas with ozone pollution, regardless of the severity of that pollution.  The Los Angeles Metropolitan Transit Authority--LAMTA--estimates that this ``one-size fits all'' approach could cost California as much as $160 million in CMAQ grants over 4 years.  This change is a huge problem for California. California has six non-attainment areas for air quality, and 70 percent of the State in the reformulated gasoline program because our air is so dirty.  In addition, according to a study by the American Lung Association in 2004, nine of the twenty smoggiest cities in the United States are located in my home State, California.  California needs the CMAQ funds to pay for highway enhancements to ease the flow of traffic and reduce the amount of time trucks and cars are idling and spewing pollution into the air.  California also relies heavily on public transportation, and the bill needs to adequately fund mass transit programs.  California has some of the largest regional transportation systems in the country including Bay Area Rapid Transit--BART, CalTrain--the rail service between San Francisco and San Jose, and Metrolink--Southern California's regional transit system.  These programs help reduce the number of cars on the road, which in turn, reduces air pollution, and decreases the amount of time my constituents have to spend commuting every day.  Californians are facing a serious dilemma. Without adequate Federal highway dollars, local communities will not be able to eliminate bottlenecks on highways and make necessary air quality improvements. As a result,they will remain out of conformity with Federal air quality regulations, and will lose even more Federal highway dollars. This is a never-ending cycle and has failed to make any strides in helping reduce our air pollution.  That is why I support toll roads as an option to provide the needed revenue to make improvements to our roads. I am pleased that the Senate bill includes a toll road pilot program and hope that the program is flexible enough to allow the State to use the tolls to meet its goods movement infrastructure needs.  I would also ask the Environment and Public Works Committee to consider an amendment that would allow tolling revenue in extreme non-attainment areas to be used to mitigate air quality impacts that are imposed upon those communities by heavy duty trucks moving goods from California's ports to areas throughout the country.  I am also pleased that the bill will allow hybrid vehicles access to high occupancy vehicle--HOV--lanes. Without this authorization, California and other States, such as Arizona, Virginia, Colorado, and Georgia will lose their Federal highway dollars by implementing their own State laws to allow hybrids to access these lanes.  This provision would increase traffic mobility and also serves as an important incentive to get more hybrids on the road, an innovative solution to reduce our dependence on oil.  I would like to thank the Commerce Committee for including language in the bill that would require the Department of Transportation to conduct a study of predatory towing practices. Tow truck companies act without any local, State or Federal regulation. While most are good actors, there are a few that have taken advantage of the lack of regulation to prey on consumers. This has become a huge problem throughout California, and in other areas including Virginia and Arizona. This study will determine the impact of predatory towing practices and propose potential remedies to dealing with them.  While I have concerns about the fairness of the funding formulas, I also realize that without a transportation bill, California's communities will lack the money they need to plan major infrastructure projects. As a result, I plan to support this bill and hope that the conferees will keep in mind the needs of the donor States such as California.  