 President, as a member of the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, I rise today to speak in support of the Agriculture appropriations conference report.  I would particularly like to thank the chairman and ranking member of the Subcommittee, Senators Bennett and Kohl, for including $7 million in the bill for specialty crop funding.  Americans tend to forget that California is the largest agricultural producing State in the Nation. Of the top 10 agricultural producing counties nationwide, 8 are located in California. We export more crops than any other State, and I am proud to say that 97 percent of our farms are family owned.  As a result, I supported the Specialty Crop Competitiveness Act, legislation to boost the marketing of highly nutritious fruits, vegetables and other specialty crops to American consumers and international markets. The legislation provided, for the first time, a dedicated source of funding to promote the marketing of specialty crop products.  Specialty crops are fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, and nursery crops, including floriculture. Farms in the Golden State produce more than half of the Nation's fruits, vegetables and nuts from just 3 percent of the Nation's farmland. While California accounts for about 13 percent of national cash receipts from agriculture, it receives only about 3 percent of direct government payments to agriculture. These funds, while open to all 50 States, will help California specialty crop farmers.  As the globalization of markets continues, it is becoming increasingly difficult for United States producers to compete against heavily subsidized foreign producers in both the domestic and foreign markets. United States specialty crop producers also continue to face serious tariff and nontariff trade barriers in many export markets. The funding for specialty crops will promote the marketing of specialty crops and improve access to foreign markets and competitiveness.  I am extremely pleased that we were able to include $7 million for crops that are so vital to our Nation's food supply.  In addition, I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member for including other projects that will benefit California.  They include: $1.35 million for the California County Pest Detection Augmentation Program. These funds will help California counties increase high-risk pest exclusion inspection activities of new shipments of plants, seeds, fruits, vegetables, and animals. Pest exclusion is critical to a successful agricultural industry because it is more effective and less costly to prevent the introduction and establishment of potentially harmful exotic pests from the local environment than it is to eliminate them;  $24.25 million for the Glassy-winged Sharpshooter/Pierce's Disease Control Program. The glassy-winged sharpshooter is an invasive pest that spreads bacteria that kills grapes, almonds and tree fruits. This funding will be used to develop the resources to eliminate the spread of the disease;  $200 million for the Market Access Program. This nationwide program provides funding to promote the export of American agricultural products;  $1.929 million for Exotic Pest Disease Research at the University of California. The Exotic Pest and Disease Research Program funds research to combat a wide variety of exotic organisms that have invaded or could invade California. Recent successes in the program include determining the origin of avocado thrips found in Ventura and Orange counties--causing an $8.7 million annual loss to growers--and identifying natural enemies to control the thrips and replace pesticides previously in use. A similar approach is being developed for the Avocado Lace Bug. In addition, the program has funded work on such organisms as Sudden Oak Death, red imported fire ant, and Mediterranean fruitfly;  $20 million for the Farmers' Market Nutrition Program. The program provides nutritional information and supplements as well as healthcare referrals to low-income mothers and pregnant women. The Farmers Market Nutrition Program provides coupons to participants to use to buy produce from small farmers, and nutrition information is provided through the local Farmers Market Nutrition Program agency;  $3.076 million for the Sudden Oak Death Control Program. Funding will be used to continue researching Sudden Oak Death Disease, which infects and destroys oak and tanoak trees;  $401,000 for Ozone Air Quality Research by the San Joaquin Valleywide Air Pollution Study Agency. A multi-year, intensive air quality study is needed to meet the requirements of Regional Haze State Implementation Plans anticipated after 2008. This study would build upon the Central California Ozone Study and the California Regional Air Quality Study. These new studies will include an ozone filed study, data analysis, modeling performance evaluations, air quality and meteorological modeling improvements, and a retrospective look at previous State Implementation Plan modeling.  This bill is extremely important to ensuring a safe and secure domestic food supply. I would like to again thank the chairman and the ranking member for all of their hard work on this bill.  The question is on agreeing to the conference report. The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant journal clerk called the roll.  