 President, I thank the Senator from Texas for authoring this sense-of-the-Senate amendment. I am proud to be a cosponsor. I agree with all the comments he has made. I believe it is a huge mistake to bypass the Judiciary Committee, to bypass the Immigration Subcommittee on bills that are big in their ramifications on the United States of America.  If we do that, we will get into a debate on the floor on the AgJOBS bill. I think very few people know, for example, that the way the bill is written you can have two misdemeanor convictions and essentially still get a temporary green card. That can be misdemeanor theft. That can be misdemeanor battery. That can be misdemeanor drugs. I will have an amendment to address that. I will take some time with it.  Most people do not know you just have to have 100 hours of work in a 12-month period. I will have an amendment to address that, and there will be other amendments to address that. But this is a very controversial bill that can have a huge impact on the number of people coming across the border. At the very least, it should have a markup in Judiciary. We should have an opportunity to make amendments in Judiciary before it comes to the floor of the Senate as an amendment on an appropriations bill.  There is also the REAL ID bill, which very well may come up. Senator Mikulski has an amendment on H-2B. I am concerned about it because it does not have a cap on the number, and the H-2B quota has been reached. I believe it is 66,000. Maryland has some problems, which are valid problems, I am sure. But just to open the bill, unless there is a specified number--I think we need to discuss it.  I will bring up the State Criminal Alien Program for reauthorization. This is paying back the States for their costs of confinement of illegals who commit felonies and misdemeanors and go to county jails and State prisons. So it will open a long and complicated debate on the floor of the Senate. We should not do that. Please. I have sat as a member of the Immigration Subcommittee now for 12 years. I come from a big immigration State, the largest, no doubt about that, in America, a State with very deep concerns.  I understand the agricultural labor needs of the States as well as anyone. And not to be able to have a markup, not to be able to make amendments in a committee and present a bill that has been scrubbed, amended, and is ready for prime time, I believe, is a huge mistake.  So I am very pleased to support the Senator's amendment. I will have another amendment in due course in this area as well.  I yield the floor.  