 He mentioned raisins. The last time I looked, it took 40,000 workers in California to harvest the raisin crop in 4 different counties. Most of these are illegals. Most of these have done it year after year. They also go from crop to crop to crop, as we know.  The key is to take care of, in my view, the people who are already here and working and are a part of this. The demand for the agricultural jobs comes every time the employer sanctions are carried out. Then suddenly the agricultural industry says we are for bringing more people in from other countries. I think we have to find a way to have a workforce that is known, identifiable, reasonably and well paid, that can get housing, can send their children to school, that work in this industry. Probably one-half of the agricultural workforce--I would say 600,000 workers--is illegal. These are the 600,000 who I believe we should be concerned with--not opening the border to bring in more but to find a way that they then can become a responsible part of the workforce. That is where I am, because I admit that is a need.  This bill does not do that. This bill sets up a different program and does not relate to people who have been here for years working in agriculture. They may be very good citizens. They probably are. Some of them own their homes, they have children, they are responsible. They have a tough life, true. I think this can be handled. But what has happened is there is a set mentality that the bill has to be this way because we have 60 votes, and we are going to keep it this way. That is a problem and, therefore, that mentality does not let it go through Immigration, does not let amendments have exposure in committee.  Virtually everybody here who is arguing is a member of the Judiciary Committee. That is where we ought to be debating it instead of on the floor passing a piece of legislation of which no one--no one--knows the absolute effect.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Coburn). The Senator from Arizona.  