 President, I rise today to support the reauthorization of the Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2005.  This bill is critically important to ensure that students are entering the workforce with the academic, vocational, and technical skills they will need to be successful in today's job market.  According to 2003 U.S. Census data, only 27 percent of Americans have a college degree. Therefore, vocational education programs are necessary to provide occupational training to the majority of high school students who do not go on to earn a bachelor's degree.  Without adequate vocational and technical training programs, these individuals have few career options. Unfortunately, high schools currently offer fewer vocational education classes than in the past, due to funding shortages.  There are many ways in which Perkins funds are used, and I would like to share a few examples of how these dollars are utilized in my State of California which typically receives approximately 11 percent of Federal funding for vocational education through Perkins.  The Fresno Unified School District uses about $1 million in Perkins money to fund vocational education classes in areas such as introductory business, computers, and multimedia for students in grades 7-10.  Perkins funding also helps to pay for 10 resource center facilitators who assist students in researching colleges and registering for entrance exams.  The Los Angeles Unified School District receives Perkins funds to build career and technical education, CTE, programs. With these funds, the district has created 15 ``industry clusters,'' each of which contains a specific career pathway. These industry clusters range from agriculture to the arts to engineering to medical technology.  I understand the importance of Federal support for vocational and technical education, and I will continue to do all I can to ensure that all students have access to the educational opportunities that will allow them to become productive and successful adults.  