 President, I rise today to join my colleague fromWisconsin, Senator Feingold, in supporting a real pay-as-you-go system in the fiscal year 2006 budget.  This amendment is about restoring fiscal common sense to the budget. It would require 60 votes for tax cuts and mandatory spending increases that increase the deficit.  The current budget proposes a flawed paygo rule that expires in 2008, even though this is supposed to be a 5-year budget. It also includes exemptions and holes that effectively amount to a ``pay-if-you'd-like'' approach, not a bonafide paygo system.  What we're proposing are sensible and responsible guidelines that will reduce the record red ink that we've accumulated in the past 5 years.  The Federal budget outlines not only revenue and spending, but more critically how the Federal Government ranks its programmatic priorities. This budget resolution reveals only a glimpse of the long-term fiscal outlook without telling Americans the hard truth about how tax cuts and spending run amok in Washington.  For example, the budget ignores large expenses such as the costs of military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan beyond September 2006, and long-term relief from the alternative minimum tax, which could affect 41 million taxpayers in 2013, if Congress does not act. These are imminent expenses that we would be remiss to omit from the budget. Yet the President excludes the costs from his budget blueprint.  And I haven't even mentioned the upwards of $5 trillion in transitional costs over the next 20 years for the President's Social Security plan.  With regard specifically to paygo in the Budget Committee markup, one of my colleagues noted that a paygo rule that applies only to spending is akin to trying to keep a boat afloat by plugging one hole when, in fact, there are two holes in the boat. And this is precisely the case. That is precisely the fiction that this Budget Resolution promotes.  If made permanent, the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 will cost the Federal Government $11 trillion over the next 75 years. That's more than three times the shortfall of Social Security over that period. But the President's budget doesn't apply paygo rules to these tax cuts.  Studies show that 25 percent of these tax cuts went to the wealthiest Americans, those with the top 1 percent annual income. According to the Congressional Budget Office, 74 percent of our budget deficits since 2001 have been caused by decreased revenues. Only 26 percent is due to increased spending.  We ought to be honest with ourselves about this fact. In my view, a paygo system that ignores revenues is not a paygo system at all.  If the Senate is sincere about restoring fiscal discipline, then we ought to establish rules that say, ``If your legislation is going to cost money, you've got to pay for it, or get 60 votes.''  I believe that this amendment poses a crucial question to this body: Do we recognize that decreased revenues increase the deficit? I, for one, will not turn a blind eye to the real budget picture.  If we are to balance the budget--as we did during the Clinton administration--we should not do so solely through draconian cuts in critical programs. This budget cuts back on programs for working Americans and local governments that cannot run budget deficits as the Federal Government can.  I do not believe that fiscal responsibility necessarily requires us to shift the financial burden to our towns, cities and States as this budget does through cuts to Medicaid and the Community Development Block Grants, to name just two. As a former mayor, I know the value of these programs in California and throughout the United States.  Tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans should not take precedence over the needs of law enforcement, our children, the elderly, and veterans. If my colleagues agree, then I ask that they join me in supporting this amendment.  It is time to get our fiscal house in order, and to do so, we ought to reinstate a true paygo rule.  