  Yesterday, I urged Majority Leader Frist to work as hard as he can to bring people back to the table before the vote. The day before, I urged Attorney General Gonzales to work with Senators Leahy and Specter toward the same end. I have said the same thing to Senators Specter and Leahy personally, and today I renew this request.  Press reports today quote insiders saying that efforts to reach compromise have been abandoned. Some seem to believe that a filibuster fight would be an opportunity to force Democrats into bad votes, thus securing partisan advantage in upcoming elections.  Others seem to believe that the American people can be tricked into thinking that Members such as Senators Craig, Sununu, Murkowski, Hagel, Obama, Durbin, Feingold, Salazar, and Kerry, all of whom signed a moving letter yesterday explaining why they would vote against cloture, are somehow helping terrorists. Still others, counting the votes, think the opportunity to embarrass the administration is too good to miss.  I reject these positions. Instead, I ask respectfully that we get back to work.  I strongly urge my colleagues to carefully read the letter sent by this group of Senators. While I do not agree with every one of their points, the key issues they raise have merit and should be addressed.  The most important of the issues they raise involve section 215--the so-called library provision--and provisions governing judicial review, particularly of national security letters. I believe on these two issues, as well as some of the others, continued good-faith negotiation will result in solving the problems in a way that will be acceptable to a vast majority of this body and will not in any way diminish the ability of our law enforcement and intelligence organizations to do their job.  Congress has a long and honorable tradition of putting aside party politics when it comes to national security. We were able to do that in the Senate with this bill. So it is critical that this approach be carried forward to the end.  I believe the unanimously passed Senate bill represents that compromise. And while I understand that some accommodations must be made to the House, these cannot be so great as to destroy the consensus in the Senate that we have built.  I know that Senator Specter and Senator Leahy have worked long and hard. I also know that Senator Leahy made some compromises to vote for the Senate bill that passed this body unanimously. I asked Senator Specter and Senator Leahy to please try once again to achieve the compromise that we had when the Senate bill passed this body unanimously.  I believe national security deserves no less, and I believe the distinguished leadership of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Specter and Senator Leahy, can achieve this if given the opportunity and if the leadership puts its clout behind bringing the House on board as well.  Absent that, I will vote for the Sununu legislation to provide an element of time. I also ask that the meth bill, as well as the port security bill, be added to his legislation. I thank the ranking member and the chairman and I yield the floor.  