 President, I rise today in support of the amendment that I am sponsoring with Senators Murray and Byrd, to provide the Department of Veterans Affairs with an additional $1.42 billion in emergency funding to shore up dramatic new shortfalls in the VA health care system.  Our soldiers are returning home from Iraq and the front lines of the War on Terror by the hundreds, to begin their transition back to civilian life--and they deserve our assistance and respect.  In California alone, there have been nearly 100,000 men and women deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan, all of whom will be eligible for at least two years of VA medical services when they return.  Over 1,400 Californians have been wounded during operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. Many of these recent veterans suffered injuries that will require specialty care for the rest of their lives.  Moreover, many of our combat veterans could have mental wounds we are not even aware of yet.  A report issued by the Government Accountability Office in September of last year found that:       Mental health experts predict that because of the intensity      of warfare in Iraq and Afghanistan 15 percent or more of the      servicemembers returning from these conflicts will develop      post-traumatic stress disorder--PTSD.''  This is in addition to the veterans currently accessing the VA health care system.  And now, we have learned that the VA's budget forecast projections did not adequately provide for soldiers returning from Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom.  How, if we know this, can we sit by and insist that there is no problem? This budget crunch is not just on paper.  In San Diego County alone, 4,000 more veterans have been treated by the VA this year as compared to last, and we are still three months from the end of the fiscal year.  This includes over 1,700 soldiers returning from combat in Iraq and Afghanistan. At the same time, the number of backlogs for appointments is growing, leading to longer wait times for veterans.  And the Los Angeles Times reported on March 20, 2005, that over the last decade, the VA hospital in Los Angeles has reduced the capacity of in-patient psychiatric beds from 450 to 90. Meanwhile, over the same 10 years, Los Angeles has seen an increase of 28 percent in mental health patients.  The crunch is coming and we need to start preparing. This amendment starts the preparation.  But I want to be crystal clear, this amendment only addresses needs this year. Much more work will need to be done in fiscal year 2006.  It appears that the fiscal year 2006 VA budget request also made use of similar data forecasting as this year's, making it highly probable that we will see a repeat of this shortfall next year.  Secretary Nicholson testifies today before the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee and acknowledge that the fiscal year 2006 budget request is insufficient. We look forward to the Administration's budget amendment for fiscal year 06 to deal with this problem.  Clearly, we will have a lot of work to do in the fiscal year 2006 appropriations process. In the meantime, this amendment would add needed funding this year and help to alleviate the budget problems we are seeing in VA hospitals across the country.  In closing, I would only add that this is not a Democrat issue and this is not a Republican issue. This is an issue that goes to the very heart of how we treat those men and women who have fought bravely on behalf of our nation and we need to be unified in showing them our support.  I respectfully urge all of my colleagues to vote for this amendment.  