 President, this amendment would strike a tax incentive from the books for the oil and gas companies that allows them to expense their exploration and development costs.  This tax credit is unnecessary, not because I say that it is, but because the oil companies have said they do not need it. The President of the United States has said the oil companies do not need it, and the Joint Committee on Taxation estimates this tax credit costs the Federal Treasury $2.4 billion over 5 years.  I wish to make clear that this amendment only repeals the credit for the major integrated oil companies--ExxonMobil, Shell, BP, Chevron, and ConocoPhillips. This tax credit allows major oil companies, such as the ones I have just mentioned, to deduct 70 percent of their drilling costs up front, then the next 30 percent over the course of 5 years. Costs that can be deducted include workers' wages, fuel costs, drilling equipment, materials, and supplies, et cetera.  Now, why should the oil and gas industry get special treatment? And why should they get tax breaks from the Federal Government when they are making record profits? In the third quarter of 2005 alone, the five biggest companies earned a staggering combined total of more than $30 billion.  ExxonMobil's profits skyrocketed another 75 percent in the third quarter to almost $10 billion. Over the first 9 months of 2005, ExxonMobil made a profit of $25.42 billion.  BP made 34 percent more, or $6.46 billion, in the third quarter of 2005. So far this year, BP has made $18.66 billion.  Shell's profits soared 68 percent to $9 billion in the third quarter of 2005, while making $20.94 billion over the first 9 months of the year.  Chevron's third-quarter profits were 12 percent higher, or $3.6 billion. So far this year, Chevron made $10 billion.  ConocoPhillips saw an 89 percent increase or $3.8 billion in the third quarter, while making a profit of $9.85 billion over the first 9 months of the year.  At the same time this is happening, the Federal budget deficit is the third largest in history, totaling $319 billion, and the national debt has surpassed the $8 trillion mark.  In April of this year, President Bush stated:       With oil at more than $50 a barrel, by the way, energy      companies do not need taxpayers'-funded incentives to explore      for oil and gas.  At the joint Senate hearing last week, at which the CEOs of ExxonMobil, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, BP, and Shell testified, Senator Wyden asked them if, given the fact that oil prices are above $55 per barrel, they needed these Federal tax incentives. They all responded ``No.'' In fact, Lee Raymond of ExxonMobil stated this: ``No and I don't think our company has asked for any incentives for exploration.''  Now, I see Senator Wyden is in the Chamber, and since I have quoted him, I would like to ask him if I have accurately reported what happened at this Senate joint hearing with the oil executives.  