 This amendment is cosponsored by Senators Brownback, Lieberman, Alexander, Leahy, Clinton, and Boxer.  As the clerk has read, it is a sense-of-the-Senate amendment. It relates directly to the REAL ID Act. It is the sense-of-the-Senate amendment that attempts to bind the Senate conferees to oppose the REAL ID Act in the conference on this bill. I would like to take a minute to explain why.  First of all, this was presented to the Senate in February. It has not yet been heard by the Senate Judiciary Committee. And, once again, a very controversial bill will be considered in conference on this bill. It was put in the House bill in a preemptive way. It is there, and we have to deal with it.  I want everyone to know this bill is major in scope in what it does to change immigration hearings and much to do with immigration. It very much tightens the standards for asylum and withholding of removal. It would give judges broad discretion to deny asylum claims based on the credibility of the applicant. And possibly one reason alone could mean a negative credibility finding.  It changes the statutory requirement that an applicant must demonstrate to be granted asylum, making it much more difficult, and it eliminates judicial review by barring a court from reversing the decision of the judge or other adjudicator about the availability of corroborating evidence.  It would give the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security the ability to unilaterally waive all laws to construct the border fence, including possibly wage and hour laws, criminal laws, labor laws, civil rights, and so on.  Now, the problem with this section--I happen to be for finishing this 3-mile stretch of California border with a border fence--is the wording in this is so broad that it appears to provide waiver authority over laws that might impede the expeditious construction of barriers and roads not just to finish the fence in Southern California but anywhere in the United States. And it would allow for no review or appeal of the decisions of the Secretary of Homeland Security relating to this.  In terms of judicial review of orders of removal, it would limit, if not eliminate, stays of removal while cases are pending. Most importantly, it would eliminate, for the first time in our Nation's history, any habeas corpus review of removal orders for both criminal and noncriminal immigrants. This is a major change. It would limit the ability of the courts of appeal to review mixed questions of law, even in cases of longtime, lawful permanent residents, if virtually any crime led to the deportation.  Further, the restrictions on reviewing mixed questions of law would apply to asylum and claims under the Convention Against Torture. Now, here is a section that causes great concern. I believe it does to Republicans as well as Democrats.  The REAL ID Act appears to essentially create bounty hunters. Let me tell you how it does that. It increases the authority of bail bondsmen to arrest and detain anyone they believe is illegal, including a financial incentive by leaving it up to a bondsman's opinion that an alien poses a flight risk which necessitates them being turned over to the Department of Homeland Security. If that is the case, the alienforfeits his or her bond premium under very broad circumstances. Illegal aliens turned over to the Department of Homeland Security must be detained.  Now, this is at a time when immigration officials have not proven they can detain all of the aliens they apprehend today.  What this does is, it says to the bail bondsman, if you think someone is illegal, you can go after them. You can maintain custody over them and you turn them in, and they have to be detained. This is on a bail bondsman's opinion of illegality. It also would provide bail bondsmen with unfettered access to information on illegal aliens and to influence Government processes with noncitizens subject to bonding. I don't know that we should be giving bail bondsmen this authority without any hearing in the Senate or any consequential discussion in the House on this point.  It sets minimum bonds for aliens in removal proceedings at $10,000, and it prohibits the Department of Homeland Security from releasing anyone on their own recognizance who is in removal proceedings. We don't even know if we can hold everybody. This particular section, actually more than any other, causes me enormous concern, and obviously the cosponsors of this sense of the Senate.  It does a number of other things. It holds spouses and children of an alien accountable for an alien's involvement in a terrorist organization or activity, even if they didn't know about it. I don't know that we should do that without understanding what we are doing.  With respect to driver's licenses, it creates a large unfunded mandate on the States. The CBO did a cost estimate of the costs associated with implementing the driver's license provisions and estimated that DHS would spend $20 million over the 5-year period to reimburse States for the cost of complying with the legislation. But in addition, it would require States that participate in the driver's license agreement, which is an interstate database, to share driver information at a cost of $80 million over 3 years, to reimburse States for the cost to establish and maintain the database. The grand total is $100 million over 3 to 5 years.  The just-passed intelligence reform law sets up a process whereby States, the Federal Government, and interested parties will make recommendations for establishing minimum Federal standards for driver's licenses and personal identification documents. The REAL ID Act essentially countermands the rights of States in this process. Both the current law, pursuant to the intelligence reform bill, and the REAL ID Act require that States set certain minimum document requirements as well as minimum issuance standards. The difference is that the REAL ID Act eliminates the stakeholder process and proscribes a very complicated and burdensome set of requirements on States.  It also has differences between the intelligence reform bill and the REAL ID Act on the issue of driver's licenses and personal identification documents. The intelligence bill gives States 2 years to comply with minimum standards. The REAL ID Act gives States 3 years in order for these documents to be accepted by a Federal agency for official purposes.  Secondly, the intelligence reform bill requires that the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Transportation work together to establish minimum standards for driver's licenses and personal identification documents. The REAL ID Act imposes on States what must be done.  I don't think we should do this. We passed an intelligence reform bill. We dealt with some standards in that bill. Here, without a hearing, without any committee consideration, this bill is put, by the House of Representatives, on to this supplemental and is in conference.  I don't think we should do this. The sponsors agree with me. So we have proposed a sense of the Senate that would seek to bind conferees to eliminate the REAL ID Act from this bill. That doesn't mean it is eliminated for all time. I also believe the Judiciary Committee should promptly hear the bill. We should consider amendments. We should be able to compare it in this house with the intelligence reform bill just passed and, therefore, make a decision. This is what the Senate is set up for. We are meant to be a deliberative body. We are meant to consider major and controversial pieces of legislation and, if necessary, slow them down. This is added unilaterally on this supplemental bill with no consideration by this house whatsoever. It is going to resolve itself with a very few Members of this body dealing with an enormously complicated, controversial bill that conflicts with other legislation passed by this body. We don't do our work if we let this happen.  We have proposed this sense of the Senate, and I am hopeful there will be enough votes in this body so that the conferees on the Senate side will simply not accept business being done this way. Who would have thought a major piece of immigration legislation would be placed, without hearing, on this emergency supplemental which deals with the war in Iraq and critical emergency matters? It is a big mistake.  I ask for the yeas and nays, and I understand the vote will not be tonight, but this will be put in the order.  