 That is appreciated.  One of the changes was $40 million earmarked for labor and environment capacity building for the CAFTA countries, from 2006 through 2009, and $3 million annually through 2009 for the International Labor Organization to monitor and verify progress in CAFTA countries in improving labor law enforcement and working conditions, with periodic reports that are transparent, every 6 months, on such projects.  That is a first and I think it is important and I do believe it can make a difference. I do believe the comments of those who are concerned about impact on Central America's labor laws are right to be concerned. I join them in that concern. This $3 million can go a long way to seeing the kind of enforcement that is necessary to begin to bring those countries up to where it is an approximately level playing field. This is a significant commitment, and I thank Ambassador Portman for his willingness to engage with the Congress on this issue.  I also look forward to providing assistance to workers in this country through the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program for those who have lost their jobs because of increased trade.  This is where I think the rub really is. It is always hard to see whether the benefits of free trade do in fact outweigh the negatives. But we must recognize that some workers lose their jobs and they have to be helped to learn new skills. We have to find ways to keep manufacturing in this country. We have to find ways to limit research and development tax credits to the production of jobs in this country.  Some of us were struck a mortal blow when we repatriated tax funds and there was an amendment on the floor of the Senate that said ``as long as those funds will be used for production of jobs in this country,'' and that amendment failed. That, for me, was a dark day because I believe that American corporations do have an obligation to this country, not only to the bottom line but an obligation to their workers. American workers are the best in productivity and the best in the world. We have to find ways to see that this country is competitive in education, in standards, to be attractive for manufacturing once again.  Today, the Democrats in the Democratic Policy Committee heard a very interesting presentation which pointed out how necessary manufacturing jobs, production line jobs--not high-skilled jobs--were going to be to the future of this great country. I remember when I was mayor of San Francisco, Akio Morita, the chairman of Sony, at that time he was the head of The Keidanren, saying to me that when America loses its manufacturing edge, it is the first step to America becoming a second rate power. I believe that is correct. Yet a trade agreement which reduces tariffs on our exports is not bad; it is good. I think that is the benefit of that, and of this agreement.  With that in mind, and because I believe virtually every industry in myState is in support of this agreement, I intend to vote aye.  I thank the Chair for the extension of time, and I yield the floor.  I appreciated the recent efforts the administration made to engage the sugar industry to work out an agreement. However, I am concerned that the two sides only recently came to the table to address this divisive issue. The trade agreement has been signed for nearly a year, but talks only began about 3 weeks ago. The problem should have been recognized and truly addressed earlier in the process. I am convinced that an agreement could have been reached. As it was, the sugar industry chose not to accept a short-term offer by the administration. The offer would have provided a remedy for the length of the farm bill, this year and next year's sugar beet crop. As I stated before, sugar beet farmers in Wyoming have made long-term investments in their processing facilities. They need a long-term solution, not a short-term fix.  This problem will not go away. As the administration continues to seek additional free-trade agreements with countries that desire to send their sugar to our markets, this issue will resurface. I recommend that the administration and the sugar industry continue creative discussions to identify a long-term solution beyond the next farm bill to ensure the viability of the sugar industry and the small family farmers that the industry supports in the United States.  Beyond Wyoming sugar, Wyoming cattle producers have made it clear to me that they want mandatory country of origin labeling implemented before new trade agreements are signed that could bring in additional beef and meat products. I agree that consumers should have the opportunity to make an informed purchase regarding their meat's country of origin at their grocery store. U.S. beef is competitive, but it does not receive a chance to compete when it is not labeled as U.S. beef for consumers.  With my vote against this bill, it would be easy for my opponents to cast me as a free-trade obstructionist. I remind them that until today, I have never voted against a free-trade agreement on the floor of the Senate. The principles of fair trade, which I support, generally bring about increased democracy, more transparency in Government and increased productivity. Along these lines, there are industries in Wyoming that communicated their support of CAFTA to me. I am pleased the agreement will improve market access for important industries, such as soda ash and oil and gas. I recognize the benefits this agreement will bring to many and applaud the administration for their hard work in bringing this agreement to fruition. Unfortunately, I cannot vote for the agreement today because the costs outweigh the benefits for my State as a whole.  