 President, I yield myself another 5 minutes.  The 2002 Nuclear Posture Review places nuclear weapons as part of the strategic triad. Therefore, the aim is to blur the distinction between conventional and nuclear weapons. This makes them easier to use.  National Security Directive 17 indicates that the United States would engage in a first use of nuclear weapons--a historic statement in itself. We have never had a first-use policy. We have always had strategic ambiguity, but we have never before said we would ever countenance a first use of nuclear weapons. In Security Directive 17 it is said in response to a chemical or biological attack--and seven nations are actually named--we would consider a nuclear response. In essence, these policies encourage other nations, and they have encouraged North Korea and they have encouraged Iran--those are two of the nations suggested--to develop their own nuclear weapons, thereby putting American lives and our own national security interests at risk.  We are telling the world, when it comes to nuclear weapons: Do as we say, not as we do. I object to that policy. It is hypocrisy.  There are alternatives. I have just been briefed by Northrop Grumman on a program they are working on with Boeing to develop a conventional bunker buster, the Massive Ordnance Penetrator, which is designed to go deeper than any nuclear bunker buster and take out 25 percent of underground and deeply buried targets. This 30,000-pound weapon, 20 feet in length, with 6,000 pounds of high explosives, will be delivered from a B-2 or a B-52 bomber. It can burrow 60 meters into the ground through 5,000 psi of reinforced concrete. It will burrow 8 meters into the ground through 10,000 psi reinforced concrete.  We have already spent $6 million on this program, and design and ground testing are scheduled to be completed next year.  We should focus on conventional programs. The House has said this. The Senate should concur.  We have a solemn obligation to spend our resources in the most effective manner and to make this country safer and more secure. That is why I am so concerned about this administration's decision to come back to Congress and request additional funds for new nuclear weapons.  I would like to give my kudos and congratulations to the House of Representatives. They truly have their heads on straight. I am delighted that they have eliminated the authorization and the funding for this entire program in the 2006 appropriation. I urge us to do the same on just one part of this, which is the nuclear bunker buster, $4 million.  I yield 15 minutes to the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, Senator Kennedy.  