 President, I rise today to speak about the fiscal year 2006 budget, a budget which does not represent our Nation's priorities. In addition, this budget piles debt upon debt and then passes it on to our children and grandchildren who will have to pay for this irresponsibility.  Perhaps more disturbing, this budget puts tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans ahead of the interests of working families.  Some of my colleagues have consistently talked about the need to curb and cut social programs in healthcare, job training, and community development. However, I want to highlight what these cuts actually mean to people. We should not hide behind titles and statistics. We ought to truly understand how this budget affects the lives of those who have trusted Congress with their well-being.  First and most importantly, this budget resolution cuts Medicaid by $10 billion. Medicaid provides a critical safety net for 53 million Americans including more than 6 million in California. It provides health and long-term care coverage for more individuals than any other program. For most individuals, it is the health insurer of last resort.  I find it ironic that next week is ``Cover the Uninsured Week,'' a week devoted to calling attention to the 45 million uninsured Americans, 20 percent of whom are children, and millions more who are under-insured. Because of this budget resolution, the number of uninsured Americans will increase.  To give a sense of the magnitude of the Medicaid program, consider that Medicaid now provides health care for 1 in every 5 children. It pays for one-third of all births in this country, almost 40 percent of all long-term care expenses, a sixth of all drug costs, and half of the States' mental health services. It also is the largest payer of services for AIDS patients.  And who is at risk in California under this budget resolution?  Children, pregnant mothers, poor elderly, blind and disabled communities, military families, our parents and grandparents in nursing homes, employees working in long-term care facilities, community hospitals, and community clinics and health centers.  And, that is not all. The community hospital structure in the State of California operates based on a delicate balance of funding streams. $10 billion in Medicaid cuts threatens that delicate balance and it will have a ripple effect on many sectors, not just community hospitals.  Public hospitals in California rely on Medicaid as their primary source of funding--sixty-five percent of their patients are either insured through Medicaid or have no health insurance.  Medicaid allows patients to access the health care services they need to stay healthy by providing chronic care management, immunizations, cancer screenings, and outpatient care. These are necessary to keep people from getting their health care in hospital emergency rooms where costs are exponentially higher.  This is coming at a time when our health care system has already faced major reductions. Seven emergency room departments in California have closed over the past 18 months. Six of the seven were in Los Angeles County. This is in large part due to the low Medicaid reimbursement rates and the high number of uninsured and uncompensated care costs.  Last February, the L.A. Times reported that UCLA Healthcare, the largest medical complex in the University of California system, would soon be eliminating about 400 full-time positions, and again, this is due to low Medicaid reimbursement rates and an unexpected increase in the number ofindigent patients seeking care at UCLA hospitals.  I fear this situation will only worsen under this budget resolution.  California already ranks dead last among States for Medicaid spending per recipient and I am told it would take more than $1 billion to lift California out of that position.  To make matters worse, California's Federal Medical Assistance Percentage, or FMAP, is at 50 percent. That is the lowest allowable percentage under Federal law.  This budget resolution does not only affect healthcare. In community development, which I personally understand from my experience as a mayor, this budget drastically cuts the Community Development Block Grant, CDBG, program. This program is vital for low-income families and individuals in more than 1,100 entitlement communities, urban counties and States, and more than 3,000 rural communities.  In the last budget, my home state of California received over $526 million in CDBG funds, accounting for 12.8 percent of the total $4.1 billion grant program.  Over the past 5 years, the diverse use of CDBG funds have allowed Los Angeles County to develop almost 9,000 affordable housing units, to create and preserve over 2,000 jobs, to remove over 32 million square feet of graffiti, and to provide loans and technical assistance to over 5,000 businesses among other programs.  This budget is risking over 90,000 jobs and reducing much-needed training for 80,000 people. Basically, it is cutting employment opportunities to motivated people who seek training and want to work. These people are asking for our help and we are shutting the door to their future.  In terms of small businesses, this budget resolution cuts financial assistance to small businesses, the engine of our economic future, which comprises over 90 percent of all businesses in California.  In housing, only half of the 80,000 promised vouchers for low-income families and individuals will be restored under the Section 8 voucher program. These housing vouchers are essential to providing approximately 2 million low-income families, senior citizens and people with disabilities with a safe and affordable place to live.  In sum, this budget asks those communities who are in desperate need of medical services, housing, economic development, and job training, to fund tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans, to pay for the war, and to take the brunt of our budget cuts. This budget resolution will disproportionately affect children, poor working families, the elderly and many others in California. I must object to a budget that protects $70 billion in tax cuts and mandates more than $10 million in needed services. I cannot in good conscience support a budget that continues to ask even more from those who are less able to give.  