 He is a true gentleman. Out of respect for him and for the institution, I will conclude my remarks.  During the reorganization of the Senate in 2000, Senators Daschle and Leahy worked to make the nominations process more fair and public. This refining forced Senators opposed to a nomination to be held accountable for their positions. They could not hide behind a cloak of secrecy. This step also wiped out many of the procedural hurdles that have been used to defeat nominations. So many of the tools used by Republicans in the past, and referred to as a way to draw distinctions with a public cloture vote are no longer available. This historical record is important, yet it is too often lost in our debates.  I also believe it is useful to examine the current state of judicial nominations, and what has actually occurred in this body during President Bush's tenure: 208 judges confirmed out of 218; 95 percent of President Bush's judges have been confirmed; the Senate has confirmed 35 circuit court nominees; recently, the Judiciary Committee reported out 2 District Court and 1 Circuit Court nominees; today, there are only 4 judicial nominations on the Senate calendar waiting for a vote; and there are only 45 total vacancies, both district and circuit courts, and 29 do not have nominations submitted.  What do these numbers mean? There are more judges today sitting on the federal bench than in any previous presidency. The Senate has confirmed more judges for President Bush than in President Reagan's first term, his father's only term, or President Clinton's second term.  The Senate confirmed more circuit court judicial nominees than in Reagan's or Clinton's first term. When Democrats were in the majority in 2001, there were 110 vacancies and by the end of the 108th Congress and President Bush's first term, the number had plummeted to 27--the lowest level of vacancies since the Reagan era.  Of the 8 nominees reported out of committee this year, four have already been confirmed. One, Thomas Griffith, is waiting a vote, and the remaining three are controversial nominees who were defeated last Congress: William Myers, Priscilla Owen, and Janice Rogers Brown.  In addition, President Bush has sent the Senate but one new judicial nomination this year. Brian Sandoval of Nevada is the only new judicial nomination sent to the Senate in the first five months of this year. He has bipartisan support from his home State Senators and appears to be a consensus nominee.  Again, what do these numbers mean? They mean there is no crisis on the federal bench that justifies the so-called nuclear option as some of my Republican colleagues contend.  To me, the record I just described and the reasons for opposing these limited number of nominees doesn't lead to the conclusion that the Senate should be discussing breaking our own institutional rules and unraveling the checks and balances established by our Constitution.  Some have described this debate as a strategy to change the rules. Changing the rules is not only unacceptable, but in this case it is inaccurate as well. The nuclear option is a strategy to break the rules. This isn't just my assessment; it's the conclusion drawn by the Senate Parliamentarian and the Congressional Research Service.  Last week, press reports reiterated that Senator Reid had been assured by the Parliamentarian that if the Republicans go through with this strategy they would ``have to overrule him, because what they are doing is wrong.''  The Congressional Research Service concluded in a recent report that to employ these tactics the Senate would have to ``overturn previous precedent.'' ``Proceedings of this kind, it is argued, would both break old precedent and establish new Senate precedents. Eventually such a plan might even result in changes in Senate rules, while circumventing the procedures prescribed by Senate rules.''  So, shortly, the Senate will likely be faced with a preemptive strike to break the rules. The term preemptive strike seems appropriate when there are only three controversial judges waiting for a vote--judges who were previously defeated last Congress and have drawn strong opposition.  This is a move to wipe out 200 years of precedent when this Senate has only been in session for just over 4 months, when this President has had over 200 judges confirmed, and when the Judiciary Committee reported favorably a controversial circuit court judge who was not voted on last Congress, but was renominated. This appears to me to be an escalation that is unwarranted in the reality of what has actually occurred and is happening in this session.  I find it ironic that while our country fights abroad to establish democracy,to promote checks and balances, and institute wide representation of all people in government; here at home our leadership is attempting to erode those very protections in our own government. What kind of message are we sending? ``Do as I say, not as I do''?  This debate over judicial nominees is a debate about privacy, women's rights, civil rights, clean environment, access to healthcare and education; retirement security--we may not all agree, but the beauty of our country is the freedom to disagree, to debate, and to require compromise because no one party has the corner on the market of good ideas and solutions--and no party has the corner on the market of political power.  Democrats held the House majority for over 50 years, and now Republicans have been in the majority for over a decade. Democrats held the White House for eight years, now the Republicans will have occupied the White House for eight years. Neither party will always be right when it comes to the best policies for our country, and neither party will always be in power.  There are many urgent problems the Senate needs to be focused on and Americans' want us to focus on: the war in Iraq; protecting our homeland; addressing the high cost of prescription drugs; alleviating rising gas prices; ensuring our social security system is stable and working; and reducing the federal deficit.  I am troubled that instead today we are spending much of our time on political posturing gone too far--on a strategy to unravel our constitutional checks and balances.  Cold War commentator Walter Lippman once said, ``In making the great experiment of governing people by consent rather than by coercion, it is not sufficient that the party in power should have a majority. It is just as necessary that the party in power should never outrage the minority.'' And today, we are outraged.  I would hope that the majority would not choose to unravel that foundation over a small handful of nominees. I would hope we would continue to honor the tradition of our democracy. I would hope the President will urge others in his party to walk away from this nuclear strategy. And I know if the shoe was on the other foot, I would not advocate breaking Senate rules and precedent.  Regardless of how this debate continues to unfold, I remain committed to evaluating each candidate on a case by case basis, and I will continue to ensure that judicial nominees are treated fairly and even-handedly, but I will not fail to raise concerns or objections when there are legitimate issues that need to be discussed.  