 President, I was 13 years old when I saw this picture. When we discuss nuclear weapons, this is the picture I remember. The only country on Earth that has ever used nuclear weapons is our own. It has been debated ever since whether this was positive because it saved American troops and ended the war or whether it has launched our country and other countries into a race which well could prove disastrous for all of us.  This is a photograph of Hiroshima after the nuclear bomb was dropped on the city on August 6, 1945. Mr. President, 80,000 people died from the initial blast and 60,000 people died from radiation poisoning, for a total of 140,000 people dead. And that bomb was 15 kilotons.  The second photograph is of Nagasaki after August 9, 1945. Approximately 75,000 of the city's 240,000 residents were killed instantly. In total, approximately 100,000 people died in the blast.  I rise today once again to address a critical issue that is related to the security of the American people and our nuclear proliferation efforts: the renewed push by this administration to reopen the nuclear door, including funding for a 100-kiloton nuclear bunker buster.  I have argued this on the Senate floor before, that such actions, combined with the policy of unilateralism and preemption, run counter to our values and nonproliferation efforts and put U.S. national security interests and American lives at risk. Therefore, those of us who are cosponsors of this amendment wish to delete the $4 million, for the study and development of the robust nuclear earth penetrator. The amendment redirects the funds for debt reduction.  The time has come for this Senate, like the House has done in this bill, to send a clear and unambiguous message to the White House and the Pentagon: We will not support funding for programs to develop new nuclear weapons.  Congress made a strong statement last year in deleting funding for the development of this nuclear bunker buster by eliminating $27.5 million for the bunker buster, $9 million for the advanced concepts initiative, which included the study of the development of low-yield weapons. This action was due in no small part to the leadership of Representative David Hobson, chairman of the House Appropriations Energy Committee. The House took a strong position of opposition and they are to be commended.  In fact, the House removed new nuclear weapons from all bills, including the Fiscal Year 2006 Defense authorization bill, the Fiscal Year 2006 Defense appropriations bill, and the 2006 Energy appropriations bill. This was a consequential victory for those of us who believe the United States sends the wrong signal to the rest of the world by reopening the nuclear door and beginning the testing and development of a new generation of nuclear weapons. That is why I was so disappointed to learn that the administration requested funds this year to resume the nuclear earth penetrator study.  As a matter of fact, this year Secretary Rumsfeld asked the Department of Energy to place the $4 million in the energy budget and $4.5 million in the defense budget, thereby splitting the amount requested for the bunker buster. He hoped to weaken opposition and split the budget between two Departments so that if it could not get funding in one, he could get it in the other. The House had the foresight to reject this idea and has reasserted its determination not to move forward with the bunker buster study.  During its markup on the 2006 Defense authorization bill, the House Armed Services Committee eliminated all the Department of Energy funding for the RNEP, and transferred the $4 million to the Air Force budget for work on a conventional nonnuclear version of the bunker buster. The House Armed Services Committee member, Silvestre Reyes, stated: The committee took the ``N,'' or ``nuclear,'' out of the RNEP program.  Following the Armed Services Committee action, Chairman Hobson and Representative Ellen Tauscher led the effort to eliminate the Department of Energy funding of $4 million for the bunker buster in its markup in the 2006 Energy and Water appropriations bill. That bill also eliminated funding for the modern pit facility and banned site selection for the facility in 2006.  Finally, the House 2006 Defense appropriations bill limits research for a bunker buster to a conventional program. These three actions by authorizers and appropriators, Republicans and Democrats alike, have dealt another blow to the administration's plans to develop new nuclear weapons and reinforced the clear intent of Congress that we should not go down that path because it will only encourage the very proliferation we are trying to prevent.  Why should the Senate continue to fund programs that are rapidly losing support in the House and the administration? Now the Senate has an opportunity to follow the House's lead. Senator Kennedy and I and others have come to the floor to offer this amendment to do just that.  During previous debates on this issue, we have argued that according to the laws of physics, it is simply not possible for a missile casing on a nuclear warhead to survive a thrust into the earth to take out a hard and deeply buried military target without spewing millions of tons of cubic feet of radiation into the atmosphere. Consider this: A 1-kiloton nuclear weapon detonated 25 to 50 feet underground would dig a crater the size of Ground Zero in New York and eject 1 million cubic feet of radioactive debris into the air.  Given the insurmountable physics problems associated with burrowing a warhead deep into the earth, one would need a weapon with more than 100 kilotons of yield to destroy an underground target at a depth of 1,000 feet.  Now let me explain. The maximum feasible depth of a bunker buster is 35 feet. At that depth, a 100-kiloton bunker buster would scatter 100 million cubic feet of radioactive debris into the atmosphere. There is no known missile casing that can survive a 1,000-foot thrust into the Earth and avoid overwhelming and catastrophic consequences. That is a fact. There is not a single scientist who will say that.The head of the National Nuclear Security Administration agrees.  At the March 2, 2005, House Armed Services Strategic Forces Subcommittee, Congresswoman Ellen Tauscher asked Ambassador Linton Brooks, the following question:       I just want to know is there any way a [robust nuclear      earth penetrator] of any size that we would drop would not      produce a huge amount of radioactive debris?  The Ambassador replied:       No, there is not.  When Congresswoman Tauscher asked him how deep he thought a bunker buster could go, he answered:       . . . a couple of tens of meters, maybe. I mean certainly--     I must apologize for my lack of precision if we in the      administration have suggested that it was possible to have a      bomb that penetrated far enough to trap all fallout. I don't      believe that--I don't believe the law of physics will ever      let that be true.  Here is the head of the National Nuclear Security Administration saying there is no way one can drive a missile casing deep enough to prevent radioactive spewing.  Let me just show what this means. For a 100-kiloton weapon, one would have to drive it 800 feet deep into the earth to contain the nuclear fallout. One can only drive it a small distance: 35 feet. So the result is 1.5 million tons of radioactivity. If it is 5 kilotons, one would have to drive it 320 feet. One could only drive it 35 feet. The spewing of radioactive debris is 200,000 tons. If it is 1 kiloton, one would have to drive it 220 feet. One could only drive it 35 feet and the radioactivity is 60,000 tons. If it is .2 kilotons, one would have to drive it 120 feet. One can only drive it 35 feet, and the radioactive spewing is 25,000 tons.  This is not from me. This is the National Academy of Sciences, nuclear scientists, physicists, the head of the National Nuclear Security Administration. There is widespread agreement about this. So why are we doing it?  On April 27, the National Academies of Sciences study commissioned by Congress to study the anticipated health and environmental effects of the Nuclear Earth Penetrator Weapon found that current experience and empirical predictions indicate that the Earth-penetrating weapons cannot penetrate to depths required for total containment of the effects of a nuclear explosion. It would take a 300-kiloton weapon at a penetration of 3 meters, or 10 feet, to destroy hard and deeply buried targets at 200 meters, or 656 feet.  To destroy a hard and deeply buried target at 300 meters you would need a 1-megaton weapon--not kiloton, megaton. The number of casualties from an Earth penetrator weapon detonated at a few meters depth is, for all practical purposes, equal to that of a surface burst of the same weapon yield.  That is what the National Academies of Sciences studies say. For attacks near or in densely populated areas, using Nuclear Earth Penetrator Weapons on hard and deeply buried targets, the number of casualties can range from thousands to more than a million, depending primarily on weapon yield.  The bottom line is that a bunker buster cannot penetrate into the Earth deeply enough to avoid massive casualties and the spewing of millions of cubic feet of radioactive materials into the atmosphere. It would result in the death of up to a million people or more if used in a densely populated area.  This chart shows that. The source is the National Resources Defense Council and the EPA. What it shows is the predicted radioactive fallout from a B61-11 300-kiloton explosion in West Pyongyang, North Korea, using historical weather data for the month of May.  Here is the blast, here is Seoul, here is the radioactive fallout.  Why are we doing this? It makes no sense.  I think this is the strongest evidence to date that we should not move forward with this study and that we should put a stop to it once and for all. In reality, this has never been about a study. It has been about the intent of this administration to develop new nuclear weapons. While the administration is silent this year on how much it plans to spend on the program in the future, last year's budget request totaled $485 million on the robust nuclear earth penetrator over 5 years. This 5-year figure was omitted this year.  Let's look, for a brief moment, at the policies underlying this request, for they, too, have not been changed. The 2002 Nuclear Posture Review places nuclear weapons----  