 President, I rise today in support of legislation to authorize the extension of the Nazi War Crimes Records Disclosure Act and the Japanese Imperial Army Disclosure Act for an additional 2 years.  In 1998, Congress passed the Nazi War Crimes Records Disclosure Act to ensure that the records of our national security and intelligence agencies related to the criminal activities of the Nazi regime could, after more than half a century, become public.  During the 106th Congress, I introduced, and the President signed into law, the Japanese Imperial Army Disclosure Act which expanded the scope of the original statute to cover war crimes that occurred in the Pacific theater.  That legislation was sought by a large number of Californians who believed that there was an effort to keep information about possible Japanese Imperial Army abuse of war prisoners from the public record.  Indeed, both pieces of legislation were much needed because many of the records and documents regarding Germany's and Japan's wartime activities were classified and hidden in U.S. government archives and repositories. Even worse, according to some scholars, some of these records were being inadvertently destroyed.  The statutes were designed to work through an Interagency working group which would ensure that the documents that needed to be declassified would be declassified, and that the process would occur in an orderly and expeditious manner.  At the time, it was recognized that there could be circumstances where classification was still appropriate, so the best way for the working group to conduct its work was to do so in coordination with other agencies. What we did not recognize was the bureaucratic setbacks that the working group would encounter.  The bottom line here is that the working group did its part and tried diligently to meet its deadline. Nevertheless, despite the group's best efforts, it appears that delay and confusion on the part of the CIA have obstructed its progress.  As a result, the working group, through no fault of its own, was unable to complete this important work within the timetable that the legislation contemplated and now requires additional time to finish.  I find this to be very unfortunate because the time has already long since passed for the full truth to come out.  However, I have been assured that the intelligence community, in general, and the CIA, in particular, have a renewed understanding of the importance of this matter and will now work expeditiously with the working group until the work is completed.  With the fast-thinning ranks of our brave American World War II veterans, it is all the more imperative that the truth comes out sooner, not later. Especially for those that were the victims of war crimes, there should be a full accounting of what happened so that old wounds have a chance to heal.  We need to pass this legislation now so the working group can finish the work that it has started before it is too late. Our veterans gave and risked their lives for this country. The least we can do is provide them with the truth before they are all gone.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  