 President, I rise today to voice my support for amendment No. 2371 offered by Senators Snowe and Wyden, which I am pleased to cosponsor. The amendment ensures that the Health and Human Services, HHS Secretary has an active role in managing the costs of the newly-created Medicare prescription drug program, part D, by striking language in the Medicare Modernization Act of 2003 that prohibits the HHS Secretary from using the bulk purchasing power of the Federal Government to obtain prescription drugs at the lowest possible cost to taxpayers.  On the eve of the vote on the final Medicare bill, my colleague Senator Wyden and I agreed that this prohibition language, also referred to as ``the noninterference clause,'' was a major flaw in the overall bill. Although we both voted in favor of the bill because it afforded seniors and the disabled the first-ever opportunity to voluntarily sign up for a drug benefit in Medicare, we agreed to work to repeal this prohibition language in the bill. I have been pleased to join with Senators Snowe and Wyden on legislation the past two Congresses to do just that.  Since casting my vote on the final Medicare bill which, at the time, I believed was for a $400 billion bill, we have all learned that more accurate estimates of the cost of the overall bill were withheld from Congress and that the true cost of the bill will now exceed $720 billion over the next 10 years. Now, more than ever, Congress must do everything it can to ensure that the government and taxpayer dollars are getting the best deal out there on the cost of drugs covered by Medicare.  That is what this amendment will do. The amendment strikes the so-called ``noninterference'' clause, gives the HHS Secretary authority to negotiate prices with drug manufacturers, and requires that the HHS Secretary do so for covered part D drugs for each fallback prescription drug plan--plans where the Federal Government is assuming the risk--and upon the request of an approved prescription drug plan or a medicare advantage prescription drug plan.  What the amendment does not do is require the Secretary to set drug prices or formularies. I have heard the argument that this amendment will result in price controls. That argument has been made time and time again by drug companies who would rather profit from the Federal Government paying too much for drugs than allow the Federal Government to use its purchasing power to negotiate for the best deals on drug prices.  The reality is that this amendment specifically states that the Secretary may not require a particular formulary or institute a price structure for the reimbursement of covered part D drugs.  I have also heard the argument that the Secretary won't be able to negotiate better drug prices than private plans currently do. I come from a State with the largest purchasing power in the country for drugs in its Medicaid program and it is clear that the size of California's market has helped California's ability to negotiate more competitive drug prices in Medicaid.  But don't take my word for it. In 2004, CBO stated, ``giving the Secretary an additional tool--the authority to negotiate prices with manufacturers of such drugs--would put greater pressure on those manufacturers and could produce some additional savings.'' With respect to sole source drugs, CBO went on to say, ``there is potential for some savings if the Secretary were to have the authority to negotiate prices with manufacturers of single-source drugs that do not face competition from therapeutic alternatives.''  Prescription drug prices for existing drugs--these are not new drugs, but old ones--have been rising at two to three times the inflation rates, according to the Government Accountability Office. So I ask the question: Why are we not doing everything in our power to ensure the Federal Government is getting the lowest prices for drugs?  The Snowe-Wyden amendment ensures fiscal responsibility in an entitlement program whose escalating costs pose a very serious problem for future generations. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this amendment and urge my colleagues to support the amendment.  