 President, the overwhelming question I have--and let me ask everybody here--is the public interest better served by 41 Senators stating on the floor of the Senate why they are filibustering a nominee, as Senator Schumer did, as others have done earlier, and the reasons hang out in public? Everybody can hear the reasons; they can be refuted. There are reasons given with specificity. They are based on opinions, they are based on speeches, they are based on writings, and they are discussed right on the floor in public. Or is the public interest better served by one Senator, in secret, putting a hold on a nominee or blue-slipping the nominee and preventing that nominee from ever having a hearing, from ever having a markup, from ever having a vote in the Senate, and it is all done on the QT, no discussion, no debate. It is, as I said, the epitome of blackballs that exists in the Senate.  All during the Clinton years, Republicans did not argue that checks and balances had gone too far. In fact, the opposite occurred. Republicans went to the floor to defend their right to block nominations. Senator Hatch is a good friend of mine, but nonetheless here is his 1994 statement about the filibuster:       It is one of the few tools that the minority has to protect      itself and those the minority represents.  That was on judges. That was the chairman of the Judiciary Committee.  In 1996, Senator Lott, then the leader, stated:       The reason for the lack of action on the backlog of Clinton      nominations--  That is an admission there were backlogs of Clinton nominations--     was his steadily ringing office phones saying ``No more      Clinton Federal judges.''  Also, in 1996, Senator Craig said:       There is a general feeling that no more nominations should      move. I think you'll see a progressive shutdown.  Now there are crocodile tears and people are upset because 41 of us--not 1--41 want to debate in public. We have voted no on cloture because we believe our views are strong enough, that our rationale is strong enough and substantive enough to face public scrutiny and warrant an extended debate in the true tradition of the Senate.  We may not all agree. Our country is based on a foundation that protects the freedom to disagree, to debate, to require compromise. Neither party will always be right when it comes to the best policies for our country, and neither party will always be in power. So, as I said initially, it is important to put this political posturing in context. I believe filibusters should be far apart and few, and should be reserved for the rare instances for judicial nominations that raise significant concerns.  I voted against cloture in my Senate career of 12 years on only 11 judicial nominations and voted to confirm 573. I believe judicial nominees must be treated fairly and evenhandedly. I also believe it is the duty of the Senate to raise concerns or objections when there are legitimate issues that need to be discussed.  Discharging our obligation to advise and consent is not an easy task, especially when it involves making a choice to oppose a nomination. As I discussed earlier, I strongly believe the use of the blue slip and anonymous holds has been abused in previous Congresses. During the reorganization of the Senate in 2000, Senators Daschle and Leahy worked to make the process more fair and public. At that time, a blue slip was no longer allowed to be anonymous and instead became a public document. This refining forced Senators opposed to a nominee to be held accountable for their positions. They could not hide behind a cloak of secrecy. This step also wiped out many of the hurdles that had been used to defeat nominations, so many of the tools used by Republicans in the past, and referred to as a way to draw distinctions with a public cloture vote, are no longer available.  Today the blue slip is still used. However, with each chairmanship, its effectiveness and its role has been modified. Each chair of the Judiciary Committee says they are going to adhere to the blue slip in a different way. That is the anomaly in this process. One person in Judiciary decides what the rules are going to be. This is what we ought to change.  Recently, Senator Specter, for example, has indicated he will honor negative blue slips. It is a piece of paper that Senators from a nominee's home state send in. If you do not send them in or if you say you do not favor the nominee, that nominee does not proceed. So Senator Specter has said he will honor negative blue slips when they are applied to district court nominees and that even one negative blue slip will be considered dispositive. However, when it comes to circuit court, blue slips will be given great weight but will not be dispositive on a nomination.  Given that the meaning and effect of a blue slip has changed, and I suspect will continue to change depending on which party controls the Senate and which party is in the White House, I believe the blue slip process should be eliminated altogether. In reality, its usefulness has already been lost.  Instead, I have long supported the creation of a specific timeline for how judicial nominations should be considered. Three months after nominations are submitted by the President, they should be given a hearing in the Judiciary Committee. In 6 months they should be given a vote in the committee. And in 9 months, floor action should be taken on the nomination. But the filibuster should remain the basic right of this institution. I believe implementing this timeframe would go a long way toward alleviating the tension that has plagued the consideration of judicial nominees.  I would like to spend a few moments, since I believe I have the time, on one nominee. It is the nominee who comes from California. Of course I represent California. This is very hard for me to do, but I believe this nominee clearly indicates the legitimacy of our position. I would like to turn to the President's choice for a seat on the most powerful appellate court in the Nation, the DC Circuit, Janice Rogers Brown.  In the case of this particular nominee, out of all the nominations, Justice Brown, in my view, is the clearest cut. She has given numerous speeches over the years that express an extreme ideology, I believe an out-of-the-mainstream ideology. In those speeches she has used stark hyperbole, startlingly vitriolic language. That has been surprising, especially for a judge, let alone a State Supreme Court justice from my State. But statements alone would not be enough for me to oppose her nomination, because there are many nominees whose opinions I have strongly disagreed with and voted to confirm. Jeffrey Sutton and Thomas Griffith immediately come to mind.  Rather, my concern is that these views expressed in Justice Brown's speeches also drive her legal decisionmaking. On far too many occasions she has issued legal opinions based on her personal political beliefs, rather than existing legal precedent. Let me give some instances.  In a speech to the Institute for Justice on August 12, 2000, Justice Brown stated this:       Today, senior citizens blithely cannibalize their      grandchildren because they have a right to get as much free      stuff as the political system will permit them to extract.  From the context of the speech, it is clear Justice Brown is referring to Social Security and Medicare, two essential programs that protect individuals in their retirement, and two programs that today's senior citizens have been contributing to financially for decades.  Unfortunately, her legal decisions reflect the same visceral hostility toward the rights of America's seniors. Let me give you an example.  In Stevenson v. Superior Court, Justice Brown wrote a dissenting opinion that would have changed California law to make it more difficult for senior citizens to demonstrate age discrimination. A Republican justice, writing for the majority of the California Supreme Court, criticized Justice Brown's opinion and he stated this:       The dissent's real quarrel is not with our holding in this      case, [meaning the majority] but with this court's previous      decision . . . and even more fundamentally with the      legislature itself. . . . The dissent [of Justice Brown]      refuses to accept and scarcely acknowledges these holdings.  ``These holdings'' being the law of the State of California.  Justice Brown's open disdain toward Government is also disturbing, especially in light of her nomination to the District of Columbia Circuit. Let me explain why this is so important. The DC Circuit is the most prestigious and powerful appellate court below the Supreme Court because of its exclusive jurisdiction over critical Federal constitutional rights and Government regulations. Given this exclusive role, the judges serving on this court play a special role in evaluating Government actions.  Janice Brown's statements on the Federal Government raise serious concerns about how she would perform on the DC Circuit if given a lifetime position. Let me illustrate.  At a 2000 Federalist Society event, Justice Brown stated:       Where government moves in, community retreats, civil      society disintegrates, and our ability to control our own      destiny atrophies. The result is: families under siege, war      in the streets, unapologetic expropriation of property, the      precipitous decline of the rule of law, the rapid rise of      corruption, the loss of civility and the triumph of deceit.      The result is a debased, debauched culture which finds moral      depravity entertaining and virtue contemptible.  We asked her about these statements in the Judiciary Committee. Her answer was, ``Well, I write my own speeches.'' So these are her words. These are her words, of somebody going on the DC Circuit with enormous hostility to virtually anything the Government would do, and saying the Government is responsible for the loss of civility, the triumph of deceit.  Justice Brown's statements and actions demonstrate that she is an activist judge with an unfortunate tendency to replace the law as written with her own extreme personal beliefs. This is not the kind of judge who should be on the nation's second most powerful court.  