 President, I want to share my views on the nomination of Carlos Gutierrez to become United States Secretary of Commerce.  Mr. Gutierrez's rise in the ranks at Kellogg Company--from selling cereal out of a truck in Mexico City 30 years ago, to serving as the company's CEO--is truly a remarkable achievement. Such business expertise will be pivotal for Mr. Gutierrez as Secretary of Commerce. In part, for this reason, I am confident that Mr. Gutierrez is a qualified candidate for this office.  Nonetheless, I believe that it is important to take note of the breadth of agencies and issues that the Secretary of Commerce oversees.  Advancing technology, trade, and business development are just a few of the important responsibilities that the Secretary of Commerce must assume. Particularly, in my home State of California, the Secretary has enormous influence.  The Secretary is responsible for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, NOAA, which is critical to our ability to make use of oceanic and atmospheric research. For instance, NOAA operates the National Tsunami Mitigation Program, which NOAA created in 1997 and maintains in the Pacific Ocean today.  The Secretary of Commerce also oversees the International Trade Administration--ITA. In agriculture, manufacturing and numerous other sectors, trade plays a vital role in the daily lives of Californians. According to the ITA's latest data, 55,421 companies exported goods from California in 2002. Of these companies, the overwhelming majority were small or mid-sized enterprises with fewer than 500 employees.  I believe that strengthening our relationships with trading partners is fundamental to the continued growth of California businesses. With the Secretary's leadership, fair and balanced trade policies will help California's markets increase our export capacity even further.  I applaud the nominee's openness in his previous statements on the need for reforming specific trade policies that need improving. I hope that Mr. Gutierrez will be a force for leveling the playing field for trade in the future.  Although his role representing Kellogg Company was decidedly narrower than that of Commerce Secretary, I expect that Mr. Gutierrez will weigh every position and consequence when considering trade policy. The people of California and the United States depend on it.  Much of the Commerce Secretary's time must be spent encouraging business development. Too many jobs go overseas and I believe that a robust policy to vigorously promote job growth should be a top priority for the Secretary.  Since 2001, over 2.7 million manufacturing jobs have been lost. We have also sustained net job losses in the private sector since 2001 and household median income continues to lag. We can and must do better.  Through agencies like the Economic Development Agency--EDA, the Commerce Secretary can be a real catalyst for economic growth. By funding public works projects and innovative enterprises the EDA brings opportunity to the communities that need it most.  I hope that as Commerce Secretary, Mr. Gutierrez will aggressively protect American jobs and encourage job creation, making full use of resources like the EDA.  The responsibilities of the Secretary of Commerce are complex and far-reaching, and this will certainly be a challenging position for Mr. Gutierrez.  There is a great deal of work to be done, and I look forward to a productive working relationship with Mr. Gutierrez.  