 President. I rise today with Senator Voinovich to introduce legislation to expand the federal loan forgiveness program to include Head Start teachers.  Nationwide, only 30 percent of Head Start teachers have completed a baccalaureate or advanced degree program.  In California, that number is even smaller: about eighteen percent of Head Start teachers have completed a bachelor's degree.  To prepare Head Start children for elementary school, we must recruit highly qualified teachers who have demonstrated knowledge and teaching skills in reading, writing, early childhood development, and other areas of the preschool curriculum with a particular focus on cognitive learning.  Recruiting and maintaining teachers with such qualifications is the only way to jump-start cognitive development and ensure that our children start elementary school ready to learn.  A survey conducted by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services called the Head Start Family and Child Experiences Survey (FACES) found a strong relationship between the education of Head Start teachers and classroom quality. Teachers with higher education levels were found to be more sensitive and responsive to their children, to have more high quality language activities, and more creative activities in their classrooms.  Teachers with higher levels of education also had classes with higher quality language activities such as reading books for the children and provided more opportunities for children to develop skills in expressing thoughts.  Head Start is the primary federal program that has the potential to reach out to low-income children early in their formative years when their cognitive skills are just developing.  We know that poor children disproportionately start school behind their peers--they are less likely to count to 10 or to recite the alphabet.  Many of our nation's youngsters enter elementary school without the basic skills necessary to succeed. Often these children lag behind their peers throughout their academic career.  As taxpayers, we will spend millions on efforts to help these children catch up. Many of these children will never catch up. A recent national study by 