  We have talked about credit card debt increasing. Let me talk a little bit about what it is today. It has increased from about $251 billion in 1990 to over $790 billion in the year 2000. That is an increase of 300 percent.  There has been a dramatic rise in personal bankruptcies during these same years. In 1990 there were 718,107 personal bankruptcies. In 2000 that number had almost doubled to 1,217,972 personal bankruptcy filings. In 2004 it went up again, to 1,563,145 personal bankruptcy filings. Many of these personal bankruptcies are from people who get a credit card. It looks alluring. They do not recognize what a 17-, 18-, 19-percent interest rate can do. They pay just the minimum payment. They pay it for 1 year, 2 years--they have something else, they get another card, they get another card, they get another card, they do the same thing.  They get 2 or 3 years down the pike and they find that the interest on the debt is such that they can never repay these cards, and they do not know what to do about it.  We say that the credit card companies have some responsibility. During the first 6 months of the minimum payment of the balance, the credit card companies, under this amendment, would just put forward what they negotiated to put forward in California. There are a couple of options, and it is just really incremental debt sizes. If you have $1,000 worth of debt, and you make the minimum payment, this is what happens. If you have $2,500 worth of debt or $5,000 worth of debt, this is what happens. So there is that scheme and that is in the underlying bill. Or another one, which is $250, $500, or $750 in debt.  After that, if the consumer makes only minimum payments for 6 consecutive months, then this is where the bill comes in. The credit card company is responsible for letting the individual know essentially how much interest they have, and disclose in each subsequent bill the length of time and total cost which is required to pay the debt plus interest.  People have to know this. If they are a minimum-payment person, they have to know what it means to make those minimum payments over a substantial period of time.  The amendment would also require that credit card companies be responsible to put out a 800 number, included on the monthly statement, where consumers can call to get an estimate of the time it would take to repay their balance, if only making minimum payments, and the total amount of those payments. If the consumer makes only minimum payments for these 6 months they, then, receive the 800 number and they can begin to get involved and understand it.  Senator Kyl pointed out the differences between our bill and the Akaka amendment. The underlying bill, as I said, provides only for basic payment disclosure. The bill does not require credit card companies to disclose to card holders exactly how much each individual card holder will need to pay, based on his or her own debt, if a card holder is only making minimum payments.  As I said, what we do is after 6 months of these basic minimum payments, then the credit card company must let the individual know: You have X dollars remaining on your debt, the interest is Y, and your payout time will take Z, or whatever it is.  We think this is extraordinarily important. We believe it will minimizebankruptcies. This, I suppose, is what I deeply believe. When companies charge very substantial interest rates, they have an obligation to let the credit card holder know what those minimum payments really mean, in terms of the ability of a minimum payment to completely pay back that debt--how long it takes. I have people close to me I have watched, with six or seven credit cards, and it is impossible for them, over the next 10 or 15 years, to pay off the debt if they continue making just minimum payments. Therefore, they have to find a way to resolve that debt. To date, you have two recourses.  One recourse is you go into a counseling center and they can repackage all this debt for you and put it into one and somehow work out an agreement with the credit card company. I tried to do this for someone. As a matter of fact, the credit card company would not agree to any reduced payment. Or they go into bankruptcy.  These huge numbers of bankruptcy filings show that this is, indeed, a problem. If we are going to have a bankruptcy bill, and I certainly support a bankruptcy bill, it is also important that the credit card companies play their role in disclosure. That disclosure is that if you make a minimum payment, and your interest is 17, 18, 19 percent or even 21 percent, here is what it means in terms of the length of time you will be paying your bill and what it will take to pay that bill.  I think you will have people who are more cautious, which I believe is good for the bankruptcy courts in terms of reducing their caseloads, and also good for American consumers.  I join with Senators Kyl and Brownback in presenting this amendment, which is a kind of compromise to the Akaka amendment, in hopes that the Senate will accept it.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Martinez). The Senator from Alabama is recognized.  