 President, as a strong supporter of California's college athletes, I rise today with Senator Boxer in support of S. Res. 12 commending the University of Southern California Trojans football team for winning the 2004 Bowl Championship Series national championship game.  No one who witnessed the Trojans decisive 55 to 19 victory over the University of Oklahoma in the FedEx Orange Bowl can deny that USC is the best college football team in the Nation. Led by Head Coach Pete Carroll, the Trojans brought home their 11th national championship, their 22nd straight win, and 27th victory in a bowl game, second all time to only the University of Alabama.  Not even the most die-hard Trojan fan could have anticipated such a win.  In addition to winning 13 games during the 2004 season for the first time in the history of the school, USC became the first team since the University of Nebraska in 1994-1995 to repeat as Associated Press national champions and the second team to start and finish the season at number one in the Associated Press poll. As the number one team in the country, they took on the best and they beat the best.  Every USC player deserves praise and recognition for their fine play on the field, but I would like to particularly point out the accomplishments of Heisman Trophy winner and Associated Press Player of the Year, quarterback Matt Leinert, who completed 18 of 35 passes for a total of 332 yards and set an Orange Bowl record with five touchdown passes. There were times when he could do no wrong and his play reminded me of a couple quarterbacks from my hometown team, the 49ers: Joe Montana and Steve Young.  Matt has also distinguished himself by announcing that he would return to school for his senior year, foregoing an opportunity to be the first pick in the National Football League draft. I wish more college athletes would follow his lead.  Ultimately, however, this was a team win featuring a high scoring offense and a tenacious defense. USC ranked in the top 10 in every defensive category and set a school record by scoring at least 20 points in the last 38 games.  Led by All-Americans Matt Leinert, tailback Reggie Bush, defensive tackle Shaun Cody, and linebacker Matt Grootegoed, USC brought much pride to the University and the Pacific Ten Conference.  Legions of Trojan fans across the country celebrated the victory and have already made plans for a return trip to the championship game in 2005.  And anyone who has seen a USC game over the past few years knows that another championship run is a strong possibility.  Let me also take a moment to congratulate the University of Oklahoma Sooners for their great season. They were a worthy opponent and a credit to the University and their State.  Years from now, as Americans engage in one of their favorite pastimes and debate the great college football teams of all-time, the 2004 University of Southern California Trojans will surely make the list. I congratulate the team once again for their incredible season and I look forward to watching them make another run at a championship next year.  