 113. A bill to modify the date as of which certain tribal land of the Lytton Rancheria of California is deemed to be held in trust; to the Committee on Indian Affairs.  Mr. President, I rise today to introduce legislation that would strike a small provision in the Omnibus Indian Advancement Act of 2000; language that circumvents the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act's common-sense protections and safeguards against the inappropriate siting of Nevada-style casinos.  In December 2000, a one-paragraph provision was attached to the Omnibus Indian Advancement Act taking land into trust for a single Indian tribe--the Lytton--with the aim of allowing the tribe to bypass the federal and state review process and expedite plans to establish a large, off-reservation gaming complex in an urban area near San Francisco. Most astoundingly, this provision included a clause which mandated that the Secretary of Interior backdate the acquisition of this land to October 17, 1988--despite the fact that the land was actually taken into trust in 2004. This backdating permitted the tribe to completely circumvent the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act's requirements for gaming on newly acquired lands and avoid an important consultative process prescribed in federal law.  Today California is home to 110 federally recognized tribes. Sixty-six tribes have gaming compacts with the state and there are 57 tribal casinos. With more than 50 tribes seeking federal recognition and approximately 25 recognized tribes seeking gaming compacts from the Governor, revenues from California's tribal gaming industry are expected to be the highest of any state's by the end of the decade. According to the latest statistics released by the National Indian Gaming Commission, in 2003 California by itself accounted for about half of the increase in gaming revenues nationwide.  Mr. President, I have serious reservations about the expansion of Nevada-style gaming--with its slot machines and in-house banking--into urban areas, and I am particularly concerned about off-reservation gambling and ``reservation shopping''. Off-reservation casinos often cause counties additional costs in public and local services, intrude on residential areas, and are responsible for an increase of traffic and crime within local communities.  That is why Section 20 of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act requires that tribes complete a ``two-part determination'' process prior to engaging in Class III gaming on newly acquired, or off-reservation lands. Under this law, tribes seeking to game on lands acquired after October 17, 1988, must receive the approval of both the state Governor and the Secretary of the Interior. In addition, this process requires that the Secretary of the Interior consult with local communities and nearby tribes before making a final decision in these cases.  In August 2004, the Lytton tribe and the Governor of my state reached an agreement on a compact that would have permitted the development of a 6-8 story casino housing 5,000 slot machines. Notably, this would be the largest inventory of slot machines found in any casino outside of Connecticut. After the State Legislature balked at approving this massive deal, the Governor and the tribe agreed to put forward a revised compact that would allow for a 2,500 slot casino, while permitting the tribe to negotiate for additional slots in 2008. This latest proposal remains unratified by the State Legislature.  Mr. President, without this legislation, the Lytton tribe will be able to open a massive gambling complex in a metropolitan area outside the regulations set up by the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act. Allowing this to happen would set a dangerous precedent not only for California, but every state where tribal gaming is permitted.  