 President, I rise today in support of Senator Cantwell's motion to strike the provision to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, ANWR, for drilling from the Budget Reconciliation Act.  Let me be clear: I am opposed to drilling in the Arctic. I am also opposed to attaching this provision to the budget reconciliation bill. ANWR is a prominent national issue, arousing the deep passions of people on both sides. Regardless of one's view on the issue, the question of whether to open the refuge to drilling warrants an independent debate on the floor of the U.S. Senate.  The refuge's coastal plain, which is what would be opened up for drilling, is the ecological heart of the refuge, the center of wildlife activity, and the home to nearly 200 wildlife species, including polar bears, musk oxen, and caribou.  Today, the Senate is going to vote to open ANWR in the most environmentally harmful way. Rather than protecting this unique habitat, the legislation before us directs the Secretary of Interior to open the Refuge for drilling based upon an environmental analysis conducted 18 years ago, in 1987.  This environmental analysis was controversial when it was originally published. It was then challenged in court in the early 1990s. However, the claims were dismissed because at the time, Congress was not actively considering legislation to drill the Arctic Refuge.  As a result, this legislation would bypass the environmental process that all drilling projects must undergo. It would also waive the normal judicial review requirements. In other words, the Senate is going to authorize opening the Refuge, and is going to make sure that there are absolutely no impediments to drilling, including the normal course of environmental and legal review.  This is simply unacceptable.  And why are we destroying this refuge? The Department of Energy estimates that opening the Refuge would lower gasoline prices one cent per gallon 20 years from now.  Let's not fool ourselves. Opening the Arctic Refuge will not lower energy prices.  If we were serious about helping people with rising energy costs, we would be talking about helping low-income Americans pay their heating bills this winter. Yet the Senate continues to vote down fully funding the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, LIHEAP.  If we truly wanted to bring down gasoline costs, we would be talking about increasing fuel economy standards in our heaviest, most polluting vehicles.  Yet, instead, we are talking about opening one of our Nation's last pristine environments.  This giveaway comes at a time of record profits for the oil industry. Late last week, the oil companies reported their third quarter profits. The top five oil companies reported huge profit increases in the third quarter of 2005:  ExxonMobil reported third quarter profits of $9.92 billion, an increase of 75 percent from the third quarter in 2004;  ConocoPhillips reported third quarter profits of $3.8 billion, an increase of 89 percent from the third quarter of 2004;  Shell reported third quarter profits of up $9.03 billion, an increase of 68 percent from the third quarter of 2004;  ChevronTexaco reported third quarter profits of $3.6 billion, an increase of 12 percent from the third quarter in 2004; and  BP reported third quarter profits of $6.53 billion, an increase of 34 percent from the third quarter in 2004.  If Congress is truly serious about addressing the issue of high gasoline prices, then we need to take a look at why oil companies continue to make increasingly high profits and how they can reinvest those profits into improving our Nation's energy infrastructure.  Gas prices will not be lowered by opening the Refuge. At its peak, oil production from the Refuge would only be about 1 percent of world oil production.  It is not worth damaging the Nation's only Refuge for less than 1 percent of the world's oil output. This Refuge encompasses a complete range of arctic ecosystems and that provides essential habitat for many species.  It is clear to me that drilling would not give us energy security and would, in fact, carry huge environmental costs.  And this country does not even need this source of oil in order to reduce gas prices. The most effective way to reduce gas prices is to increase fuel economy standards. In a 2001 report, the Congressional Research Service wrote, according to the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Fuel Equivalents to Potential Oil Production from the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, ANWR:       The Energy Information Administration (EIA) says that a      technology-driven projection for cars and light trucks could      increase fuel economy by 3.6 miles-per gallon by 2020. The      fuel economy improvement through the first 20 years would      generate average daily oil savings equivalent to four times      the low case and three-fourths of the high case projected for      ANWR oil production. Extended through 50 years, the fuel      economy savings would range from 10 times the low case to      more than double the high case for ANWR.  And that is an extremely modest assumption for the technology that exists today to increase fuel economy standards.  Imagine if we implemented a 30 percent increase in fuel economy standards, which is technologically feasible, according to BusinessWeek, September 26, 2005.  If this Congress were serious about increasing our energy security, reducing our dependence on oil, and lowering gas prices, we would be working on legislation that would increase fuel economy standards, not trying to drill our way out of the problem as we are doing today.  We need to find real solutions to the problems of high energy prices, energy security, and global warming. We should be encouraging energy efficiency, promoting the development of new and alternative fuels, and supporting the invention and commercialization of new vehicle technologies. This provision accomplishes not even one of these goals.  I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting Senator Cantwell's motion to strike the provision to open ANWR to drilling.  