  These programs are vital to our Nation's low and moderate income neighborhoods, as these are the communities who need these programs the most.  Despite the proven results of the CDBG program and the other 17 community and economic development programs, the fiscal year 2006 budget proposes to consolidate these programs into a single Commerce Department program, resulting in a $1.89 billion cut.  In fiscal year 2005, the total budget for all 18 community and economic development programs proposed to be consolidated, including CDBG, was $5.6 billion.  The administration's proposal only provides $3.7 billion for all 18 programs, leading to a $1.89 billion cut in community development funds.  This major reduction would have a devastating impact on our Nation's neediest communities and families who rely on these programs.  The loss of funds would also impact our Nation's economy, affecting small businesses who receive loans to finance projects that lead to the creation and retention of jobs.  The Sarbanes' amendment would restore the proposed $1.89 billion cuts to the CDBG program and 17 other community and economic development programs, such as the Community Development Loan Guarantees Program and Community Development Financial Institutions Fund; retain the administration of these important programs at their current agencies. For example, the CDBG program would remain at HUD and not be transferred to the Department of Commerce; accomplish this by closing tax loopholes that an overwhelming majority of Senators voted to close in the last Congress.  While the vote to close tax loopholes was not enacted, it offers us a bipartisan way to save community and economic development programs.  The Community Development Block Grant Program is one of the most effective Federal domestic programs to revitalize urban and rural communities.  Over the past 30 years, cities, counties, and States have used more than $105 billion in CDBG funds.  Over 95 percent of CDBG funds have gone to projects and activities principally benefiting low- and moderate-income individuals and families such as housing development, recreation centers, clinics, day-care facilities, and job creation and training.  According to HUD's ``Highlights of Fiscal Year 2004 CDBG Accomplishments,'' CDBG funding led to the creation and retention of more than 90,000 jobs and 85,000 individuals received employment training nationwide in the last year alone.  In 2004, CDBG funds also helped with the rehabilitation of over 130,000 rental units and single family homes, and allowed more than 11,000 Americans to achieve the American Dream and become homeowners.  Additionally, nearly 700 crime prevention and awareness programs werefunded and child care services were provided to 100,065 children in 205 communities across the country.  In my State of California, CDBG grants are critical to both urban and rural cities who rely on these funds to serve many low-income neighborhoods.  In fiscal year 2005, California received over $526 million in CDBG funds, accounting for 12.8 percent of the total $4.1 billion grant program.  Of these funds, for example, California cities and counties received $82.8 million to the city of Los Angeles and $34.6 million to Los Angeles County; $24.6 million to the city of San Francisco; $11.5 million to Riverside County; $8.4 million to San Bernardino County; and $5.5 million to Fresno County.  Over the past 5 years, the diverse use of CDBG funds have allowed Los Angeles County to develop almost 9,000 affordable housing units, to create and preserve over 2,000 jobs, to remove over 32 million square feet of graffiti, and to provide loans and technical assistance to over 5,000 businesses among other programs.  Cuts to the CDBG program would greatly hurt Los Angeles County's low income residents, the primary beneficiaries of CDBG-funded services.  According to 2000 Census data, 17.9 percent of Los Angeles County residents had incomes below the poverty level, a far higher poverty rate than the 12.4 percent national average.  CDBG funds have not only benefited large urban counties like Los Angeles, but rural counties and cities in California as well. Here are a few examples:  The city of Porterville in the Central Valley, which has a population of over 39,000 and an unemployment rate of 12.3 percent, has utilized CDBG funds to rehabilitate over 50 homes and assist more than 200 first time homebuyers purchase their first home. Many of these first time homebuyers are farm worker families.  The city of Victorville, located in San Bernardino County, served over 2,900 senior citizens, youth, homeless, disabled, victims of domestic violence, and low-income families in 2004 with CDGB funds. Over $551,550 in CDBG grants were provided to low-income senior and disabled homeowners to rehabilitate their homes, ensuring that Victorville citizens have a safe place to live.  As you can see, CDBG funds are crucial to closing the disparity between rich and poor in so many communities in California and throughout the country.  As a former mayor, I know that CDBG resources are the most flexible dollars within city government, making them extremely valuable to the economic vitality of local communities.  We cannot allow these funds to be cut.  To do so would send the wrong message to our country's neediest communities and families who rely on these funds the most.  Although CDBG is one of the main community development programs slated for consolidation and cuts in the fiscal year 2006 budget, there are 17 other important programs that would be impacted as well.  Specifically, I would like to touch on a few of the following programs that have had a substantial benefit to counties and cities:  Community Development Loan Guarantees, section 108 loan program, funded at $7 million in fiscal year 2005, is used often with CDBG funds to finance the construction of new facilities and economic development activities such as business loans.  Through the section 108 Loan Program, the city of San Francisco has been able to construct 13 new childcare facilities which created 599 new slots for children of low-income families, and created 200 new jobs through 8 business start ups and expansions.  Brownfields Economic Development Initiative, which received $24 million in fiscal year 2005, used with the section 108 loan program, helps finance the redevelopment of seriously contaminated sites.  Cities throughout California and the Nation have received assistance through these funds to conduct environmental engineering assessments for site cleanup activities.  This amendment would also restore funding for the Community Development Financial Institutions, CDFI, which provides private sector investors with tax credits to raise money for hard to finance development projects in low-income areas, as well as other economic development programs. CDFI received $55 million in funding this year.  These community and economic development programs proposed to be cut in the fiscal year 2006 budget put Federal dollars where they are needed most by funding projects that are unique to the problems they address.  The proposed cuts to the CDBG program and 17 other programs would result in higher unemployment, diminish business creation and retention, increase the number of blighted buildings, and the number of homeless people who cannot find affordable housing.  The loss of these dedicated funds would profoundly affect our country's low and moderate income communities and residents.  We must not allow this to happen.  I urge my colleagues to vote for the Sarbanes amendment to restore funding for CDBG and the 17 other community and economic development programs proposed to be eliminated.  