 President, I wanted to make a brief response, both to the Senator from Georgia and the Senator from Idaho. One of the reasons why I think it is so difficult to look at a broken immigration system is because our immigration system is so big. America takes more immigrants in its regular immigration quota a year than other industrialized countries put together.  If you take that and you take all of the other programs, H-1B, H-2B, the L visas, and all these other visas, it adds up to about 5.5 million people a year who come into our country under one visa or another. It is an enormous job to look over this whole breadth and scope of immigration programs and make the necessary changes.  I think one logical change is if a quota of people coming from Mexico is perhaps too small, people have to wait too long; therefore, there is a huge illegal immigration problem. Nonetheless, we are a nation of laws. If we have the law, we should follow the law. So I am one who believes reform should be done, but in the name of reform I don't believe we should pass a bill quickly on an appropriation bill without going through the necessary steps to adjust it and amend it in the committee.  Let me make a point in response to the Senator from Idaho, and I am pleased that he is a great expert on California agriculture. Since he is, he will know that the great bulk of the workforce is illegal. That workforce has been there for a very long time. I would accept a bill that provided for some adjustment of a workforce that had worked in agricultural labor for 3 years, that had been in California doing it, could show prior work documentation and be vouched for by employers.  According to this bill that we are going to have on the floor--and I assume people feel it is going to sweep through--you only have to work for a hundred days--that is, 575 hours--in 12 months and you are eligible for your family coming, for a temporary green card; and then if you work another time, you get a permanent green card.  Well, this is going--mark my words--to be a huge magnet. When I discuss this with people, they say: There is an eligible date. Look at it here. Do you think people across the border know the eligible date? All they know is they have to be here and work for a hundred days, so come on over. They come over and you cannot find them and they don't go home. What happens is the numbers build up, the people in southern California find people camping in their backyards, in their gullies, and in the parks; there is no housing, the schools are overcrowded, and then people go to the ballot with an initiative. That is what happened in 1994 when proposition 187, unconstitutional as it was, passed. Polls show that if put on the ballot today, it would most likely pass again.  So I have tried to be constructive. I have proposed amendments that have been rejected by the authors in the House and the Senate. I am on the Immigration Subcommittee. Why do any of us serve on a subcommittee, then, if a bill of such enormous dimension--this could be the largest immigration program in history. It could bring millions of people into this country. The workers, their spouses, their minor children are all permitted.  We should know what we do. Now, a hundred days of work, 575 hours of work--if I were on the other side, I would say I can sneak across and get a hundred hours of work, then I can bring in my family and I will have a green card. It is nirvana.  For my State, it is perhaps different--Texas might be the next State, and then Arizona--in terms of sheer numbers and problems. When the President proposed his plan, let me tell you that apprehensions at the border in February went up 14.2 percent; the next month, March, 57.8 percent; April, 79.6 percent. So the call was out there, and people thought, aha, and they tried to come across the border to get into the country. The same thing will happen.  That is why it is important that we figure a way to prevent that from happening. I will provide for an adjustment of status for people who have worked in agricultural labor for a long time, for a substantial period of time.  