 President, I am very pleased to join my chairman, Senator Hutchison, in recommending this 2006 Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies appropriations conference report to the Senate. This is the first year that MILCON has added dramatically to its portfolio, and I want to compliment the chairman of our committee, and I want to compliment her staff for what has been, I think--on what could have been a very difficult bill--a very bipartisan, constructive, team-like, problem-solving effort. I only wish we had more of it in the Senate. But I want the chairman to know how much I am grateful to her for her leadership, and I want her staff to know that as well.  I also thank Chairman Cochran--what Senator Hutchison said was right about the amount of money--and also Senator Byrd for their leadership and diligence in getting this bill through conference and to the Senate floor.  As the chairman said, the conference report before us today is a first. It provides for the infrastructure needs of our military and the health care and other needs of our veterans.  The bill is a big one. It is an $82.57 billion bill. It includes $12.167 billion for MILCON, family housing, environmental cleanup; $70.25 billion for veterans' benefits and health care--that is the big addition--and $157.6 million for several related agencies.  Of the many vital programs the Senator elucidated as funded in this conference report, none is more important than the funding we provide to meet the medical needs of our Nation's veterans. As a Senator from a State with the largest population of veterans in the Nation, I cannot overstate the importance of this issue. We have to support our veterans to the fullest extent possible.  The conference report before us today provides $22.547 billion for veterans medical services. Included in that level is $1.225 billion in contingent emergency funding to make up the projected shortfall in the President's original budget request. The Senate had sought a higher level of funding, and it was my sincere hope that the House, which had zero emergency funding for veterans in its version of the bill, would have agreed to our position and accepted the full amount provided in the Senate bill. That did not happen. But given the huge disparity between the House and Senate funding proposals, the level of funding provided in the conference report is a good start. I commend, again, the chairman for her hard work--for the cooperation of Senator Cochran, chairman of the Appropriations Committee--in bridging the enormous gap between the two bills and ensuring that the conference report did not shortchange our veterans. I do not believe it does shortchange our veterans.  The proposed funding for VA medical services is equal to the level of funding the administration has said it needs for fiscal year 2006. That is clearly a good start. But it offers--and it has to be pointed out--no safety net to our veterans, should the VA's budget once again prove to be wrong. This is a worrisome prospect. Hopefully, the administration got it right this time and the funding will be sufficient, but everyone should know that we will be watching. Additionally, there is much talk floating around the Capitol of an across-the-board cut to discretionary programs. I would like to be clear to everyone, any across-the-board cut to VA medical services will mean cuts in health care for veterans. There is no other way around it. We can't allow it to happen.  As I noted earlier, the medical services proposal includes the $1.225 billion in contingent emergency funding. This means the administration will have to designate the funding as an emergency before it is apportioned to the VA. I want to send this message loud and clear to the administration: Do not sit on this funding and force the VA to have to begin rationing health care. We will not stand for that.  The MILCON portion of the report provides $12.17 billion to fund state-of-the-art facilities. The Senator has mentioned some of them--barracks, housing for military families, and other vital infrastructure for servicemembers around the world.  Army projects were increased by 19 percent; Air Force, by 18 percent; and the Navy, by nearly 8 percent. When enacted, this bill will fund Active-component MILCON at $5.1 billion. We were also able to provide significant increases in funding for Reserve-component MILCON. This is important at a time when our Reserve Forces are being asked to do more than ever before and, in many cases, are being deployed to combat zones overseas multiple times. Ensuring that these troops have adequate facilities in which to train and maintain their equipment is crucial to the success of their mission. To that end, the conferees agreed to increase funding for Army Guard projects by 60 percent, a substantial amount; for Air Guard projects by 83 percent over the President's budget request. In fact, overall funding for Reserve components was increased by 52 percent over the President's budget request, dedicating $1.1 billion for new facilities for our Reserve bases. That is important, and it means that this committee has done an excellent job in recognizing the need.  In summary, I once again thank my chairman, Senator Hutchison. I not only enjoy her collegiality but her friendship as well. I want her to know that that means a great deal to me. I thank Chairman Cochran and Senator Byrd for their leadership. And I would like to thank our staffs who really worked in what I like to believe is a hallmark, sometimes, of this great body, which is bipartisanship. They have shown an unfailing spirit of cooperation. So thank you, Tammy Cameron, Sean Knowles, and Dennis Balkham for Senator Hutchison, and Christine Evans, B. G. Wright, Chad Schulken, and Chris Thompson of my staff.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Chambliss). The Senator from Texas.  