 President, I come to the floor today to discuss the significance that Social Security has for women.  Before the Social Security Act was signed into law by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt nearly 70 years ago, a majority of elderly women in America were living in poverty. If a woman's husband died, she often became destitute or, if she was lucky, went to live with her children or relatives.  The creation of Social Security changed these women's lives for the better. Today only one in five elderly women living on their own is in poverty, though, of course, we wish that number were zero.  Elderly women are now able to live independently and with dignity because of Social Security. We cannot forget the extent to which Social Security has improved the lives of women, and all Americans.  Since its beginning, Social Security has been a mainstay determining what kind of retirement security an individual will have. And because women rely more heavily on Social Security than men, it is a bigger factor in determining their quality of life.  The plan that President Bush is putting forward to reform Social Security would dismantle the most important social program in our Nation's history, upon which millions of Americans rely for their retirement.  I am concerned about this plan because it does not protect the fiscal health of Social Security and would dramatically add to the national debt.  This could be disastrous for women as well as children and minorities because these Americans rely most heavily on Social Security.  Nearly half of all unmarried women 65 and older depend on Social Security for more than 90 percent of their total income.  An even greater number of minorities rely so heavily on Social Security with 66 percent of Hispanics and 74 percent of African Americans in the same category using it for more than 90 percent of their total income.  Additionally, more children are part of families that receive some of their income from Social Security benefits than receive Temporary Assistance for Needy Families.  All of this is underscored by the fact that women face greater economic challenges in retirement than men:  Women tend to live longer than men.  The majority of women's Social Security benefits are based on their husband's earnings, while less than 5 percent of male Social Security beneficiaries depend on their wife's earnings.  Finally, women continue to have lower lifetime earnings than men because, disappointingly, women still earn less than 80 cents on the dollar compared to men, and they are more likely to take time out of their careers to raise a family.  Therefore, any change to Social Security will have a much more powerful impact on women than it will on men.  The administration has tried to instill a sense of urgency for making radical changes to Social Security. I cannot emphasize this enough, there is no crisis.  Despite the cries from the Bush administration, Social Security is not in crisis, though some changes are needed to strengthen its long-term stability.  Based on demographic projections, including the retirement of the baby-boomer generation, there will be more retirees seeking benefits and fewer workers paying payroll taxes. Even so, Social Security is not about to go belly up.  Using very conservative predictions of U.S. economic growth, the Social Security Board of Trustees estimates that promised benefits will continue until 2042, even if no changes are made. Recipients would continue to get 73 percent of their benefits for at least another three decades after that--again, with no dramatic changes to the current system.  To ensure that benefits continue at the current level until 2080, the Trustees say we need $3.7 trillion.  The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, which is headed by a former Chief Economist of President Bush's Council of Economic Advisers, says the Trustees are underestimating economic growth.  They believe that only $2 trillion is necessary to close the gap without any revisions to the program. This means that recipients would be able to get all their promised benefits until 2052 when they would draw 78 percent of their benefits until at least 2080.  These are big numbers, but we can ensure that the fund remains solvent much further into the future by making some balanced, long-term changes. We could do this by repealing President Bush's tax cut for those earning more than $200,000 and transferring the revenues to Social Security, which could save about $2.9 trillion over 75 years; raising the cap for payroll taxes gradually from the current $90,000 to $143,000, which could provide up to $1.6 trillion over 75 years; or asking the Social Security Trustees to present Congress with options for updating the system periodically, which Congress would then vote up or down.  These proposals, and others, deserve careful study so that we fully understand the costs and benefits of each. I deeply believe that our Nation should take the time to do this analysis instead of rushing headlong into one plan or another.  It is apparent that change is needed in the system, though not necessarily the fundamental and dramatic change that the President argues we need in the form of private accounts.  But even the President's own advisors acknowledge his proposal would do nothing to address the Social Security shortfall.  In a leaked White House e-mail, Peter Wehner, one of the President's principal advisors, stated ``we simply cannot solve the Social Security problem with Personal Retirement Accounts alone.''  In fact, establishing these private accounts will drain an estimated $1 trillion to $2 trillion from the Social Security Trust Fund in the first 10 years and more than $4 trillion in the following decade.  Too many retirees depend on Social Security as their main source of income for us to rush into its reform without serious consideration of what is best to save the system for future generations of workers.  Mr. President, the advances of women in the workplace are a big reason for the great success of Social Security. When Congress takes up this issue, we must not forget how important this program is, especially to the women who have helped it thrive. It is a source of dignity, it is earned and it is a safety net for these women and it cannot be abandoned.  