 President, this is pretty clear here.  What the Senator from Michigan does in his amendment is stick with one part of the change in the law. Right now there is no requirement in the law to file the successive petition that says that the defendant has to explain why he did not file the petition before.  Now, under the Hatch approach and under the approach if adopted by Senator Levin, that is tightened up. Even Senator Levin is saying we have to show cause why this was not raised before. There is only one disagreement before the Senate. That is, what standard of proof do you have to bring forward to show you are innocent?  By implication, they are agreeing a person ought to be able, if there is evidence of innocence, ought to be able to have another petition. Senator Levin says the same thing.  I think every American would say you ought to have another crack at it. The difference is, they say ``clear and convincing.'' Right now, the Supreme Court says, no, you do not have to go that far, but you have to go pretty far. You have to sufficiently establish the constitutional violation. You said what happened to you in the lower court, you say your constitutional rights were violated in a way that probably resulted in the conviction of a person who is actually innocent.  Are we going to quibble over putting someone to death on whether or not we abide by the Supreme Court majority that says all you have to do is say ``probably'' this resulted in a conviction of an innocent person?  But they want to go even further. They want to say, no, ``probably'' is not enough. You have to show that there is clear and convincing. The only thing they do not say is ``beyond a reasonable doubt.''  Keep in mind, folks, what everybody misses, when we talk about habeas corpus, is this is not about having a convicted person go free. That is not what this is about. Nobody under habeas corpus petition goes free. They get a new trial. That is all they are saying here. I sure think this is distinction with a difference that can mean the difference between life and death of an innocent person. I hope they will yield on ``probably'' and not ``clear and convincing.''  