 President, I will ask a question of my friend from Utah, or a generic question. It seems to me that what is happening here on the last amendment and this amendment is that we are allowing ourselves to be captives of a rule that we are setting out that makes no sense. This generalized notion, when one states it, that there should be no exemption sounds like a rule of equity. There should be no exemption. But when cryptosporidium--not a thing you take home in your lunch pail to feed to your children, not a thing that anyone can find any rational basis for thinking it could be beneficial in the food or water chain anywhere along the line. To suggest that you cannot take something that is of nothing but destructive capacity when ingested by human beings and explicitly exempt it from this process that is being put in place, seems to me to make one a victim of your own rule--a rule that is of no value in and of itself.  This generalized notion that everything is on the table, everything has to be considered, is a little bit like saying that when we do the Federal budget, everything is on the table, including whether or not we have an army, or everything is on the table, including whether or not we continue to have a Constitution. There are certain things that are not on the table, and there is no value in anything other than keeping them off the table. Other things that are of such clear, damaging consequences to the public at large should be taken out of the general rule we have here, and we should say flatout, no, flatout cannot--cannot. There is no tolerance level for certain things.  I think we are getting caught up, and we are acting like lawyers. I am a lawyer, and I do not accuse my friend from Wisconsin of being a lawyer. I know he is not. Everybody always says, ``Do not call me a lawyer.'' Many of us here are lawyers, and we are sounding like lawyers. We are setting up rules. It is almost a tautology that we are constructing here. We are penalizing ourselves by making ourselves subscribe to a generalized proposition that makes no sense.  And so I compliment my friend from Wisconsin in insisting that this change take place. And I think, to put it on the other side of the coin, what the Senator from Utah is saying--what damage is done to this legislation by doing what the Senator from Wisconsin wants? If we are going to err, does it not make sense to err on the side of seeing to it that there is not a repeat of the situation that occurred in the Senator's State? Does it not make sense to err on that side? What damage are we doing to a specific industry, a specific economic interest, a specific company by doing what the Senator wants? And even if we were, so what?  I find this to be getting to be a very tortured discussion. So I hope our colleagues--and I know the last thing in the world my colleague from Utah would want to happen would be to change the law in such a way that we increase the possibility of what the Senator from Wisconsin is trying to prevent from happening again. This bill requires the agency to conduct all of the analysis required by this bill within 180 days, even if there is an emergency.  I thought an emergency meant an emergency. I do not think the American people think that when they talk about emergency, they are talking about 180 days. Is that an emergency? How many people could we lose in 180 days? How much damage can be done? That is 6 months. We are not talking about an emergency where somebody says, I found this out today and tomorrow it stops. That is, I think, an unrealistic timeframe for conducting risk assessment and peer review and cost-benefit analysis, all of which is required.  Assuming those requirements can be met, the bill then allows regulated parties to come in and challenge whether the benefits justify the cause, or that the agency adopt the cheapest regulatory alternative, or whether any analysis that is conducted has been done properly, or any number of other issues that can be litigated under this bill. The rule could be tied up in litigation. The parties could seek injunctions to prevent it from going into effect, based on the cumbersome requirements of the bill. And once the rule went into effect, industry could also petition to seek a repeal of the rule, or seek interpretation of the rule, or seek a waiver or an alternative method of compliance. If denied, they could then litigate these issues again in court.  This bill already recognizes that some types of rules should be exempted from the requirements. For example, the bill already exempts rules affecting the banking industry--deposit insurance funds, the farm credit insurance fund. It exempts rules relating to financial responsibility of brokers, dealers of futures, commission merchants, and safeguarding investor security. It exempts anything relating to the introduction of a product into the market. Some of these exemptions could well be sensible on precautions, given the complex, cumbersome, expensive process required by this legislation. But certainly a rule affecting, in this case, cryptosporidium, or in the case of the last amendment, meat inspection and safety, is at least as important as to whether or not those exemptions which I just mentioned, including the banking industry and financial transactions, should be exempt.  So we do have in this legislation, in essence, what the Senator from Wisconsin is seeking.  But guess what it is for? It is not for public health and safety. It is for what my Republican friends seem most concerned about, and they should be concerned, I agree with their concern. But it seems they are concerned about property. Property. Not people--property.  Banking industry, deposit insurance, farm credit insurance. We exempt that, why not exempt things that kill people? I am not arguing we should not exempt what they exempted.  What I do not understand is the generalized statement made that everything is on the table. It is not all on the table. The rules affecting banking are not on the table the same way as the rest. Deposit insurance funds are not on the table the same as everything else.  It is kind of funny. It reminds me--I have been here a long time. I remember when there was a move for the neutron bomb back in the 1970's when Carter was President. The virtue of the neutron bomb was that it killed only people and does not destroy property. That was a really great benefit of the neutron bomb.  We are going to make it very, very difficult under the version my Republican friends are offering, to be able to protect the public on matters relating to things like cryptosporidium or E. coli and many other things, but not difficult to protect the public interest when it comes to Federal deposit insurance.  Now, I think we should do what we have done as it relates to these economic interests, but what I do not understand is why is the thing the Senator is talking about, which literally, if not handled well, causes death, human life is lost, why is it not treated the same way?  I suggest to my friend from Wisconsin, keep at it. Do not buy on--which I know he does not--to the argument that everything is on the table. Everything is not on the table. Everything is not being treated the same way. Things affecting public health and safety are put in one category because business has interest in those things. Things that affect business in terms of potentially being exposed financially are exempted from this cumbersome process.  Do not let them kid you, Senator. These folks understand what they are doing. They understand what they are doing. They are making it easier to make a mistake when it comes to public health and safety and making it, as they should, difficult to make a regulatory mistake when it comes to financial transactions.  I do not think that is what the American people want. I think if you gave them a choice, would they take a risk on a Federal bureaucrat overstepping his or her bounds when it came to clean water, or take a risk at overstepping their bounds when it came to financial institutions, what do you think they would pick? I think they would say, ``I would run the risk of having an overzealous person take care of my water, an overzealous person taking care of my meat, an overzealous person taking care of the air I breathe.''  I know the Senator from Wisconsin. We have worked together too long. If anybody abhors bureaucracy, it is the man from Wisconsin. The Senator is the most no-nonsense businessman I have ever come across.  That is why the Senator has been such a successful businessman as well as such as successful Senator. The Senator is one of the few people on the floor of this Senate who knows how cumbersome bureaucracy can be, who is frustrated by it as a businessman, and worked his way through it to become an incredibly successful businessman, is on the floor here saying, hey, wait a minute, we are going too far here.  I hope the public understands what this is about because it is so complicated. We can get so caught up in this. What does peer review mean? What does it mean when we are talking about all of these various aspects of the bill?  It comes down to simple things. From my standpoint, when it comes to cryptosporidium, which I can hardly pronounce but I know full well what the consequences of its ingestion, I am not as worried about some feckless bureaucrat out there exercising unreasonable power. I do not like bureaucrats exercising unreasonable power. But I want to say this is the place I least worry about it, least worry about it.  Let me say, I would rather have some obnoxious bureaucrat making sure there is no E. coli in the hamburger my kid eats at McDonald's than I would worry about a bureaucrat overstepping their bounds in terms of telling banks what they can and cannot do.  Is it not funny how this debate goes when it comes to money, when it comes to dollars? We do not want to fool around too much. When it comes to human life, when it comes to public health and public safety, well, then, we know how the bureaucrats are.  This is not a defense of bureaucrats. I am a cosponsor of the Glenn bill. I want to remind everyone when the Glenn bill came out in another form--same substance but under another title several months ago--the environmentalists were against it.  The Senator from Wisconsin and the Senator from Delaware are not up here being purists. We realize that bureaucracy gets in the way of business. We realize bureaucracy increases costs unnecessarily for consumers. We realize that Washington does not know all the answers, have all the answers.  That is what the Glenn bill does. But this goes too far. It goes too far. As I said, I think I will go back to my home State, I will not speak for the Senator's State or any other State in the Nation, even presumptuous for me to speak of my own State, although I think I understand it as well as anyone.  I have listened as hard as anyone over the last 25 years I have been in office. I make a bet. Ask them whether or not they are worried about whether or not someone is being overzealous and protecting their water, someone is being overzealous and protecting contaminants in the meat, or feces in the meat that they ingest, and whether that is something they really think the Senate should be worried about right now, and my guess is they are going to say ``You know, Senator, I don't think you are doing enough to make sure my water is clean. I don't think you are doing enough to make sure that the meat, the fish and the poultry I ingest lacks contaminants. I don't think you are doing enough to make sure that the environment and the air I breathe and the water I swim in and the beaches I bathe on are clean.''  ``I do think you are right, Senator, that worrying about pink flamingos and spotted owls and endangered species can be taken to a ridiculous extreme. Senator, when it comes to the water my kid drinks, when it comes to the hamburger my kid eats, when it comes to the beach my kid swims on, I do not think you are doing enough.''  Is that not the essence of what this debate is about? Which side can we err on? I think the Senator from Wisconsin is erring on the right side. I would suggest that this notion that everything is on the table, treated the same way, is not accurate.   I yield the floor.  