 President, I voted for the balanced budget amendment earlier this year, and more recently I cosponsored with Senator Bradley a budget resolution that achieved balance by the year 2002.  I want to restore balance to the Federal budget, Mr. President, but not for its own sake. The balance I seek is a means to achieve more concrete, more human, more important goals than the abstract satisfaction of a tidy balance sheet.  Our country is blessed, Mr. President, in many ways. By many measures our economy is strong.  In the past couple of years we have enjoyed healthy growth in the productivity and output of our economy, by many measures the strongest on the planet.  More Americans have found jobs, and, while you couldn't tell it from the comments of some of my colleagues, Mr. President, the first 3 years of the Clinton administration have seen the first three consecutive reductions in the deficit since the Truman administration.  But there remain fundamental problems, Mr. President, problems that we must not lose sight of as we set our Nation's priorities with the budget resolution vote before us today.  Two fundamental trends have kept the real achievements of our economy from benefiting the majority of Americans.  Those trends are the stagnation, even decline, in the wages and salaries of working Americans, and the increasing inequality in wealth and income that threatens the middle-class stability that has been the ballast of our Nation since its founding.  In many ways, Mr. President, the issues that concern me today are the issues that brought me into public life: How to meet our shared responsibility as public officials.  Our responsibility is to provide for our Nation's future, by nurturing and educating our youth, and by investing in the knowledge and technology on which the economy of the future will be built.  And we must also, Mr. President, honor our commitments to the generations whose achievements in war and peace secured for us our rich inheritance.  The budget resolution before us today sets our Nation's priorities for the next 7 years. How does it measure up to our responsibilities?  I am afraid, Mr. President, that this budget resolution before us today, the compromise struck by Senate Republicans with the House Republicans fails to meet the challenges before us.  I voted against the earlier budget resolution, Mr. President, because it cut too deeply into education and nutrition programs, because it neglected our responsibility to lay the foundations in research and technology on which our future must be built, and because it took too much from our senior citizens and from struggling workers.  Mr. President, this budget resolution is worse than the earlier one.  It cuts $10 billion from student loans. It cuts $270 billion from Medicare, $182 billion from Medicaid. By cutting the earned income tax credit, it raises taxes on working families who are giving their all to stay afloat.  It does all this, Mr. President, at the same time that it envisions tax breaks that would, if they follow the so-called Contract with America, give those among us who are already the most comfortable an even greater share of our national wealth, including the very wealthiest among us.  By slighting investments in our children, by cutting resources for education and research, by increasing the price of college loans, this budget fails to meet our obligation to provide for our Nation's future.  By cutting Medicare and Medicaid, it fails to honor our contract with the generations that went before us.  By increasing taxes on the poorest working families, it reduces the take-home pay of those Americans already struggling to keep body and soul together.  And by saving its generosity for those among us who--deserving as they might be--need it least, this budget drives a wedge of resentment deeper into the cracks already forming in our society.  I will continue to seek ways to restore balance to our Nation's finances, Mr. President. And I will continue to seek ways to restore balance to our Nation's priorities. But I will vote against the budget resolution before us today.  