 President, this is not the best welfare reform bill that Congress could pass. And, this is not how I would have designed a welfare reform bill. There are, in my view, still some problems with it.  But, I cannot ignore why we are here today. Democrats and Republicans sat down together and came up with a bipartisan compromise.  That is what the American people sent us here to do. Not to bicker. Not to fight. Yes, to have honest disagreements. But, in the end, to sit down and work out our differences. That is exactly what happened here on welfare reform.  The result of us working together is a dramatically better bill than when we started. Not perfect. But, much, much better. And, it is far superior to the bill passed by the House of Representatives earlier this year.  The welfare bill before us today stresses that welfare recipients work for their benefits--and many will be required to do so.  It limits the amount of time that individuals can spend on welfare--so that welfare is no longer a way of life.  It takes a significant step toward ensuring that innocent children are protected--by providing safe day care while their mothers are working.  And it toughens the child support enforcement laws--so that everyone knows that when they bring a child into this world, they have a responsibility for that child.  These are the general principles that I have previously outlined as the major components that must be included in any welfare reform bill. And, the requirement that welfare recipients work for their benefits is a proposition that I have advocated since 1987.  Nevertheless, as I said a moment ago, this bill is not perfect. The details are not as good as I believe they could--or should--be.  I believe we could have had a bill that was both more compassionate to the children--by ensuring that they are taken care of even if their parents are kicked off of welfare--and also more demanding of the parents--through even stricter work provisions.  And, I still have concerns about the whole concept of block grants to States.  But, as Senator Moynihan stated long ago, we should not let the best be the enemy of the good. This is not the best bill, but it is a better bill. And, I dare say that after the bipartisan agreement, it is a pretty good bill.  Mr. President, I cannot turn my back on the significant improvements that have been made in this proposal. And I cannot turn my back on the good faith bipartisan effort at reforming our welfare system.  So, I will--despite my continued reservations about some aspects of the legislation--vote for this welfare reform bill.  I only hope that this delicate compromise--and not the draconian House bill--is accepted when the bill goes to conference.  