 President, in keeping with our informality here, let me finish up. I thank my friend from Missouri for speaking to the efficacy of drug courts.  Let me speak to two other pieces of this amendment. One is the rural drug enforcement grants. The latest reports from rural America tell a bitter story of violent crime, murder, rape, aggravated assault. It is rising faster in rural America. Most of our colleagues from urban States do not realize this. It is rising faster in rural America than in urban America.  From 1992 to 1993 alone, the violent crime rate in rural areas increased 7.4 percent; violent crime among juveniles in rural areas--violent crime now--rose 15.2 percent in rural areas.  Drug trafficking and addiction are also skyrocketing in America's rural States, especially among our young people. Drug abuse violations have increased by nearly 30 percent among young people under the age of 18 in recent years.  At the same time, the number of law enforcement employees per 1,000 inhabitants in rural areas has not changed, leaving already understaffed law enforcement teams in rural America to fight devastatingly high increases in serious offenses.  In 1993, the most recent year that data is available, 12 percent of our population or almost 32 million people were served by rural law enforcement agencies.  That is 32 million people who have watched their communities become frighteningly dangerous. That is 12 percent of the population that has witnessed their children becoming increasingly vulnerable to becoming victims of violent crime or becoming involved in drugs, crime and violence.  Rural drug enforcement grants have, we found, been the best way to target assistance to rural area law enforcement agencies. I might point out that Senator Hatch was one of the leaders in making sure this provision was in the crime bill.  These grants, which place a special emphasis on drug enforcement over the 32 million people living in rural areas, give the protection they need and deserve. These dollars can be used for the same purposes State and local officials use their Byrne grant money; specifically, funding will support the highly successful multijurisdictional State, local, and Federal drug enforcement task forces.  These joint efforts have proven that they work. They have a proven track record of reducing drug trafficking in rural America.  Put this in commonsense terms. How can a rural sheriff, a rural chief of police in a town of 800 or 1,000 or 1,500 or 5,000 people, with one officer or maybe as many as three or four, how can they possibly deal with the sophisticated drug operations that come into their areas? They cannot do it.  In the good old days when I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee, many of my colleagues, Republican as well as Democrats, would come to me and say, ``Joe, can you help me get an extra DEA agent in Montana? Can you help me get an extra DEA agent or two of them in Idaho or North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, Maine?'' Small States, but rural States. They are big geographically.  The reason they needed them is their local sheriffs, their local police officer coming to them and saying, ``We need some expert help and advice.'' We even went so far as to allow for the providing of training for local law enforcement officers from rural and small police departments down at the FBI training facility. They need the expertise.  These are brave women and men who are outmanned, outgunned and outsmarted because they are dealing with something that goes well beyond the town limits or the county limits that they have the jurisdiction over.  Ten rural States are eligible for these grants statewide. These States include Alaska, Arkansas, Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Maine, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Vermont, and Wyoming.  I will note that Delaware is not on that list. These States that I mention, these 19 rural States are eligible for statewide grants, although all the remaining States, the remaining 31 States could benefit in their rural areas. Rural areas of all other States will receive funds, as well. These grants must be removed from the unfocused block grant and funded separately. If they are to remain in the block grant scheme, they will have to compete with a great many programs for limited funds.  Let me ask all who are not in the 19 States, what do you think of the possibility your rural law enforcement officer is going to get this money? What do you think the possibility is that your Governor will send it your way? Do you think maybe it will go where the population centers are?  I bet it surprises even some of my colleagues here on the floor to hear me say that violent crime is rising faster in the rural parts of your State than it is in the urban parts of your State.  In the block grant, I very much doubt and I believe you would be hard pressed to convince me or yourself that this money which was specifically earmarked for rural areas and States that are rural in nature, they need the help. So I would like to point out that rural areas often come up last when it comes to the so-called funding fight in each State. This fact has not escaped my colleagues in previous years.  The need for special targets of anticrime funds to rural areas was also expressed by my colleague, Senator Hatch, on February 10, 1994, while he was speaking in support of the Biden-Hatch rural crime amendment, when he said:       We need to get more officers to rural areas where the      violent crime problem is increasing at a greater rate . . .      drugs, crime, and violence are national problems facing both      urban and rural America. Unfortunately, the crime problems      faced in rural America have been overlooked by Federal      agencies in Washington. They have focused on the crime in      urban areas. Yet the problems of rural states need greater      Federal attention as well . . . if there is a place where      additional Federal expenditures is warranted, it is to fight      crime and violence in rural states.  That was what my colleague said February 10, 1994. In the 102d Congress, Senators Adams, Baucus, Bryan, Bumpers, Conrad, Daschle, Fowler, Harkin, Heflin, Leahy, Pryor all cosponsored the Rural Crime and Drug Control Act which I authored and passed in 1991.  I believe areas experiencing growth in violent crime and drugs are areas to which enforcement funds should be targeted, especially when those areas are already underfunded and their enforcement efforts such as in rural areas are undermanned. That is why I am asking the rural drug enforcement grants receive direct funding, so they can guarantee rural areas their fair share of help from the Federal Government in ridding their communities of drugs and crime related to drugs.  Again, I daresay if you go ask your rural law enforcement people what they would rather have, what chance they think they have of getting any adequate funding out of this when it goes into one big pot and it goes into the State legislature and is distributed by the Governor, I wonder if they think they are going to get a fair share. I predict to you they will not.  If the Dole block grant is adopted, the block grant amendment introduced by Senator Dole gives targeted aid to urban areas. The formula for the block grants is targeted to high-crime areas, weighs population in its equation for determining crime rates, and the formula guarantees that urban areas will receive targeted funds while assuming that most rural areas will not receive such aid.  In 1993, the most recent year for which data is available, the murder rate grew 3.4 percent in rural America and it decreased 2.8 percent in the Nation's largest cities. Similarly, the violent crime rate rose 1.4 percent in rural areas, while it decreased 3.4 percent in the largest cities.  But the Dole block grant proposal that is in this bill targets aid to the most populous areas. It clearly does not target funds to those areas most in need, rural America. While violent crime rates, including homicide, forcible rape and assault, are declining in urban areas, they are clearly on the rise in rural America. And rural America does not receive the funds under this block grant proposal. Rural areas have historically had the hardest time producing funds for law enforcement, and it seems to me we should not allow these areas to continue to receive less attention and less antidrug-related money than urban areas just because they are less populous.  This is just an example of the creative budget games that are going on. By providing open-ended block grant funds which may be used for this or any other program, while at the same time significantly cutting the amount of total funding available, my friends are limiting programs such as rural drug enforcement block grants without doing so directly because of where they will have to compete.  The last point I wish to speak to at this moment is the boot camps.  Our ability to reduce crime in a manner depends directly upon our ability to target offenders with the appropriate time of sentence.  This means, of course, we have to identify violent offenders and make sure they go to prison. But it also means we must separate out the nonviolent offenders who can be diverted, potentially, from a career of crime through an intensive cost-effective programs such as military-style boot camps.  That is exactly what we did in 1994 with the Biden crime law. We encouraged the States to identify nonviolent offenders and offer them alternative, more cost-effective programs while we, in fact, kept them incarcerated. We provide $9.7 billion to States to build and operate prisons and we gave them the option to use a portion of that money for boot camps.  This appropriations bill would completely eliminate State flexibility to use boot camps for nonviolent offenders in order to free up conventional prison cells for violent offenders. My amendment would restore the State option, the State flexibility to use boot camps for nonviolent offenders, to use their Federal prison money for boot camps.  Let me first tell my colleagues a little bit about boot camps so they can be clear what we are talking about. Boot camps provide a regimented program of work and exercise for young, nonviolent offenders. And they have shown marked success with young offenders who learn discipline and respect for law and authority.  They are put behind barbed wire. They are locked in. They are essentially put in Quonset huts. Some argue it is inhumane. I argue if it is good enough for a marine to sleep in a Quonset hut, it did not hurt him very much, it sure in heck should not be too tough to put a convicted person, a nonviolent person in such a circumstance.  At the time we did this in the Biden crime bill just about everybody stood up and supported boot camps. It was one of the few things everybody agreed on. Now I am a little concerned. I do not know what has happened that we would go contrary to the trend of the last year, which is to give States more flexibility. I have heard no one argue these boot camps are not worthwhile. I have heard no one argue that States should not be allowed to have them. And I have heard no one argue that States should not have flexibility. So, maybe it was an oversight that States were explicitly prevented from using their prison money to build boot camps. I do not know. But the bottom line is quite simple. Boot camps work to do one very important thing--I suspect many others, but one. That is, I will end where I started.  Two years ago the States convicted--not in Federal court, in State court--several hundred thousand violent offenders were convicted in the State court system. Mr. President, 30,000 convicted, violent offenders never spent a day in jail--30,000, in the States; 30,000 convicted State felons, violent felons, never served a day in jail. The reason they did not is because the State legislatures did not want to go back to their folks in the State and say to get tough on crime we have to build more prisons. To get tough on crime we have to raise your taxes. To get tough on crime we are going to increase our spending. Most States did not do that.  What this does, it gives the States the option to be cost effective. For 40 percent of cost, they can take the nonviolent offenders, who are serving time in a penitentiary, behind bars, in a secure, maximum security facility, put them behind barbed wire with folks with guns watching them, in Quonset huts, and free up hard-core prison space for the violent offenders.  At a minimum that is what boot camps do. At a minimum. They also do much more. But in the interests of time I will not belabor the Senate with that argument.  So, to sum up, what I do here is I come up with a total of $117 million in shifting around of how the Appropriations Committee allocates the money. I take $117 million and I get it two ways. One, I take a total of $21.2 million from State prisons, which were increased by a quarter-billion dollars by this committee over the requested amount, and over what the House has, still leaving a total of $225 million for prison grants. And I take money by increased fees on people obtaining green cards, because they now would have to go home and spend the cost of going home and back to be able to get the green card and now they do not have to do that. It is not onerous. It is a reasonable charge for that privilege. And that is how I get the $117 million in offsets.  I take that money and I put it in the drug courts, drug treatment and prisons and rural drugs as well as law enforcement, family support.  I thank my friend from New Hampshire for his indulgence in listening to my amendment and I will be happy to yield the floor for him or anyone else to speak against the amendment. But I ask unanimous consent to send the amendment to the desk, that no amendments to my amendment be in order, and that my amendment be in order.  