 President, I do not want to get into a debate with my friend, and there is nothing personal about what I said. Let me reiterate what I actually said. My criticism and compliment to my friend from North Carolina was not that he was original in what he has done, in the sense that he had support from like-minded former Secretaries, or even, at one time, from the present Secretary, or perhaps even from the President. My comments related not to him--it is not what he proposed but the fact that he denied us our ability to dispose of ambassadorial nominations and the START II Treaty.  My disagreement is not only with him on this legislation. I also mentioned the Secretary of State when we were referring to the State Department and the President of the United States. I think, with all due respect, all the supporters of this effort are being shortsighted. So the chairman is not alone in what I characterize as ``shortsightedness'' as it relates to what our policy should be. My reference to him was explicitly for his unique ability to fashion a way to get his point across in this case, which was by denying us the ability to dispose of the START II T treaty and dispose of ambassadorial nominations, all of which were ready to go. I complimented him on his ingenuity.  I have tried to learn from him. We have been here together since January 1973, and I have watched him, and Democratic predecessors, like the deceased Senator Jim Allen, and others, use their great skills to be able to get the results that they sought. I compliment him on it, but I think it is the wrong way to do it. I think it was a high price to be paid in order to get agreement.  So I want to be clear. He was not original in his notion that we should cut these consulates. He joined other, I think, wrong-headed proposals to close them. My reference to him was explicitly that I hope we do not have a repetition of shutting down the business of the committee while we arrive at a conclusion that is satisfactory to whoever the chairman is then.  The distinguished Senator from Rhode Island has announced his retirement. The Senator from North Carolina and the Senator from Delaware are seeking reelection. The Lord only knows, and our constituents know, whether both of us will be back, and the odds are that he may be back as chairman. But it is also possible that the Senator from Delaware may be back as chairman of the committee.  That is the only reference that I was making. It seems to me that what he did was legal use, in a senatorial sense, of the power of chairmanship, but I think unprecedented and, I hope, not to be repeated.  I yield the floor.  