 I have not seen today's Times-Picayune. However, it is not unusual for staff, as well as Member of the Senate, to have different perceptions of a given situation but I am not sure that is relevant.  Let me explain the procedure. What happens is the majority staff goes to a gentleman named Manus Cooney, who has been on the staff for a long time, first-rate lawyer. He goes and speaks to the chairman of the committee. Karen Robb, a seasoned lawyer, who has been here a long time, comes to me and says now this is what the facts reveal. I then ask what I expect Orrin also asks: What do you think? My staff shows me the information. I look at it, and I say I think there is nothing here.  The next step in the procedure is to make this information available to committee members directly or through staff. Again, this is standard operating procedure. And I am the one who as chairman initiated this rule. Orrin has followed the precedent--whatever investigative information we have, from the FBI, from any source, where there is any question raised. We notify members of the committee, and we say, hey, folks, there was a new issue raised or an old issue reraised. We have looked at it. If you want to know about it, come here, look at the information.  A lot of this information is FBI-related material on which we only brief Senators. And a lot of it is non-FBI material, like this on which we brief staff. This is all non-FBI stuff here. It's not confidential.  And so I say to my friend there is nothing unusual about this case. There has not been a single time since I have been on this committee that I can think of where we have not voted somebody out and after having voted on it received new information. The most celebrated case? A Supreme Court nominee.  Were we to reopen a full committee hearing and a full committee vote every single time after we voted anybody raised an allegation, we would effectively shut down the nominating process. Every single time, if we had to reopen a hearing, have a new public hearing and have a vote, we, the Democrats, would effectively be able to keep nominees from being on the bench. And the Republicans could do the same. It is just not a way we could possibly operate. Now, let me say one other point. If, for example, we came forward and the information received after we voted we believed was of such a consequence, Senator Hatch and I, or any member of the committee, that it warranted further hearings, we would have them. Case in point: a Supreme Court nomination.  They have to be issues where the staff, Senators, or the ranking member and chairperson, somebody says, ``This is a big problem. We better take a look at this thing.'' Nobody said that here because nobody that I am aware of believes that here. So that is why we did not open up a new hearing.  