 Mr. President, the Tenant Opportunity Program--known as TOP--was created by the Department of Housing and Urban Development to provide technical assistance and training for public housing residents to organize their communities. Its goal is tenant empowerment. That may be a noble goal. But, TOP is not, in my view, the best way to achieve it.  The program is poorly designed, loosely structured, and ripe for abuse. Just how ripe was evident earlier this year in the city of Wilmington, DE. Six Wilmington public housing projects were each awarded $100,000 TOP grants, and a consultant--a consultant--tried to claim $60,000 of each grant. Incredible as it may sound, my colleagues heard me correctly: 60 percent of each TOP grant in Wilmington, DE was going to be paid to a consultant. That's a total consultant fee of $360,000 from just six grants.  Mr. President, this may sound like one bad apple. And, the Department is to be commended for investigating this case, discovering that the application procedures were violated by the consultant, and canceling these particular six grants. But, the more I look into the whole program, the more I am convinced that the problem here is with the program itself.  For example, the most disorganized public housing projects in Wilmington--the ones that need this program the most--were unable to get a TOP grant because they were not organized enough. That is a classic Catch-22 situation. Another example: no where does the program require that the recipients of the grants specify exactly how the taxpayers' money will be used. And, the major beneficiary of this program seems to be consultants, not public housing residents.  Now, I would like to ask the chairman of the Subcommittee about the Committee's intention regarding funding for TOP. The House, in its version of the VA-HUD Appropriations bill, provided $15 million for the program. As I read the Senate version of the bill, no funding is provided for TOP. I want to ask the chairman if my understanding is correct--that it is the committee's intent to kill this program.  And, before he answers, let me just say that I ask this question because the Department created TOP in the first place without an explicit authorization from Congress. My concern is that without an explicit statement from Congress that TOP is to receive no funding, I fear that the Department may try to fund the program anyway, using unearmarked funds from the annual contributions for assisted housing account or funds from the Supportive Services Program under the Community Development Grants.  In other words, I am concerned about the Department playing shell games, and I want to be absolutely clear for the record. Is it the Committee's intent that no money whatsoever is to be spent on the Tenant Opportunity Program?  