 President, while the Senator from Pennsylvania is on the floor I want my colleagues to know that in the good old days, when I was chairman of the committee and the Democrats were in charge, the Senator from Pennsylvania shared the same view. I want the record to show that this is nothing new the Senator from Pennsylvania is suggesting. I have read some accounts that suggest that because the Senator from Pennsylvania may have other aspirations, this is propelling his interests. I want to vouch for the fact that I know that not to be true.  The fact of the matter is that when Waco occurred, shortly after Waco, the Senator did repeatedly talk to me about it and thought that, although I believe that we did have oversight hearings and everybody had an opportunity to ask about Waco--and a few did--that the Senator thought then, thinks now, and is totally consistent, whether he is seeking another office or not, in his view that this issue should be ventilated.  For those of us on this side of the aisle, this has been a little like watching a family quarrel. Both the Senators are my friends but I do not think I have a closer friend in the Senate than the Senator from Pennsylvania, and because a number of press people have come to me, and my colleagues have come to me, to ask me about issues relating to motivation--I can assert with absolute certainty, without any equivocation, that there has been absolutely no change in the intensity of the interest of the Senator from the time the matter occurred when I was chairman of that committee to the time I am the ranking member of that committee.  I just want that to be made clear, notwithstanding the fact I voted the other way. I voted to table the Specter amendment because of my consistent view as to how this should be handled.  The Senator may be right in terms of the value of the ventilation and when, and sooner than later. I have a slight disagreement with him on when. But I do not have any--any--any doubt, and I can confirm for my colleagues and anyone who is listening, that there is an absolute, total, unequivocal consistency to his position on this from the moment the tragedy in Waco occurred through this day.  I just want the record to reflect that. Not that anyone in particular has suggested otherwise, but I get a number of inquiries because people are looking to make press outside this institution. I just want the record to reflect it.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  