 President, let me explain why, although it sounds reasonable what my friend said. We have gone through the factfinding stage, the trial, this is just on habeas appeals, and why do you want to dig stuff up?  Many of the habeas appeals are premised on the following proposition: The defendant says, ``Hey, look, I got convicted, I got convicted unfairly because there was perjured testimony in my trial,'' like a couple trials that were mentioned here today, actually happened. I am not making these up, they happened.  It turns out, for example, the prosecutor had a witness that would have said, ``I was with Charlie Smith and he couldn't have committed the crime,'' and the prosecutor never let anybody know that. Conversely, someone gets on the stand in the trial and lies and it is later found out that they lied.  The reason why the defense attorney needs to be able to investigate is to be able to root that out. You have a defendant saying, ``Look, I am about to be put to death, but I'm telling you, Charlie Smith lied. If you just go find Harriet Wilson, I found out she knows he lied.''  This is what happened. I am asking my staff to check the Carter case. I am not sure of the facts in the Carter case. If I am not mistaken, there was additional evidence found out after the trial--after the trial. That is why the defendant needs the same tools available to him or her that a wealthy defendant would need or the prosecutor needs. That is all I am saying. Do not be misled by the notion that the trial is over, therefore, there is no other factfinding to go on, you do not need an investigator.  For example, in the Hurricane Carter case--I wanted to make sure I was right on my facts here--after the trial was over, Hurricane Carter's lawyers found out that there was a polygraph test given to one of the witnesses, and the outcome of that polygraph test sustained Hurricane Carter's assertion that he was innocent. It was never made available. They never told anybody such a test was done. Therefore, it took investigative work after the trial to go back and dig this out. They dug it out.  Old Hurricane Carter ``ain't'' dead now, and the reason he is not dead now is because they dug that, among other facts, out. That is the investigative work we are talking about. Keep in mind now, this does not in any way extend the number of appeals someone [[Page S7820]] can make. This does not in any way extend the time in which appeals have to be filed. This is just simple fairness. Treat poor people like you treat wealthy people during and after the trial.  I yield the floor.  