 President, I thank the Senator from New York. What I am about to say, I say standing next to my good friend from Connecticut, Senator Dodd, who has worked tirelessly on this bill, with which I disagree, but I want to make a very brief statement.  I strongly support the position taken by the Senator from Pennsylvania. This litigation makes numerous precedent-setting changes in the country's judicial system. While my colleagues in the Banking Committee had a chance to examine the changes the bill would make to our Nation's security laws, it seems to me that we may have skipped a very important step. The so-called Securities Reform Act makes significant revisions to the Federal rules of evidence relating to mandatory rule 11 sanctions and rule 26 discovery proceedings, and yet, it has not been referred to the Judiciary Committee.  I hold myself partially responsible for that. In truth, I say to my friend from Connecticut, I should have been hollering for this in my committee before this time. I was mildly preoccupied with other things before the committee. To tell you the truth, it was called to my attention by my friend from Pennsylvania, and I realize this is a serious mistake, in my view, and that we have not had this before the Judiciary Committee.  In the past, bills that have made changes to the Federal rules of evidence were referred to the Judiciary Committee to enable the committee with expertise to review the work on this legislation. This bills is no different. Similarly, limiting joint and several liability, restricting the statute of limitations, changing the rules of class action suits in favor of large investors, are all judiciary-related issues. Yet, the Judiciary Committee never had a day of hearing on any of these specific issues.  If the bill becomes law, companies could potentially get away with making misleading, even fraudulent, statements about their earnings. Yet, to win a class action suit, you would have to prove a falsehood was made with a clear intent to deceive. That is an incredibly tough standard. I will admit some frivolous lawsuits are filed. Some lawyers do make too much from a suit, leaving defrauded investors with little. But I do not believe this massive bill is the answer.  So in order to protect the small investors, it seems to me that we should at least look at the significant changes in the rules of evidence. If this bill passes, I make the prediction to us all here, we will be back in two, three, four years undoing it, after another Orange County or another insider trading scandal, or after millions of people are defrauded with some other scam that occurs.  Quite frankly, I think we would be wise to take a close look, with a specific time for referral, if need be, to the Judiciary Committee, to look at these changes in the rule of ethics.  I do not profess to have expertise in the securities industry, but we do know something about the rules of evidence and the shifting burden of truth.  I thank my colleague for his indulgence, and I thank the Senator from Illinois. I thank the Senator from Connecticut for not getting up and saying, ``Why, Joe, did you not do this earlier?"  I yield the floor.  Mr. D'AMATO. Mr. President, I intend to make a motion to table.  