 President, even Justice Rehnquist publicly stated that this full and fair doctrine goes further than is wise, and the Supreme Court, reflecting that view, has on at least five occasions refused to apply this doctrine. Let me give some of the cases.  The effect of the deference rule is best illustrated, I think, by looking at some of the real-life cases. The last time the Federal courts were required to defer to State courts, we executed an innocent man. That was in 1915. There is a chart I have to illustrate that.  Leo Frank, a Jewish man, had been convicted and sentenced to die by a jury intimidated by an angry lynch mob outside the courtroom. The mob could be heard inside the courtroom. Mr. Frank's lawyers were so intimidated that they left the courtroom at times because they feared for their lives.  Nevertheless, the State court reviewing the conviction concluded the trial had been fair and upheld the conviction. A majority of the Supreme Court voted to uphold the conviction and, after determining that they were required to defer to the State court decision, upheld the conviction. The dissenters thought independent review was appropriate and, on that basis, they concluded that the State court decision was wrong.  The Supreme Court applied the rule of deference in 1915, and Mr. Frank was killed in prison by an angry mob, and later the actual offender confessed and Frank was posthumously pardoned. But because of the deference rule, an innocent man was executed, and that is what is at stake today. We are talking about going back to the 1915 standard.  Several years later, after the Frank case in Moore versus Dempsey, 1923, the Supreme Court was faced with another similar case. Again, this time several African-American men were on trial for murder, which they claim was self-defense, when a mob attacked them in their church and set the church on fire. At the trial, the same mob armed and surrounded the courthouse. The State court held that there had been no violation of the constitutional right to a fair trial by an impartial jury, notwithstanding those little incidental facts.  This time, the Supreme Court rejected the deference rule and concluded that independent review is required and the dissenters argued that the Federal court should defer to the State court decision and voted to uphold the conviction.  Many years later, in the famous 1953 case of Brown versus Allen, the court considered a case in which the defendant had confessed after being subjected to psychological and physical coercion, sleep deprivation, and other types of pressure that put the confession and the resulting conviction in serious doubt.  The State court found the confession to be voluntary, notwithstanding the circumstances. The Supreme Court overturned the conviction, applying independent review. Had they been required to apply this standard, they would have been required to hold that person guilty, even though he had been subjected to psychological and physical coercion and sleep deprivation before the confession was granted.  These Supreme Court cases, and others I will not take the time to go into, illustrate in concrete terms what the effect of the deference rule is. There are also lower court cases in which habeas relief has been granted. These cases would be decided differently under the deference rule.  Consider the recent case of Herrera, who was convicted of murder and sentenced to death. The State court denied his appeal and the habeas petition. A few months ago, a Reagan appointee of the Federal bench granted habeas relief because the prosecutor had threatened and intimidated witnesses and failed to disclose evidence that proved Mr. Herrera innocent and knowingly used false evidence in a closing argument to the jury.  That was not some wacko liberal judge appointed by a liberal President. That was a judge appointed by Reagan. If, in fact, this law had existed at the time, he would not have been able to make that judgment. For instance, one woman told the police Herrera had not committed the killing. She was threatened by a police officer who said he would take away her daughter unless she cooperated. The prosecutor knew this. The prosecutor also insisted she change her testimony to implicate Herrera, and the judge found many other such violations of law, but the State court concluded, no, he was guilty; the conviction should stand.  The Federal court corrected it. Based on this severe misconduct, this Reagan-appointee judge said but for the conduct of the police officer and the prosecutor, either Herrera would not have been charged with the offense or the trial would have resulted in acquittal. The prosecutor's misconduct was designed to obtain a conviction and another notch in their guns despite the overwhelming evidence that another man was the killer and the lack of evidence pointing to Herrera.  This remarkable finding that a constitutional violation would put an innocent man on death row would not have occurred under the Hatch-Specter bill. The same claims had been made to the State courts. There was nothing new in the Federal court habeas petition, but the State court found that they did not amount to a constitutional violation. If the bill's deference rule had been in effect, the Federal judge would have been foreclosed from correcting the State court's decision and saving an innocent man's life.  Let me pose the question to Senator Hatch. In the Herrera case, the court was confronted with various questions, including whether the conduct of the police officer, when intimidating witnesses and withholding evidence, amounted to a violation of the Constitution.  I would like to ask him when he comes back, would not his bill, which requires deference to the decisions of the State court, have prevented the judge from granting Federal habeas relief?  