 President, let me point out to you, if you are in Alaska you will get $1.495 million less; if you are in Colorado, you get $3.822 million less; in Delaware, you get $1.532 million less; in Maine, you get $1.050 million less; in Maryland, $8 million less; in Massachusetts, $8 million less; Missouri, $2 million less--I am rounding these numbers down--in Montana, $1 million less. I did not think that was the deal.  There are more problems with what they did with prisons in this conference report. In the crime law, it permits all States to qualify for one or both pots of the prison money. There are two pots of prison money. There is 50 percent for general grants that essentially all States receive because there are no hard strings or conditions on these dollars, and 50 percent of the money is to go to States which meet the truth-in-sentencing standards we set out.  The Republican conference also splits prison dollars into two pots, but States are forced to choose either one or the other, even if they qualify for both. This is the second reason why so many States will get so many fewer prison dollars on a Republican conference report. It seems to me to be written by Speaker Gingrich to favor only the biggest States.  There is a third problem that most Senators will be hearing about from the prison officials in their States. I know none of the Senators is likely to be listening to this. They are doing other things, including being in conferences and hearings themselves, but in addition to the Senators on the floor, warn your Senators and be prepared that if this becomes law, you will get a call, most of you, from your home State. You will have to answer them, ``Why did you cut the money for prisons in my State? Why did you do that?''  I strongly urge you to take a look at this little chart that I have just printed in the Record.  To illustrate the problem with these changes, conditions, let me review the situation from my home State. First of all, truth-in-sentencing grants: The conference report changes both the standard and the language so that despite the fact that Delaware, unlike all but one other State in America, keeps its violent criminals behind bars for 90 percent of the time for which they are sentenced--unlike Pennsylvania or Maryland, my neighboring States, or New Jersey, it is one of the highest rates in the Nation, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics--because Delaware State law only refers to a 75 percent floor, Delaware is not eligible for truth-in-sentencing grants under this little change.  Second, general grants: The conference changes the rules to require increased time served by State prisoners since 1993. Well, Delaware's truth-in-sentencing law came into effect in 1990. We have been doing the right thing since 1990. But, no, it gets changed. Delaware cannot increase the time served since 1993 since we already did it in 1990. You cannot get above 100 percent. That is just one illustration how my State and many others are going to be out in the cold.  It is one illustration out of the conference report that cuts prison dollars for a State. I am sure there are other explanations where other States will have their prison dollars slashed if this conference report were to become law.  My staff has prepared this for me, and the title of the next section is ``Why Does Utah Do So Well?'' The conference report includes a special exception, one that appears to help Utah and perhaps a few other States, in the truth-in-sentencing prisons.  Section 20104, subsection (a), subsection (3) permits only those States with indeterminate sentencing to meet the 85 percent truth-in-sentencing standard if they serve 85 percent of their time under the State's sentencing and release guidelines.  Translated, if you have indeterminate sentencing, you get the money. Well, far be it for me to criticize that. Some day I hope to be chairman of the committee again and I hope to take unfair advantage of the process for my State. I am not criticizing, but I am complementing my friend from Utah.  He does what a good chairman should do. He changed the law to benefit his State at the expense of other States. I understand that. I would do the same thing if I were in his position. It is legitimate. But I just point out that Utah has indeterminate sentencing.  Second, the term ``sentencing and release guidelines'' has some circular logic. The only way someone can get out of prison under an indeterminant sentencing law is either when they have served a maximum sentence or under some sort of release guideline. So this definition is a self-fulfilling prophecy. Prisoners have to serve 100 percent of the time they have to serve.  That is kind of fascinating, is it not? If it is indeterminate, you say at the end of this, they served all the time they were supposed to serve so now they served 100 percent of their time so now you qualify for that pot of money. I think it is really good. I mean, it is admirable. If I become chairman of the Judiciary Committee again, assuming I get reelected, which is certainly an assumption, and assuming the Democrats take back this place, I want to hire one of the staffers who gave this idea to Senator Hatch, because it is magnificent.  The only States in the Union that really do not keep their folks in prison are the ones with indeterminate sentences, but they are the ones who qualify to be the toughest because, by definition, you would have kept them in as long as they were supposed to be in because you never said how long they had to be in. So, then, all of a sudden, when you release them, they had been in all the time they were supposed to. That is brilliant, absolutely brilliant. But it does not have a darned thing to do with what was the intent of the law. This is a definition of a self-fulfilling prophecy.  The bottom line of all this is 34 States can expect to lose prison money under this conference report. Again, I have to admit, I admire the ingenuity of my friends. I might add, though, it is easier to do this--I wonder what would happen if we had to vote as if this were a crime bill. If this were a crime bill, you would have to defend that. You would have to defend it. You would have to stand up and say why that is a good idea, and I would beat you. I would beat you even on your side. I would even get Republicans to vote with me.  But you figured out a way to keep that from happening. You put it in an appropriations bill so we do not have to do that. We can avoid the messy stuff of legislating. We can avoid the messy process of having to stand up and vote on this stuff. Do you remember how many votes we had on prison funding when we had the crime bill up? It went on and on and on.  The reason I point this out again--I mean this sincerely--is not to criticize Senator Hatch. I think it is a great idea. I think if I were he--I wish I had thought of it. But I want to tell you, the bottom line is 34 States are going to get less money. If we voted on that, from my 23 years here, the calculus usually means 34 States beat the remainder. But, I say to the ranking member of the committee, these guys did it well. They did a good job. They really rode you. You did not have the votes. I know you fought like the devil on this one, but they did it well. This is really a masterful piece of work.  In the absence of my friend from South Carolina from the floor--I do not want to get him in trouble, but he is the guy primarily responsible for getting me elected, if anybody had helped me, in 1972. But I kind of have a growing resentment toward him. He did not tell me to get on the Appropriations Committee when I got here. I thought you legislated here. I thought the process was, you were to get on authorizing committees. If I wanted to change the criminal justice system, I thought I was supposed to get on the Judiciary Committee. I did that, and I became the senior Democrat on that committee--sometimes running it on the minority side, sometimes the majority side.  It took me all this time to figure it out, you steered me wrong, Boss. You did not send me the right way. I should have gone to appropriations, because anything I do in that committee--it took me 6 years to put this bill together. We fought it and fought it and fought it and fought it, and when you came up with harebrained ideas like indeterminate sentencing qualifies, I was able to whip you straight up and down. But now I do not even get a chance to do that.  So, I am at some point going to offer an amendment saying that the U.S. Senate should meet as a Committee of the Whole, and we should call ourselves the Appropriations Committee, and we all get a chance at this. I would like to get in on this.  Russell Long, Senator Long, with whom I served for a long time--not nearly as long as the Senator from South Carolina did--used to use that expression ``I ain't for no deal I'm not in on.'' It is obvious I am not in on this deal anymore. I authored the bill, but I am out of it. I do not even get to debate it in the usual form where you get to vote on it. If my friends are willing to have a freestanding amendment on this, we could ask unanimous consent to waive the rules to allow a vote on the prison funding piece. I would welcome that. In the interests of fairness, they might be willing to do that. What do you think? I know the Senator from Massachusetts would support me in that effort, I expect. Maybe we ought to do that. But I have a feeling we are not going to get to do that.  There is another effort that is already underway. That is that thing called the Drug Court Program. This is a long-overdue drug program to crack down on--let me give you the numbers--600,000 drug-abusing offenders who are on our streets today, subject to no random drug testing, no mandatory treatment, and no threat of punishment.  Let me translate that for you. Mr. President, 600,000 folks who were arrested--actually there were about 1.4 million or 1.6 million arrested in America--1.4 million. And here is what happened. There are a total of 2.7 million State offenders who are on probation. There are 1.4 million drug offenders on probation. There are 800,000 of that 1.4 million who are being tested and treated. And there are 600,000 convicted--convicted--convicted drug offenders; not arrested. These are people who either pled guilty or have been convicted in a court of law, who are on the street--no probation, no parole, no testing, no treatment, ``no nothin','' as my Aunt Gerty used to say, ``no nothin'.''  So we came up with an idea. We actually got it from a Republican judge in Delaware, and Dade County, FL. It is called drug courts. Let me tell you what drug courts do. They capture those 600,000 folks and they say, ``Here is the deal. You either--you are subject to random drug testing. If you have a job, you have to keep a job. If you are in school, you have to stay in school. You have to show up for intensive probation. And if you do not do any of those things, you go to jail--probably one of the boot camps which we funded.''  But my Republican friends--who I think are getting soft on crime, if not soft in the head on this stuff--they decided we might as well let those 600,000 folks wander the streets, every one of whom is an accident waiting to happen. Every one is an accident waiting to happen.  Before they put drug courts in Dade County, FL, the rearrest rate for one-time drug offenders was 36 percent. After several years of these drug courts, the rearrest rate is down to 3 percent. These work and they work in my State.  But what is the wisdom here? It is better to be soft than tough? Let us do away with this program. The Justice Department has already funded efforts to help local officials plan 52 new drug courts, begin 5 new drug courts and expand 8 other drug courts including one in my home State, that a Republican court, a Republican judge, a Republican attorney general have put together.  Despite this concrete record of success, the conference report would eliminate the separately targeted $150 million Drug Court Program and require States to fund drug courts, if at all, out of the money that could be spent on hiring cops on the beat. In real terms, this could mean about 85,000 drug-abusing offenders will not be subject to drug testing and mandatory treatment.  The other provisions of the 1994 crime law that are not affected by this bill are also proving to be very effective in combating crime, such as provisions against sexual offenders, death penalty provisions, the Brady law, the criminal alien provisions.  The reason I say ``not affected,'' remember we had this debate before. My Republican friends decided what they were going to do is cut money for the violence against women legislation and do it by the appropriating process. Do it that way. Legislate it that way. And the distinguished Senator from South Carolina came along and said--which he always does, and I am grateful--``By the way, Joe, let me tell you what is coming.'' And through his leadership we sort of just stood up and said, ``Hey, look what they are doing.''  We didn't do anything special. They insisted they were going to make the cut. We were going to debate it. We hung on, hung on, hung on, and the very guy who suggested the cut--and I admire him, I truly do, Senator Gramm of Texas--he ended up introducing the amendment to restore the money for the violence against women law. So it is not cut here. I guess my Republican friends have heard the call that they had better not fool around with that piece of it.  The reason I am taking so much time today knowing that this is going nowhere anyway--it is going to be defeated--is this is my attempt to play a small part in raising the same kind of call. The new call is OK. We finally got the Republicans to not fool with the violence against women law. They are not going to. They will not have the nerve to try to cut that again. They will not have the nerve to try to cut it again.  But guess what, folks? They are now going after your cops. The answer is going to be, look, we are not cutting anything. The total dollars are cut, but we are not cutting anything. We are just telling the States we are giving you a pot of money and you do with it what you want. So if you want to hire the cops, you can hire the cops.  