  Let me review quickly, and hopefully this will take just a moment. We debated this amendment at length yesterday, although I have the right to continue to debate it unless there is a motion to table. I do not want to take more time on the part of the Senate.  Let me just briefly, very briefly, explain what this amendment does. First, it reinstates two-thirds of the money for drug courts, mandatory drug testing, drug treatment backed up by certain punishment for 55,000 offenders now on probation. They would all be put into this program. It provides for two-thirds of the funding that we originally agreed to.  The second thing it does is allow States to continue to have the option to have drug treatment in their prisons. We are not talking about drug treatment for people out on the street; we are talking about treatment for people in prisons, administered by States in prisons.  The third thing it does, it reinstates the money--$10 million--for rural drug enforcement. That function was zeroed out. Again, I will not go into all the arguments, but yesterday we spent a lot of time and I pointed out that the violent crime rate and the drug problem in rural America is increasing at a faster rate than it is in urban America.  Every single, solitary Governor that I am aware of, every single, solitary local official that I am aware of, has said on drug matters, in rural areas, we need help. When you have a 2- or 3-person or 10-person police force facing what is happening, particularly in the Midwest, in the Rocky Mountain West, where drug gangs are moving to those rural areas setting up methamphetamine labs, they say they need help.  This allows the control of the cooperation between Federal and local law enforcement officers to drug enforcement. It also reinstates what I think may have been unintentionally taken out of bill; that is, $1.2 million for law enforcement family support. What that is all about is funds to support families who have had their loved ones slain as peace officers. That is, cops who are killed, their families, their husbands, wives, children.  They, in fact, are involved in and have made available the counseling for families killed in the line of duty, post-shooting debriefings for officers and their spouses and marital support groups that relate to the outcome of what happens when an officer is killed and/or wounded. Many have attended along with me every year the police memorial. Every year we honor slain officers that are killed that year. Every year the families line up and are greeted by the President and me and others who are there--Senator Thurmond. Every year immediately after that occurs, they all get on a bus and they go to these counseling services for 2 days.  If you speak to the families of those officers, slain officers, you will find they say it is the single most important thing the Government does for them, the single most important thing for them to cope with this tragedy.  The last piece of this amendment is $60 million for technology grants to the FBI.  Those technology grants to the FBI are moneys that allow the FBI to upgrade all of their, what the average person would say is their very sophisticated technology capabilities and facilities. Frankly, they could use $200 million, which the distinguished Senator from Ohio put in the terrorism bill for them. But that has been stalled. The only reason we are going with only $60 million is so we do not have to go out and seek offsets to get this money. The offsets to pay for the entirety of this amendment come from reducing the State prison money from $750 million in this bill to $729 million. The House bill only has $500 million in it. The President only requested $500 million. And the second piece comes from increasing the fees related to acquisition of green cards. So, there are the offsets.  Senator Bond and Senator Specter and a number of my Republican friends, including Senator DeWine, have spoken to pieces of this amendment. Again, the only reason I am continuing to speak is, not because I like to hear my voice and not because it needs further explanation, it is because I am told we are waiting to determine whether or not the modification will be accepted.  If it was accepted--I think it is important we all exercise comity here--if, in fact, the DeWine amendment that I sent as an amendment to the Biden amendment was accepted and it was accepted without the knowledge of one of my Republican colleagues, I will not insist that be done. I would withdraw the modification because I do not want to catch anyone unawares here. But maybe my friend from Texas has been able to find out whether or not the modification, including the DeWine provision, is acceptable, whether I have unanimous consent to modify my own amendment to that extent.  