  Before I begin what I wish to speak to, let me compliment my friend from Arkansas. I had the great privilege of being a young Senator serving with Chairman Fulbright. I did not know him nearly as well, nor was I as close to him, by any stretch of the imagination, as my friend from Arkansas, but it was a real honor and privilege and, let me say, something that I tell my children and will tell my grandchildren and I am sure they will tell their children, that their father and grandfather had a chance to serve with such a great man.  I will tell you one anecdote in my relationship with him. I remember him as a young man. I had just been elected. I was 29 years old. I had not turned 30 yet. I came down here to meet with what was then referred to as the old bulls of the Senate. I went around and made my obligatory stops at the offices. Senator Fulbright asked me what I wanted to do, and I said how very much I would like to be on the Foreign Relations Committee.  I say to my friend from Arkansas, back in those days I do not think there was anybody on the committee under the age of 55 and it was only senior Senators, very senior Senators who were on the committee, made up of great men like Jack Javits and Mike Mansfield, Bill Fulbright, Stuart Symington, Hubert Humphrey, et cetera. And I realized it was a reach, and I did not expect to get on as soon as I did. But I just wanted to let him know.  He said, ``Why do you want to be on the Foreign Relations Committee?'' I said, ``Mr. Chairman, one of the great concerns I have is our foreign policy, American foreign policy. It is my avocation, my interest. Quite frankly,'' I said, ``Mr. Chairman, if as a Senator I would not be able to deal with foreign policy, there would be no reason to run for the U.S. Senate; I might as well run for Governor. But the reason I am here is because I care about that.''  He looked at me, and he said, ``Well, I understand your sincerity. Let me think about it.'' So I saw him coming over on the subway a little while later, a week later, and he said, ``I thought about it.'' He said, ``You really want to affect foreign policy?'' I said, ``Yes, I would like to eventually, Mr. Chairman.'' He said, ``Why don't you go see my colleague, Senator McClellan.'' I said, ``I beg your pardon, Mr. Chairman. He is the No. 2 man''--then was about to be the chairman--``of the Appropriations Committee.'' And I said, ``That's appropriations.'' He said, ``Yes, but that's where foreign policy is made.''  I will never forget that.  