 President, if I may--and I thank the Senator for her invitation for me to speak to this as well--we have three slightly different points of view here. Let me make clear what I would like to see avoided and what I would like to see accomplished. Using specific examples and hypotheticals is not always the best way to do it, but it seems to be the only way I have available to me to do it at this moment.  None of us wants to have the publishers of World Book Encyclopedia indicted because they, in their World Book, tell you how you can make a bomb. You can go to a public library and you can find out how to build a nuclear device. It is a lot more complicated than building a light bulb bomb, but you can find that out.  The purpose, the knowledge or intention of the publisher of World Book Encyclopedia or any other publication is in all probability not the same purpose as that of the publisher of the Terrorist Handbook. But for the purpose of Lady Justice, blindfolded, weighing her scales, it is hard to tell the difference sometimes, other than looking at the person or the organization that is publishing the material, to determine their intent. And we do not want courts getting into that kind of business. I do not think the presiding officer wants that to happen, nor do I, nor do I think anyone does, although I sure would like to be able to capture those folks who issued that handbook.  So the Senator has narrowed her language, I think appropriately, to say ``know or intends.''  Let me tell you why I think ``know'' makes sense to be in there. If, for example, that gruesome example that the Senator gave from the internet, where somebody puts on a bulletin board how to make a terrorist device, a bomb, and then someone writes back and says, ``O Great One,'' I am paraphrasing, ``I want to kill Zionists in the Government. Tell me more. Feed me.'' Or whatever the terminology was.  The original publication of that information on the bulletin board on the internet may or may not meet the standard of having known the information was going to be used for a criminal purpose, or may or may not meet the standard of having intended that it be used. But it seems to me it is pretty clear that when that idiot writes back or punches in his code and name and says, ``O Great One, I want to kill people, tell me more,'' if the original person who put the information up on the bulletin board said, ``All right, Swami, here it comes. If you really want to get Zionists, here is how to do it,'' it seems to me at that point the person knows that the information he or she is disseminating is intended for a criminal purpose.  The Senator from California said there are some stores, some retail outlets that sell the handbook. Or you can write away to get the handbook. If I walk in to you and you are selling the handbook, you have the handbook and I say, ``Ma'am, I would like to buy a handbook that would teach me how to--do you see the cop down there in the corner? I want to put a pipe bomb in that trash can where he stands every morning from 8:30 to 9. I want to blow that SOB up.''  And you say, ``I have just the thing for you,'' and you walk over and you hand him the handbook, it seems to me you knew the information that is available to you to do something terrible, kill that policeman standing at the corner. It would be awfully hard to prove, though, that, if you sold that handbook to me, you intended for me to kill that policeman. You could know I was going to use it to kill someone without having intended for me to kill someone. Are you with me?  So my concern is, if it gets even narrowed further to say only ``intends the information to be used in a criminal enterprise or criminal act,'' then it is so narrow that you are not going to catch in that net people who I think we should catch.  I have been, for the last 23 years, always listed as one of the two or three or four people most protective of the first amendment. You know, all these rating organizations that rate us whether we are conservative, liberal, good, bad, or indifferent? I am always, along with Senator Leahy and a few others, listed here as one of the staunchest defenders of the first amendment.  So I am not looking to broaden the net the Senator wishes to cast. But it seems to me if you narrow it so much so that you only use the word ``intend,'' you do not get the circumstance where I know that the information I have at my disposal as to how to build a light bulb bomb or any other kind of bomb, I know why you are seeking the information. You have told me. You tell me, ``I want to know how to make a bomb out of Gerber's baby peaches. I want to know how to do that. Teach me, oh Great One.'' You say, ``I've got just the answer for you. Here is how you do it.''  It seems to me that does fall beyond the purview of first amendment protection. It seems to me it is narrow enough and specific enough that it warrants to be made unlawful. And it seems to me that it is not at all inconsistent with what the fifth circuit and other courts have said relative to the standard required on the part of the person disseminating the information.  So in truth, you might also be able to get that very person on a conspiracy charge. You might not even need this statute. My friend, who is truly--we use this phrase too frequently around here, and it does not always apply, but in this case it does. My friend, who is learned in the law could stand and say, ``Well, all right, Joe. I am not trying to eliminate the ability to nail the person who is knowingly participating in an unlawful activity. We can already do that under a conspiracy statute.'' Practically, that is true. But I would argue that including the word ``knows'' as well as ``intends'' here does no damage to the first amendment, and makes the case if not easier, equally as able to be pursued as a conspiracy theory would be. This is more direct.  So my friend from Utah and I have been, the first 15 years of our working together, not always on the same side of these civil liberties arguments. And it is truly--I mean this sincerely--a pleasure to be on the same side of these arguments with him these days. I do not by that in any way imply a change in his motivation at all. I think things have changed, and as the troubles in society, the maturation process, has [[Page S7686]] taken place, and we all are seeing different applications of old principles to new problems. So I am not being facetious when I say I welcome it. But I respectfully disagree with him here.  I will not object to the Senator from California taking out the word ``knows.'' But I would suggest that her test, her intended purpose, is best served by saying if the person intends or knows that such explosive material or information will be used for or in furtherance of an activity that constitutes a criminal, a Federal criminal offense, or a criminal purpose affecting interstate commerce, I think keeping only two words ``intends'' or ``knows'' is totally appropriate, and I would support that.  But it is obviously her amendment. If she is persuaded by the reasoning of the Senator from Utah, I will not object to it.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  