 President, I rise in strong support of the START II Treaty which has finally been brought to the floor of the Senate after a long, unnecessary, and perhaps fatal delay. I will elaborate on that last point in a moment.  But first, let me say that START II represents an unprecedented opportunity to dismantle the Soviet nuclear arsenal. I say ``Soviet,'' Mr. President, because START II would, if implemented, eliminate the most devastating nuclear missiles built by the Soviet Union in the 1970's and 1980's: Hundreds of multi-warhead missiles of cataclysmic destructive power--among them, the infamous SS-18, which became the very symbol of the Soviet threat.  Even as we speak today, these missiles remain deployed in launching silos scattered across a Russian nation undergoing enormous political turmoil. They could at a moment's notice be targeted on the United States of America.  For the American people, the future of those missiles is a fundamental, compelling national security question.  The salient feature of START II is its planned elimination of every land-based multi-warhead missile in the Soviet-now-Russian arsenal. These were the weapons that, for years, so worried our defense establishment that we expended hundreds of billions of dollars to counter their first-strike potential.  Mr. President, that apocalyptic potential remains today.  As matters now stand, this threat carries with it considerable irony. For months, the Senate has engaged in yet another round of controversy over whether to build an anti-missile system intended to protect the United States from missile attack.  Earlier this week, this body passed a defense authorization confernece report that would require deployment of such a system by 2003, putting us on a collision course with the ABM Treaty, which has been the basis for all strategic arms controls agreements over the past two decades.  Any such system, if built, would be monumentally expensive, of highly uncertain reliability, likely to provoke additional offensive deployments, and available, at best, only sometime in the next century. Yet, the START II Treaty during that same period would eliminate with verifiable certainty the one serious missile threat the United States has ever faced.  The effort over the past several months to eviscerate the ABM Treaty has been driven by those who do not favor the limits in START II, and, correspondingly, never much cared for the ABM Treaty. They believe that the ABM Treaty prevents us from constructing an impenetrable shield against all types of ballistic missiles.  I admit--a ballistic missile shield is a comforting image. But, as our experience with star wars in the 1980's demonstrated, it is not grounded in reality.  Unfortunately, that ballistic missile shield, if it could ever overcome awesome technical and financial barriers--and I doubt it would, would provide a false sense of security.  That is because it would not alleviate a much greater threat--a terrorist transporting a nuclear device or its components into the United States through very conventional means, and detonating that device near an important landmark.  Our focus ought to be in preventing that possibility by improving our capabilities to tract terrorists and securing the many tons of fissile material spread across the territory of the former Soviet Union.  My colleagues know that last Sunday, the Russian people went to the polls and decided to elect a Duma apparently dominated by Communists and nationalists who are skeptical about START II and suspicious about American motives on the ABM treaty. They do not regard as a mere coincidence that 2003 is the year established for final compliance with the central limits in START II, as well as the target date for deployment of a national missile defense system in the Republican plan.  From their perspective, START II will take away their most effective means of countering a national missile defense--overwhelming it with offensive missiles.  While Russian concerns alone should not determine our policy decisions, it would be shortsighted, to say the least, to ignore them altogether when Russian behavior and Russian missiles can have a direct bearing on our national security.  If the Russians decide that we are intent on abrogating the ABM Treaty, then they will likely refuse to ratify START II, halt START I implementation, and begin a strategic build-up. We would have to follow suit and waste vast sums of money on deploying more offensive missiles and developing more missile defenses.  How ironic that would be--in the post-cold war era when we are on the verge of ratifying a historic reduction in strategic nuclear weapons--to set off an offense-defense spiral that the ABM Treaty was designed to prevent, and did prevent for over 20 years.  For the past several months many here saw the Communist and nationalist clouds building in Russia, and for that reason we repeatedly called for early United States ratification of START II in order to encourage similar action by the Duma. That could have locked in the gains promised by START II. Unfortunately, we did not act.  Now, some reports suggest that the new Duma may wait to see the results of our presidential election before approving START II. I hope that is not the case, because between now and then Russia will hold its own presidential election. That election has the potential to rearrange Russian politics in ways we cannot predict.  Our action today can send a clear signal that we are serious about implementing START II, and provide the incentive for quick action by the Duma.  It is my hope that the Senate's advice and consent to START II will encourage the Duma to act in kind prior to the G-7 Nuclear Safety Summit in Moscow next April. Due to the crowded political calendar in both countries later in the year, the summit would be the ideal, and maybe last, opportunity for Presidents Clinton and Yeltsin to exchange instruments of ratification. I would also hope that the two leaders can at that time agree to begin negotiations toward a new agreement on even further reductions.  I would just like to add here that I am concerned with some of the hortatory language that is contained both within the committee report and the proposed managers' amendment. In particular, I find the language on missile defenses and nuclear testing to be particularly problematic. However, I have decided not to object at this time because I believe it is absolutely critical that we act quickly and favorably on START II. I think it is also important to emphasize for all concerned that the language to which I and many of my colleagues object is non-binding.  Mr. President, the ultimate entry into force of the START II Treaty may well depend on a choice we must make in the months ahead: Do we pursue a technically questionable and prohibitively expensive national missile defense which would doom START II, or do we pursue a path that promises with greater certainty and less cost to eliminate the very missiles such a system would defend against?  In my view, there is not much of a choice. Star Wars technology is uncertain, costly, and likely to undermine our national security. On the other hand, arms control agreements like START II are proven, cost-effective, and will reduce the nuclear threat to the United States.  The American people, having sent us here to protect the security of their homes and children, are entitled to the only rational choice: We should ratify START II and abandon the reckless plans for an ABM Treaty-busting national missile defense system.  