  Mr. President, this bill, in my view, retreats from the commitment we made to families with children. In 1988, Congress said that America's housing providers should not be able to discriminate against families with children. We did this in the face of widespread evidence that such discrimination against families with children existed.  We spent a lot of time on this floor--and I participated and have for the years I have been here--talking about discrimination against minorities, talking about discrimination against the elderly, talking about all forms of discrimination, as we should, as we should. But in my view, we spent precious little time on this floor talking about what is a mounting form of discrimination, discrimination against children, because some people find them inconvenient, inconvenient to be around.  In 1988, Congress said that America's housing providers should not be able to discriminate against children as well as against blacks or Hispanics or people based on their religion or based on their gender. We took this action because we wanted to prohibit all-adult housing communities just as we had prohibited all-white housing communities in 1968 with the passage of the Fair Housing Act in the first place.  Even as we said no discriminating against families, we also carved out an exception for legitimate retirement communities which catered to the special needs--not just desires, needs--and requirements of the elderly. The distinction we made then, and which I stand by now, is this: You cannot just keep children out because you do not like them, you cannot just keep children out because you do not want tricycles around, you cannot just keep children out and families with children out because it is inconvenient and you do not like it.  If you are going to exclude children, we said, you must be an organized community providing ``significant facilities and services'' designed to meet the physical and social needs of the elderly. Or put another way, a lot of old folks like me--I am 53 now--get together and say, ``We're tired of having kids around and we're going to have this gated community that X percent of us are over the age of 50, and we can prevent someone from moving in who has kids.''  Well, I tell you what, I think that--and by the way, there was ample evidence in the hearings we held then that that is just what was being done. What we were not concerned about is a community for the elderly with special needs where they needed ramps, where they needed special dining facilities, where there was some type of extended care, where it was in fact designed for elderly persons who in fact physically needed this special circumstance or emotionally needed this special circumstance, but not just because all of a sudden we have become trendy and decided that kids are kind of in the way.  If we are going to exclude children, we said, you have to be an organized community providing significant facilities and services. This ``significant facilities and service'' requirement was put into law for, as I have said, a very good reason, put there to distinguish between true senior communities and those that just think children are a pain in the neck. We recognized that something other than an animus against children must set these communities apart in order to meet an exemption from the Fair Housing Act.  I understand that what constitutes significant facilities and services has been a matter of a great deal of controversy and uncertainty over the years, and I have not been satisfied, because I have not believed that we set down stringent enough requirements to exclude--exclude--families with children.  Heck, there are communities who let dogs in, let people have dogs, but will not let people have children. And so, significant facilities and services, as I indicated, have been a matter of much controversy.  Also understand, the Department of Housing and Urban Development has taken many different stabs at the definition which has led to confusion and has made it difficult for those trying to comply with the law.  Mr. President, none of that, in my view, should lead us to abandon the basic principle: If you are going to be able to discriminate against families, you should be special, you should be serving the special needs of seniors. This principle should remain our guidepost more now than ever, especially since the Department of Housing and Urban Development has just recently promulgated completely revised regulations which resolve the confusion and make it much easier and clearer for senior housing communities to take advantage of the exemption.  The Department, many now agree, has finally gotten it right. Under the new regulations, which went into effect September 18 of this year, a housing facility can self-certify. It is amazing, we do not let many other folks self-certify that it falls under the Fair Housing Act exemption by simply filling out a straightforward, easy-to-understand checklist of facilities and services designed for older folks, which, I add, I do think is too lenient, not too strong. My staff does not like me to say that, but that is what I think. I think it should be more stringent, if you are a senior community meeting the exemption.  But the checklist contains a menu of some 114 facilities and services in 11 categories. If a facility provides a mere 10 of them, like wheelchair accessibility, communal recreation facilities, periodic vision or hearing tests or fellowship meetings, it qualifies as a senior housing project and may exclude families with children.  I want to make it clear to seniors who are not happy with me about this, I do not even think that is stringent enough, but at least it attempts to make the distinction.  If a facility's status is challenged, it need only show that the certification was accurate at the time of the alleged violation. The list of facilities and services included in the new rule was drawn from amenities actually provided by a wide cross-section of senior housing developments across the country, large and small, affluent and less well off, manufactured housing communities, condominiums and single-family communities.  In testimony before Senator Brown's subcommittee, a representative from the Department of Housing and Urban Development testified to the extreme flexibility and cost consciousness built into the new guidelines. Here is what he said, and I quote:       The rule does not assume that people living in housing for      older persons are frail, disabled or require nursing home      care. It does not require congregate dining or on-site      medical care. The facility and services may be provided on or      off the premises of the housing.  Let me add, I think it should require those things. But they may be provided by staff, volunteers, including residents and neighbors, or by third parties, such as civic groups or existing organizations in the community.  The new regulation does not require lavish services, nor do the mandated facilities, affordable only by the well-heeled; rather, they simply embody what is already being offered by bona fide senior communities of all sorts across the map. If a facility is providing at least 10 of the 114 facilities or services on the list, it qualifies for an exemption, a self-designated exemption.  The bill's supporters say the bill will make it easier and surer for a housing community to determine whether it qualifies for a fair housing exemption, and they are absolutely right about that. It makes it a lot easier. They do not have to be a senior facility. They can just not like kids. They can just not like kids around.  What kind of message are we sending to families with children, most of whom are breaking their necks just making it? What are we saying? We want to make it easier for you to have a rationale to keep me out of that community with my 14-year-old daughter?  I think it is outrageous--I acknowledge, I am the only one who seems upset about this; no one else is here to speak against it, that I am aware of--unless they want to make it even easier and just say it is not in vogue to have kids: ``If you have kids, go off and live by yourself.'' The other folks should go off and live by themselves, and if the kids want to follow, so be it. Think about it for a minute.  Let us say that a complex contains 100 units; that all of these are occupied by two people; and that 80 percent are occupied by at least one person over the age of 55. In this hypothetical community, it will be able to lawfully discriminate against families with children under this bill if as few as 80 residents of the 200 of them are over the age of 55, while 120 could be under the age of 55, and we could put up a sign: ``No children allowed.''  They probably all call themselves great Americans, too, by the way. They all talk about how they care about families, and they may even go visit their grandchildren and pat them on the head on their birthdays and Christmas. What does that say, if you can build a community where 80 out of 200 people living in the community are over 55 and you can say ``no kids''? If we want population control, this may be one of the indirect ways of going at it.  To my mind, the math just does not add up to fairness for families and children. I believe this bill will open the door to the very kind of discrimination we sought to outlaw in 1988, and I think it will make it just too easy for folks to hang a sign on the door that just says, ``No children allowed.''  I cannot support this bill. I urge my colleagues not to support this bill. I realize that I am going to hear an awful lot from senior citizens about their rights. I do not think there is anybody on this floor who votes to protect the rights of seniors any more than I do, but no senior, unless they have a physical or emotional problem and need, has a right to tell a kid they cannot live next door. It is just too darn bad, and we are allowing it here.  I might add--well, I will not add anything else, because I will just get myself in trouble if I keep thinking about it and keep talking about it. I do not think this is the right thing to do.  I am sure to most, because we are so busy, this is just a clarification of an existing piece of legislation. That is how it is advertised. I respect my colleague from Colorado. He is joined in support for this by many of the strongest allies in the area of civil rights, many of the colleagues on this floor, my colleagues who I tried rally a little bit about this. They seem to think I am kind of off. One of them even said, ``Biden, that's because you come from a big Catholic family, you keep talking about the size of families.''  I do not like people who discriminate against kids. Period. I think it is well-intended what is being done here, but I want to tell you, if you are 55 years old, ambulatory, still working, have no problem, live at home, have a wife or have a husband, you are hanging around the house, and you are fine and you do not have any special needs, you should not be able to say a kid cannot move next door to you. Period. Period.  I just think this is wrong. I think it is dead wrong. But I am going to lose. I just want to make sure when my children and grandchildren read this, they will know their old man and their grandfather meant what he said.  The only important thing--the only important thing--in this whole outfit is kids. That is the only important thing. All the rest is insignificant. And when we allow people to say, ``No kids here,'' it is like we say, ``No dogs here,'' it is like we say, ``No blacks here.'' That is just wrong, unless there is a real good and compelling reason for it. The fact you are over 55 and 80 out of 200 people in a community over 55, that ``ain't'' good enough for me.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Abraham). Who yields time?  