 President, I rise in opposition to the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 1996. In the course of debate on this legislation many improvements have been made to what was a dangerous piece of legislation.  To mention two of these positive changes: The provisions on the Energy Department relating to our nuclear weapons activities have been greatly improved and the National Missile Defense Act of 1995 has been significantly altered.  Unfortunately, these changes have not gone far enough to correct what I believe is still a flawed piece of legislation.  I will oppose this legislation primarily for two reasons. First, the Missile Defense Act of 1995, though much improved over the original committee version, risks undermining the START treaties. Second, the bill provides for an increase of $7.1 billion in spending on programs that the Pentagon does want nor need.  At this juncture, I want to make clear that I support a robust national defense. I do not think, though, that spending money on weapons systems that the military itself does not want and pursuing a national missile defense which could lead to a new arms race, as this bill does, is a good way to promote our national security.  Senators Nunn, Levin, Cohen, and Warner worked hard to develop a compromise which altered some of the more egregious provisions of the committee-reported version of the Missile Defense Act of 1995. I commend them for their efforts, and I supported their amendment as a way to improve the original bill language.  The amendment does move us away from the original bill's commitment to deploy a national missile defense system by 2003. Furthermore, the scope of the Strategic Missile Defense Program has been strictly limited to defending against unauthorized, accidental, and limited launches as opposed to a more ambitious defense against all types of ballistic missiles. The Congress is now guaranteed a decisive role in the decision to deploy any missile defenses. Finally, provisions which would have tied the President's hands in negotiating ABM Treaty amendments have been removed.  Despite these significant changes, many problems remain with the Missile Defense Act of 1995. In particular, there is a real threat that the Russian Duma will not understand the legislative finessing we have engaged in to avoid a head-on collision with the ABM Treaty. The distinction between developing for deployment a national missile defense system versus deploying such a system are subtle at best. They may also be concerned about policy statements referring to the possibility of withdrawal from the AMB Treaty should negotiations not succeed.  The danger is that these measures on our part will be viewed as violations of the ABM Treaty by the Russians. If the Russians believe that we are developing an effective national missile defense system in violation of the ABM Treaty, then they are likely to lose confidence in their offensive strategic arsenal, which has been shrinking thanks to arms control agreements like START I.  To overcome that lack of confidence, they will seek to develop the means to counter our missile defense system. The cheapest way to do so is to overwhelm missile defenses. In order to retain the ability to do that they will stop implementing START I and refuse to ratify START II.  The progress in arms control which accompanied the signing of the ABM Treaty over two decades ago will have been thrown by the wayside, and ironically we will have the kind of arms race in the post-cold-war world which we were able to avoid in the heyday of the cold war.  Instead of focusing on a threat from ballistic missiles reaching our shores--a threat which we may never face--we should be concentrating our efforts on those areas where a realistic threat does exist. That threat primarily comes in the form of a rogue state or terrorist group gaining access to widely scattered fissile material in the former Soviet Union, fashioning a crude nuclear explosive device, and smuggling it into the United States by conventional means such as a boat.  Our focus should be on securing the many tons of nuclear material in the former Soviet Union, and on tracking dangerous terrorist groups who may be potential customers for that material, not on defending against the remote possibility of a ballistic missile attack from outlaw states or groups.  The second primary concern I have with this legislation is that it calls for wasteful spending. I want to repeat that I stand for a strong national defense. Unfortunately, the additional $7.1 billion in spending above the administration's request called for in this legislation does nothing to improve our national security.  Not one penny of the increase is going into the operations and maintenance account, also known as the readiness account. The reason for that is that there is not a readiness problem under the Clinton defense budgets as some would like us to believe.  Some of the $7.1 billion increase in spending, such as that for national missile defense, could lead to expenditures of tens of billions of dollars in future years if plans are fully carried out. This is an indirect way of forcing enormous increases in future defense budgets which are not included in current budget plans.  At a time when many valuable programs are being subjected to unprecedented cuts, I find it difficult to support large increases in programs in the Defense bill which were not requested by the military and will do nothing to enhance our national security.  For these reasons, Mr. President, I must oppose the Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 1996.  