 It does not have to be this way.  In committee I offered an amendment to provide for a capital budget. It was modeled on the capital budget provisions in the States, including my own State of Delaware.  My amendment established a capital budget for major public physical capital investments. It limited that budget to 10 percent of total outlays--about what the Federal Government has spent on such items in recent years. It required a three-fifths vote of both Houses to place any item within that capital budget.  My amendment was not designed to build a loophole into a balanced budget amendment. Under my amendment, it would not be easier to treat an item as a capital budget item as opposed to a current item. It would be harder. It would require a three-fifths vote. But it would be right.  My amendment failed in committee. Without a capital budget provision, I fear that, not right away but as the years go by, this amendment may skew the way the country invests for the future and we may be able to balance our budget in the end, but we will not spend our money as wisely as we should.  A third concern about this balanced budget amendment relates to the way this amendment treats a program that is arguably the most important and most depended-upon program in the Federal Government.  I am talking about Social Security. As we all know, the Social Security trust fund is designed to spread costs over many years of caring for working people after they retire. We pay in today, so 10 or 20 or 40 or 50 years from now we can live out our lives, knowing that we have that minimum Social Security payment.  The Social Security fund is not supposed to be in balance every year or even every 10 years. It is meant to be [[Page S1822]] balanced over the decades. As this generation of working people pays its Social Security taxes the Social Security trust fund is gathering in a surplus of tens of billions of dollars. Because the Presiding Officer and myself and others are of a generation that is the baby boom generation, or just before that generation, we pay in tens of billions of dollars in excess of what is drawn down by present Social Security recipients--my mom and dad and my uncles and aunts. So there is a surplus. A surplus of $100 billion will be paid in each year, more than is taken out, around the year 2000--$100 billion surplus.  Right now $60 billion more is paid in this year by those of us paying our FICA tax than is paid out to Social Security recipients--$60 billion. My mom and dad think that money goes into an account. They think that is over there for Social Security. A lot of people in my generation who in 15 years will be eligible for Social Security think that money is being put in an account. Guess what, folks? We are spending it. We are spending it now.  But before the year 2014, that Social Security trust fund will have generated a great surplus. But after 2014, we will have substantial deficits. The reason for that is that the baby boom generation will be collecting Social Security and my sons and daughter will be paying into it. There are fewer of them than there are of us. So fewer people will be paying in and more people will be taking out. It sounds like I am stating what is obvious to everyone but it is not obvious to everyone, obviously. The fact of the matter is, after the year 2014 we will be in deficit in the Social Security System.  The balanced budget amendment makes no provision whatsoever for the unique characteristics of the Social Security trust fund. Instead, it treats Social Security revenues and outlays as ordinary Federal budget.  This means in the years that Social Security is generating hundreds of billions of dollars in surplus revenues it will be used to cover hundreds of billions of dollars worth of deficits that the rest of the Federal budget is creating.  After 2014, when the trust fund goes into deficit to the tune of tens or hundreds of billions of dollars a year, we in Congress will have to cut that much from the rest of the budget to make up for the deficit.  What does it mean? It means that for the next 20 years or so, revenues from the Social Security trust fund will make it look like we have balanced the budget when in fact we have not, and after that the huge outlays from the trust fund will force drastic reductions in the rest of Federal spending, or drastic reductions in Social Security. And that means the pain of cutting will be delayed by years from the effective date of this amendment, but it will be that much sharper when it comes.  So we should get Social Security out of this mix, make it clear that the balanced budget amendment does not deal with Social Security, it is not able to use the surpluses and not deal with the deficits. We should be more honest about it with people because Social Security is at stake, in my view.  For all the reasons I have stated I supported Senator Feinstein's amendment in the Judiciary Committee to keep Social Security right where it is now: off budget. The Feinstein amendment recognizes Social Security is not designed to balance its budget every year but over the years, and it recognizes we cannot honestly balance the rest of our Federal budget if Social Security and its huge swings are included. It recognizes that Social Security is a unique institution that deserves unique protection.  The fourth concern I have is this amendment will shift power to the large States at the expense of small States. By imposing supermajority requirements of three-fifths on both Houses it permits a minority of two-fifths plus one to block an unbalanced budget, no matter how necessary for our fiscal and economic health it may be. This minority veto could be marshaled by representatives of just the five or six largest States in America. If the five or six largest States in America get together and agree on something that they need that the rest of the States do not want, they can prevent us from acting on a national emergency by all of them voting as a block--just six or even five of our 50 States.  The fifth and final concern is that nothing in this amendment forces Congress to begin the work of cutting the budget before the year 2002, the first year we require. What will happen when Congress tries to balance the budget all of a sudden in fiscal year 2002? I fear it will be cause an economic disaster. This amendment ought to have some mechanism to guarantee our Government and our economy moves toward a balanced budget on a ``glide path,'' a gradual descent in the deficit that will get us to a balanced budget without forcing a crash landing in the final year. But this amendment does not do that. It is possible it could be done by enabling legislation but I would sure like to see it.  In the days ahead I and my colleagues will be offering amendments to address these and other legitimate concerns. I hope these amendments receive the full debate they deserve. There are none in this body, I hope, who will argue that an amendment to the Constitution is not worthy to receive that full and open debate.  Under the watchful eyes of our forefathers and with the humility that this awesome task engenders, as the debate unfolds in the days to come I will listen to my colleagues, I will support amendments designed to improve this amendment, and I will urge my colleagues to do the same.  I hope at the end of the process I will be able to do what I intend on doing now, and that is to vote for a balanced budget amendment.  I thank the Chair for its indulgence and I yield the floor.  