 President, this goal is straightforward. It is simple and I think consistent with what I heard everyone over the last 2 years talk about. We all stand before this body, in both parties--I do not question the motivation of anyone in either party--and we always talk about the need to give immediate relief to middle-class taxpayers. Admittedly, in this bill there is some relief for middle-class taxpayers in the tax portion, and that is the $500 child care tax credit. I would argue--I will not take the time now--the additional cost to middle-class families as a consequence of the cuts in Medicare and Medicaid will offset that, but that is a different question.  One of the things we also talk about is the goal and dream of every American family, whether it is the richest businessman or poorest welfare mother, and every middle-class family, and that is providing for the education for their children.  Frankly, as the Presiding Officer knows, it is getting harder and harder for middle-class families--and I mean that in a broad range, people making from $30,000 to $90,000 individually or up to $120,000 as a family--to be able to afford a college education. I would like to take a look at what is happening here, very quickly, in the limited amount of time that I have. This is what has happened since 1980.  The orange represents the cost of public college tuition. I want to make sure we understand now I am talking about State universities. I am not talking about private universities, whether the Syracuses or the Harvards or the Yales or the Georgetowns of the world, which are a great deal more expensive than the cost of public tuition and fees. And I am not even talking about room and board. I am not even talking about that--just college tuition and fees. Since the 1980's the college tuition and fees for public universities have increased 236 percent. The median household income in America has gone up 82 percent.  If you go back to 1980 you can see how every single, solitary year the gap is widening, in what I do not know anyone would disagree with is the ultimate middle-class dream most American families have, like the one my father had, he never went to college: give my son and my daughter a college education.  When I went to school, this gap was not so wide. If you take a look at what has happened in terms of, again, income for median families, middle-income families, in 1980, 4.5 percent of median household income was what it cost to send someone to college. Now that is almost doubled, it is 8.4 percent. That is for one child.  The bottomline is it is getting incredibly difficult for middle-class families, or any family to send their child to college. So the result is, in 1980, as I said, it took 4.5 percent of the median household income to pay for tuition and fees. I am not talking, now, about room and board. Today it takes 8.4 percent, almost double, just for tuition and fees for a public university.  Education is one of the best investments we can make in American society. I have voted for investment tax credit for businesses. I voted for tax credits for them buying machinery and all of those things which make sense in my view.  I can think of nothing that makes more sense than encouraging American families to invest in a post-high school education for their children. It seems to me it is about time they should get a break.  Mr. President, to reiterate, this motion to recommit is simple. It instructs the Finance Committee to include in the budget reconciliation bill a tax deduction of up to $10,000 for the costs of a college education.  Let me tell you why this is important. In my years of public service, I have found that no matter what differences may divide us, there is always one constant thing that unites us. We all have the same dream.  Think about it. No matter who you talk to--black or white, rich or poor--every American family dreams that their children will go to college. It was my dad's dream for his children, and it was, and is, my dream for my children. It remains the dream of every middle-class American family.  But, that dream is now at risk. This last summer, a poll was conducted of undergraduate students and parents with children in college. Of those surveyed, 87 percent--nearly 9 out of every 10 Americans--believe that the cost of college is rising so fast that it will soon be out of reach for most Americans.  It should be no surprise why the overwhelming majority of Americans believe that. At the rate we are going, it is true. It is getting harder and harder for middle-class Americans to afford a college education.  It makes you begin to wonder what exactly the word public means when you say ``public higher education.''  A college education is slipping out of reach of middle-class Americans. And, if they still want to fulfill the dream, it means that more and more young people must borrow more and more money to go to college.  One more statistic--and perhaps the one that boggles my mind the most. Of all the money ever borrowed under the Federal Government's guaranteed student loan program, 22 percent of it has been borrowed in the last 2 years.  Let me say that again. The guaranteed student loan program has been with us for 30 years. And, of all the money borrowed during that time, almost one-fourth of it has been borrowed in just the last 2 years.  We are saddling the next generation with enormous debt before their adult lives even begin. And, I am not talking about the abstract terms of the Federal debt. No, this is saddling the next generation with individual, personal debt.  When today's college students walk down the aisle at graduation, they are handed not only a diploma, but a big i-o-u. And, for too many, it is either that, or no college at all.  So, I have a very simple proposition. We should give a tax deduction of up to $10,000 per year for the costs of a college education. Under my motion to recommit, this tax deduction would be limited to single taxpayers with incomes under $90,000 and to married couples with incomes under $120,000. And, it would be paid for by limiting the growth--not cutting, just limiting the growth--in tax expenditures.  Mr. President, education is one of the best investments we as a society can make. It is one of the best measurements of future economic well-being. And, it is more important now than ever before. Previous generations could make a solid middle-class living with only a high school education. No more.  In fact, there was an interesting point made in a Wall Street Journal article last week. Working families save primarily by investing in human capital--that is, education.  Yet, when businesses invest in machine capital, they are not taxed. Middle-class families, when they invest in education, are taxed to the hilt. Education is treated as consumption, not investment.  And, as a Nobel Prize economist once put it, the tax code treats machines better than it does people.  It is time for that to change.  From the establishment of the land-grant university system in the late 1800's to the GI bill at the end of World War II to the creation of the Pell Grant and Guaranteed Student Loan programs in the 1960s, the Federal Government has been committed to seeing that young people desiring to go to college would not be turned away because of the cost. It was a national goal to see a college education within reach of every American.  Now, as that goal begins to slip out of reach for many middle-class families, it is time to renew our commitment to ensuring access to a college education for all Americans. I urge my colleagues to support this proposal.  I reserve the remainder of my time if I have any.  