 President, I will not take any more time--I see the Republican leader--except to say it was not--I cannot take credit or blame for bringing this to the attention of the Senate. It was the Senator from California. But let me just say, to look at it the other way around, let us assume that Japanese troops--let me give it an analogy. When the Prime Minister of Japan made a reference several years ago that the reason why we were not productive is because of race relations with our black population, this country, understandably, was in a furor. And it ended up being one of the elements to bring down that Prime Minister in his own country.  Let me just ask the rhetorical question--and I will yield the floor after I do--what do we think we would do if a 12-year-old girl was driven to a cornfield in any one of our States by three Japanese servicemen stationed in the United States of America, was brutally raped, and one of the Japanese sailors saying, ``I did it,'' in open court, and then the commander of the Japanese fleet, sitting off of San Diego, said in an interview with American reporters, that ``This was stupid on the part of the Japanese sailors. All they had to do was, for the money they had to rent a car in San Diego, they could have went and gotten a girl and had her''?  Can you imagine the indignation of this Nation? There would be every other Senator on the floor of this Nation demanding a public apology and action taken against that admiral. I just think sometimes we do not understand that what is good for the goose is good for the gander. We do not understand how people feel. We never put ourselves in their shoes.  And I will say, if we had a problem with United States-Japanese relations before, as a consequence of this rape, just what are they now? Purely in terms of the United States naked self-interest in the relations with Japan, what has this guy done, if this is true?  I think it is deplorable. I do not know--I am not as certain as my friend from Iowa what the appropriate action is--but I just think as a Nation, we should be publicly apologizing to the people of Japan and we should be publicly vilifying anyone who says things like this.  I yield the floor.  