 I would read from, as further evidence of that although we did not make it absolutely clear, I would read page 2 of the amendment, subsection (e), the bottom, second-to-the-last-line of the page.       Tracer elements to be added to explosive materials under      provisions of this subsection shall be of such character and      in such quantity as the Secretary may authorize or require,      and such as will not substantially impair the quality of the      explosive material for their intended lawful use, adversely      affect the safety of the explosives, or have substantially      adverse effects on the environment.  So we thought that we were dealing with this red herring by having the section requiring that the decision would have to be made that the tracer elements, the taggants, would not adversely affect the safety of the explosives.  Since OTA indicated that there was a possibility of that with regard to smokeless powder, we did not intend that to be covered. But I would suggest--I know my friend from California who is leading this effort has probably had some discussions already with the majority staff and others about this. I hope we can reach a resolution on it. And I sincerely hope, coming from a State where agriculture is our single largest industry in terms of dollars and effect on the economy, and where fertilizers are used a good deal--hope no one would be fearful of explaining to the agricultural community that they supported a study to determine this. I cannot imagine the farmers in my State, very conservative, hard-working folks, would be opposed to a study being conducted to determine whether or not ammonium nitrate could have an element added to it that would not in any way diminish its efficacy on the land but would diminish its efficacy as an explosive component.  I might point out--I might ask it, actually, in terms of a question. Is it the sponsor's intention that this merely be a study relative to means to render inert these components, precursors that can be used as bombs? And that if the study concludes that the only way it could be done would be to diminish the capacity of ammonium nitrate to do its job on the field, that we would not move forward? This is merely a study, is it not?  