 President, the majority leader today opened the session by criticizing the President and criticizing the Democrats for what he says are a flood of amendments that are holding up this bill. He said that if the Senate is not finished by tomorrow, we will pull the bill and go on to further matters.  Let me point out that in all the years that I have been here--and the Senator from Utah has been over here a few years less than I have--one of the things delaying action on the bill today is we are coming off of a recess of a week and half and the Members are not back in town yet. That is one of the reasons there is delay.  Let me first say, contrary to the majority leader's representations, we are not trying to delay this bill. Indeed, on the very same day we received the final version of the Republican bill--and we had started off, by the way, with the President's bill. The President introduced a bill, or had 3 Members introduce the bill on his behalf.  Senators Kohl, Specter, and myself met with the President at the White House. This was a bipartisan group, including the Republican leadership. We were under the impression that the President's bill would be the bill from which we worked.  The Republicans, as is their right, introduced their own bill. One of the problems is that we did not see that bill until toward the middle of the afternoon the day that we went out of here, I think, or maybe the day before we went out. People had not had a chance to read the bill.  Notwithstanding that, the very same day we received the bill, we agreed to a finite list of amendments. We did not wait around. Once we calmed everyone's concerns--we heard about terrorism, civil liberties, new actions, and everyone from folks who view the interests of the NRA as paramount, to folks who view the interests of the civil liberties community as paramount--everyone wanted to make sure they knew what was in that bill.  Notwithstanding that, we ended up with a finite list of amendments which we have now. No doubt that list would have been shorter from the beginning had the Democrats had any reasonable opportunity to review the Republican bill before it was brought to the floor.  Now, having worked hard over the recess, our staffs having worked hard, primarily, we have limited the number of amendments we need to offer from our side of the aisle, and effectively cut the list by more than half.  There is no evidence of any intent to delay the bill. And while talk of delay and the need for cloture motions may be good politics, it has nothing to do with the reality of the work before the Senate. The reality is that we are addressing an important topic that deserves serious--not token, but serious--consideration by this body.  That is, the threat of terrorism from both at home and abroad. That threat is real. Bombings at the World Trade Center 2 years ago and in Oklahoma City 2 months ago are proof positive of the need to strengthen our responses to this threat.  Does not this threat deserve more than 2 days of the Senate's time? It seems to me that while we all want to move forward, we should also want to make sure that we do the job right. The President has sent two strong terrorism proposals to the Congress this year in responding to two terrible bombings on American soil. His proposals contain many needed reforms to enable law enforcement to better investigate and prosecute terrorist acts.  The Judiciary Committee and its Terrorism Subcommittee held a number of extensive hearings on the President's proposal over the last 6 weeks. Many issues have been discussed, debated, and drafted into legislative language. The Republicans have put a bill together, drawn in large measure from the administration's proposal, and much of which is supported by both sides of the aisle.  Unfortunately, the Republicans fail to include in their bills several proposals to give law enforcement modest but [[Page S7674]] needed new authority to fight terrorism in the areas of wiretaps, taggants, and military assistance in cases of biological and chemical terrorist acts, just to name three.  There will be amendments to address these subjects, and the amendments are needed to make this bill a truly effective tool to fighting terrorism. Several of the amendments have been identified, and several of them have already been offered.  The suggestion that they are meant to delay this bill is an obvious attempt to shift focus from the fact that Republicans oppose strengthening the hand of law enforcement against terrorists, the way the President's proposal is opposed to any attempt to delay.  In addition, the Republicans included several provisions in their bill that some of Members believe are ill-drafted and are inappropriate as part of this bill. We have several amendments to modify these provisions, but this is a Republican bill.  Again, the amendments are identified and they have not and will not be offered to delay. They will be shortly offered. They will be voted on. They are not vehicles for delay.  Moreover, I note that the Republicans have identified a number of amendments as well. As I understood from the list before we went out last week, the Republican Members of the Republican Party suggested they had 32 amendments--32 amendments. Now, maybe some of those were in response to what they anticipate to be amendments from Democrats. Democrats have amendments that were put forward in anticipation of what they thought the Republicans were doing. Much of this, I think, will fall away.  Putting this in perspective, if there is delay going on--and there is not delay going on--32 out of 40-some amendments or 70, whatever the number was that were listed last week, are Republican amendments.  In all the talk of delay by Democrats over habeas corpus reform, the unanimous-consent agreement under which we are operating identifies 4 Democrat amendments on habeas corpus and 4 Republican amendments on habeas corpus.  We have all been around here long enough to know Senators do not agree to a unanimous consent agreement limiting the number of amendments that can be offered on a subject that is allegedly the reason for the delay on the bill.  There are four amendments offered by Democrats, four amendments offered by Republicans. I am sure we can get time agreements on all those amendments at some point along the way when they are proposed. That is it.  I might add, by the way, if my Republican friends had wanted to move on this terrorism bill quickly, all they had to do was leave habeas corpus off this. It would not have attracted all these other amendments. We could have put it on their crime bill. They have a crime bill they want to push. We have plenty of time for that, instead of dealing with this issue.  It is true that delay on death penalties being imposed could have a perverse effect, once we identify and convict the people responsible for the bombing in Oklahoma City. That is prospective, way down the road.  We will have Democrats--not me, but other Democrats--who will stand up here on the floor and argue that because we have not done more to deal with the ability of people to get explosives, because we have not dealt more restrictively with the people and the ability of people to get ahold of weapons, because we cannot deal with certain bullets that can penetrate vests, that kill police officers, because they have not done that, they hamper our ability to deal with terrorist acts. That is true.  I plead with my Democrat and Republican friends, keep that stuff off this bill. Move forward on the essential elements of what the President said and what we all agree is needed to enable the FBI and the law enforcement agencies, federally, to be able to have the manpower as well as additional legal authority to both infiltrate, identify, arrest, prevent--hopefully--prevent future terrorist acts, whether they are domestic or foreign inspired.  That is not where we are. No matter how much it made sense to do it that way, it does not make a lot of sense for me to spend much more time talking about it other than to put in perspective what has happened here. We could have finished this bill a long time ago.  The fact of the matter is that a clear decision was made to take a very important part of the Republican crime bill, their essential elimination of Federal habeas corpus, and drop it on this bill.  We could probably settle this whole habeas corpus matter very quickly, the Senator from Utah and I. The only effect habeas corpus can possibly have in this bill is Federal habeas corpus. We have an amendment to limit their proposal to Federal habeas corpus cases. Let us go ahead and do that and drop all Federal habeas corpus amendments, vote on that one.  That is the only thing that is arguably related to Oklahoma City. Nothing else has anything to do with Oklahoma City, zero, zero. Nothing else has anything to do with this legislation. This is Federal legislation dealing with terrorist acts. That is Federal court. That is Federal prosecutors. That is a Federal conviction. So let us deal with Federal habeas corpus, not State habeas corpus.  This is a sham. I think we should change habeas corpus. I have been trying to change habeas corpus, differently than my friend from Utah has, for the last 8 years. We have battled over it, and it is a legitimate and serious, intellectual, political, and criminal justice issue but it has not a darned thing to do with this. So if we want to end all the delay--and there is no delay in terms other than time consuming on each of the amendments--let us just have the debate on that issue. That applies to this legislation. None of the rest does.  The point I want to make here, and I am probably overmaking it, is that there is no delay. There is no delay. We have agreed to the amendment. We have limited the number of amendments that can be brought up. We could further eliminate a lot of those amendments, I am sure, if we could agree on focusing on international and domestic terrorism and we could move on. But one thing for certain, this issue warrants serious consideration--serious consideration. I note the Republicans do not think their 32 amendments are frivolous. Now I doubt any of these amendments, Democrat or Republican, are designed as delaying tactics. I expect we can work many of them out and we can proceed on the rest. But I believe very strongly that our job involves offering relevant amendments to make the bill better and debating them fully and reasonably. Again, terrorism is not a trivial matter, as we all know. The issue is as vital as it is complicated.  Let me just give one example how complicated it is. I will bet that 90 percent of the American people would have guessed that when Joe Lieberman, Senator Lieberman of Connecticut, and I brought an amendment to the floor at the request of the President last week that said we want to give the FBI the same power to use wiretapping devices and wiretapping under the circumstances that we presently allow them to investigate organized crime to organized terrorist threats, I will bet 90 percent of the American people would have thought everybody in this floor would vote for that--especially the Republicans. They talk about law and order all the time, like Democrats do these days. And what happened? We voted on it and it lost. I offer that as a simple example of what is so complicated about this issue. People are beginning to understand when we deal with people's constitutional rights and the fourth amendment that maybe it is better to err on the side of being very cautious in the power we give the police.  I have always been one to be very cautious. But I thought, since we had the ability to do to organized crime what was proposed by Senator Lieberman and in the President's bill, we ought to be able to do that with terrorists. But, guess what, an overwhelming majority of my Republicans friends did not think that made sense. I do not criticize them for that point of view. I just offer it to point out how complicated it is. I bet they have trouble explaining that back home. I do not suggest that their action was wrong or had any motivation other than they have a heightened sense of concern about the use of wiretaps. I respect that. [[Page S7675]]   But guess what, this is not as simple as the majority leader makes it sound. If it were simple, that would have passed like a hot knife through butter here. But it did not. If we could understand how a majority of Republicans do not think we should be able to go after terrorists like we do the mob, then we ought to be able to understand that this is a complicated issue. It is important to get the bill right. Again, terrorism is not a trivial matter. It is vital, as vital as it is complicated. And we have to give law enforcement the tools it needs, even while we maintain protecting our constitutional rights.  Now, look, just to give an example, we are going to have an amendment here shortly that is another wiretap amendment. I will give this as just one example. That wiretap amendment, if it passes, will allow the Attorney General, the Federal Government, to be able to do roving wiretaps. That is the second amendment. That says, if you go to a judge and say, ``Judge, we have probable cause to believe John Doe is committing or committed a felony under the existing title 18 of the United States Code that allows us to ask for a wiretap and we want to tap John Doe's phone,'' if the court concludes there is probable cause, then in fact what we do is we go along and we say: All right, the judge says that he will allow a wiretap. Generally what happens is you get a wiretap for a specific phone in John Doe's office or John Doe's home. But lots of times what has happened is that John Doe may figure he may be being tapped because he knows he is doing something wrong. He knows he is trying to avoid detection. So he may walk to the corner phone booth and use the corner phone booth all the time. Or he may go use the phone in his sister's home.  Right now the current authority for what are known as roving or multipoint wiretaps, or wiretap orders--a provision was proposed by the President, but not included in the Republican substitute, that would allow this kind of multipoint order, multipoint wiretap to be used. Multipoint wiretaps allow law enforcement officers to obtain a judicial order to intercept the communications of a particular person, not just for one specific phone as with most wiretap orders, but on any phone that a person may use.  A recent prosecution will help illustrate how the multipoint wiretaps work. In this particular case involving one of the world's biggest international drug traffickers, agents determined that a courier was contacting his bosses by using a number of randomly chosen public phones around his home, public phones outside his home. A multipoint wiretap was obtained and up to 25 phones were identified to prepare for the chance that the target would use one of these phones. Any time he used one of those phones the agents were able to initiate a wiretap. Interceptions obtained in this way led to 53 Federal indictments and 19 tons of cocaine that were seized.  The wiretap on his phone would not have yielded much at all, but they identified all the phones around this guy's neighborhood because they watched him. They watched the pattern. He would walk out of his house and go to a telephone and use that phone. The next time he would use one two streets down from his home, and then four streets, and across the street, and in the drug store across the street. So they got an order for a multipoint wiretap. And they were right. They got the order through a judge.  Under the current law the Government can get a multipoint wiretap order only if it can show that the defendant is intending to thwart surveillance, usually by switching from phone to phone. The amendment the President wants, and Senator Lieberman will propose on his behalf, would allow a multipoint wiretap where the defendant's conduct has the effect of thwarting surveillance regardless of whether or not the Government can prove the defendant's intent. Keep in mind they already have a guy they identified as the subject of a legitimate wiretap in his own home. And there is probable cause to believe this guy is doing something bad that exists as a crime under the law that you can get a wiretap for.  