 I believe many of his proposals are interesting and innovative, although I have reservations about some of them. I look forward to working with him and others to see to it that we make our enforcement mechanisms as simple and effective as possible, while maintaining a commitment to ensure due process.  Mr. McCain. Mr. President, I want to thank the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, as well as Senator Dole and Senator Nickles, for their hard work and leadership in bringing this bill to the floor.  The bill would amend the Federal criminal code to require that criminals compensate their victims--an initiative that is long overdue. According to the Bureau of Justice statistics 2 million people in the United States are injured each year as a result of violent crime. The cost of personal and household crime is estimated to exceed $20 billion per year--a sum that does not include the incalculable cost in human terms. In relatively few cases are victims made whole for their losses by those who preyed upon them.  Mr. President, one needs only to read the morning paper or watch the evening news to know that violence and crime plague our Nation. We have become inured to the ghastly statistics. But, Mr. President, victims are not statistics. They are real people. They are our brothers and sisters, mothers and fathers, sons, daughters and neighbors. They deserve our compassion and assistance. It's time that our criminal justice system no longer treat crime victims as second class citizens.  Passage of this bill will help achieve that goal by ensuring that victims are compensated as part of the criminal sentencing process rather than forcing the aggrieved to seek remedy through time consuming, costly and at times degrading and agonizing civil action.  I want to express my gratitude to Senator Hatch and Senator Biden for including a number of provisions I requested to improve the bill. I would like to review those provisions.  First, the committee included a provision to double the fine assessed to Federal felons from $50 to $100 and for criminal organizations from $200 to $400. This provision achieves the primary goal of a bill, S. 841, which I introduced earlier this year. The revenues from the increased assessment will be placed into the Crime Victim Fund to increase support for State and local victim assistance programs.  Second, the committee included language to require offenders to pay their criminal fines, assessments, and restitution orders in full and immediately if they have the resources to do so. If they cannot pay immediately, then the court will be required to impose a reasonable and enforceable payment plan that ensures full payment within the shortest time possible.  Third, language was inserted to ensure that when a criminal debtor becomes delinquent, a hearing can be held to determine the reason. If the offender has no resources with which to pay, then the payment schedule can be amended. If the delinquency is willful, however, penalties can be imposed, including an outright prohibition on criminal debtors receiving moneys from the Crime Victim Fund.  Fourth, the committee added a provision I requested to require offenders to notify the court of any change in their economic circumstances which might affect the offender's ability to pay their debt so that the applicable payment schedule can be appropriately modified. A Federal criminal whose financial circumstances improve should not be able to duck his or her responsibility to the victim because they are subject to an insufficient or outdated payment plan.  Fifth, the bill will make procedures for assessing and enforcing criminal debt uniform among the three major categories: mandatory assessments, discretionary fines and restitution which after passage of this bill will be mandatory.  Finally, the bill includes a provision to see that crime victim assistance will no longer be counted against a recipient as revenue in determining eligibility for Federal assistance programs.  Again, I want to thank the committee for their hard work. This is an important bill which I believe will not only assist victims but will prove to be a formidable deterrent to crime.  Mr. President, having said that, I must mention that the bill does not include all the provisions I would like to see. I had intended to offer several amendments, but the committee has requested that Senators withhold to ensure speedy consideration and passage of this vital bill this year. I certainly want to cooperate in that effort and given assurances from the committee that the initiatives I was going to offer will be considered next year, I have decided to withhold.  The first amendment I had intended to offer would have privatized the collection of delinquent criminal debt. Mr. President, outstanding Federal criminal debt totals over $4 billion. A portion of that amount may be uncollectible because in many cases court assessments exceed the ability of the offenders to pay, but, I know of no one who disagrees that hundreds of millions of dollars in outstanding debt are quite collectible.  It's a simple reality that U.S. attorneys who are responsible for investigating and prosecuting Federal crimes assign a lower priority to the collection of delinquent debt. Privatizing such debt will ensure that more assessments and restitution orders are enforced, collected and deposited into the Crime Victim Fund or provided to the victim.  The second amendment I planned to offer was to declare offenders who willfully avoid their financial obligations, ineligible for Federal grants, contracts, licenses, or other nonmandatory Government assistance. Willful delinquency should be dealt with firmly. We should not provide Federal benefits to those who purposely evade their responsibilities.  Third, I had intended to offer an amendment to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act [ERISA] which would allow pension income to be garnished to pay outstanding restitution or criminal debt orders. Under current law, retirement benefits can only be attached to pay delinquent child support. The collection of victim compensation and criminal debt should be priorities as well.  The final amendment I had intended to offer would have increased the amount that the Federal Government is legally able to contribute to State victim compensation programs from the Crime Victim Fund. Currently, Federal payments are restricted to 40 percent of the amount that the State provides to its victim compensation fund. The pending bill will increase the Crime Victim Fund by doubling the special assessment against felons. We should increase the 40-percent ceiling so that the direct compensation programs can benefit from these increased resources.  Senator Hatch has informed me that the committee intends to take up a criminal debt enforcement bill next year, and that these four proposals will receive consideration at that time. I would like to ask the Senator if that is the committee's plan.  