 President, one of the things that is deficient, in my view, about the legislation before us--and I will shortly send an amendment to the desk about it that I think we have worked out--and that is, in fairness to my friend from Texas, the chairman of the committee, in his, if I have this correct, 602(b) allocation, initially he got less money in that allocation. I am not being critical of the chairman. He got less money in that allocation than was needed to fund some of the things I think he believes should have been funded, and I strongly believe, along with Senator Hatch and a number of my Republican as well as Democratic colleagues, should be funded.  In this case the present appropriations bill before us funds the Violence Against Women Act law at $75 million less than is needed. It is funded at $100 million. I am going to shortly send an amendment to the desk to increase that funding. I ask to be corrected if I am mistaken here, but I will, on behalf of Senator Gramm and myself, send to the desk, along with Senators Hatch and Wellstone and others, an amendment that would restore the $75 million in this account.  I understand the reason we have been able to work this out is a consequence of the generosity of the distinguished chairman of the full committee and the ranking member of the subcommittee, this subcommittee, who have come up with this agreement that, in turn, has had the effect of providing an additional $75 million for the violent crime trust fund. It is that from which this is funded.  Of all the legislation I have ever worked on here in the Senate, this one, the Violence Against Women Act, has been, in my case, my first priority and proudest accomplishment. When it passed the Senate with overwhelming bipartisan support I was hopeful that support would be maintained. Frankly, I lost faith there for a little while when the appropriations bill first came out.  I am actually waiting for the amendment so I can send it to the desk. I will explain the rest of it while I am waiting.  