 President, let me respond to the question posed to me by the Senator from California, Senator Boxer. There are a couple of things I have observed in the years of working with Senator Boxer, and that is when she thinks she is right, there is nothing that slows her up. I mean nothing. Almost without exception, in my dealings with her and the matters we have worked on, she has a commonsense approach to these things that is, quite frankly, sometimes around this place is not factored in. If she had stood up today on the floor of the Senate and said, you know, my colleagues in the Senate, the statute of limitations for rape is 3 years. Yet, the statute of limitations for robbery is 5 years, and what I want to do is I want to increase the statute of limitations for rape from 3 to 5 years, I imagine there would be a chorus of Members in the Senate on both side standing up and saying, bravo, right.  My goodness, why would we have a serious crime like rape be a statute that was only 3 years and yet a less serious crime like assault be a 5-year statute of limitations. Because I want to make it clear--and I know all my colleagues and everybody on the floor here who has dealt in this area or are accomplished lawyers in their own right know that--let us keep in mind what the rationale for the statute of limitations is. The rationale is, the more serious the crime, the more we are committed to finding the perpetrator, and ofttimes that means we need more time.  A second factor that goes into this is that some crimes are more difficult to solve than others because the evidence that is needed to solve the crime sometimes takes a long time to track down.  Third, we have generally tried--in terms of title 18, the criminal code in effect for the Federal Government--to standardize the amount of time we give prosecutors and the Government to find perpetrators of crime.  Now, the fact of the matter is that I do not think this has anything to do with gun control. It happens to be that we are talking about a Firearms Act that affects guns, but it really does not matter. It has everything to do with equity, and it has everything to do with giving the victim and the Government a chance to find the person who did the thing that we think is a very bad thing.  For example, if someone is out there violating the Firearms Act with a machine gun, then we have as a policy, as a nation, for the past several decades said that is a very bad thing. Yet, there is a 3-year statute of limitations for that. Or if we go out and say we do not want people using chemical weapons or making explosives that can do great damage, we said in the first instance that is a bad thing to do. It is unhealthy for Americans, for people to be making these devices or putting silencers on their guns. Why do people put a silencer on a gun? Is it because they are target practicing in their basement and they do not want to disturb the folks on the second floor? Or is it because they do not want the deer to hear the bullet coming? Why do you use silencers? You use a silencer to avoid detection. And so if someone is out there violating the Firearms Act with a silencer or machinegun or building a bomb, it seems to me, just on the face of it, that we should give the Government and the victims enough time out there as we give somebody if they are assaulted. My Lord, if someone is assaulted, the case stays open for 5 years. Yet, if someone violates what we all say is a serious problem, we are saying 3 years.  Now, look, I know that some of my friends on both sides of the aisle are a little concerned about this because I know that it says ``guns and firearms,'' and when you say that around here, that sets off bells and whistles and so on. But I respectfully suggest that this is totally consistent--although I have not spoken to the national NRA, I have [[Page S7727]] spoken with the NRA in my State and the leadership in my State. I keep in contact with them. As I said yesterday, in my State, the NRA are upstanding citizens. The leader in my State is a member of the ACLU and the NRA and is a practicing lawyer in town. The No. 2 guy in my State in the NRA is a former captain in a police department in Dover, DE. These guys are not wackos or nuts; they are serious citizens.  Now, I have not spoken to them about this, but I have spoken to them and the national NRA about how we should be dealing with guns and gun offenses. What do they always say to us? They say, look, do not outlaw the gun, increase the penalty. So Senator Gramm comes to the floor all the time and makes a logical, coherent argument. He says, hey, do not do away with assault weapons, but if you have anybody using one, violating the law in its use, nail them. Minimum mandatory sentences, minimum mandatory imprisonment.  And so the philosophy that the NRA has adopted--and to their credit it is consistent--is that people kill people, guns do not kill people. And only when they take that inert instrument, that thing called a gun, and do something bad with it, do you engage the Government.  We have decided as a matter of law under the Firearms Act that it is a bad thing to go around putting silencers on the end of revolvers, or rifles for that matter. We decided that it is a bad thing to tote around a machinegun. We decided that. I do not hear any gun organization saying, by the way, legalize the sale of machineguns again. I do not hear anybody saying silencers are something we should be using. So I am a little surprised that there is any opposition to the initiative of my friend from California. The one thing she is probably--I will speak only of the Democratic side, so I do not implicate any of my Republican friends. She is among the four or five most successful legislators. She knows how to get things done. I assume that it comes from her 10 years of experience in the House. I think she is as surprised as I am that this may be resisted, because I cannot figure out why it would be. It is consistent with what--I do not want to put a negative spin on it--the gun proponents say is the way we should handle the issue of firearms in America. It is consistent. It relates to penalties, not outlawing them. And it is totally consistent with the way in which we decide under title 18 to deal with the vast majority of crimes.  Now, look, this increases from 3 to 5 years the statute of limitations for the most serious weapons offenses, specifically those under the National Firearms Act. In doing so, this amendment brings the statute of limitations into line with the vast majority of Federal offenses which have to do with guns and do not have to do with guns. Generally, the statute of limitations is a period which the Government has following the crime to bring an indictment under Federal law. All noncapital crimes are subject to a limitation. The National Firearms Act covers the most dangerous weapons: machineguns, sawed-off shotguns, silencers, and destructive devices which include any explosive or incendiary or poison gas, A, bomb, B, grenade, C, rocket having a propellant of more than four ounces, D, missiles having explosive or incendiary charges of more than one-quarter of an ounce, and E, a mine.  You know, these are not playthings we are talking about. These are serious offenses. Again, I do not know anybody, whether they are the NRA--and I stand to be corrected by anybody else--who says, by the way, you should not outlaw sawed-off shotguns, machineguns, and rockets having a propellant and the charges, grenades, bombs, incendiary charges of more than one-quarter ounce, and missiles.  So all the Senator is asking for is what the police are asking for. It defies logic to give offenders a break by limiting the statute of limitations to only 3 years. The statute of limitations in other Federal crimes is that, as has been pointed out by the Senator from California, a vast majority of those crimes already are 5 years. Let me give you a few examples. Crimes with a 5-year statute of limitations include assault, 18 United States Code section 111; kidnapping, 18 United States Code section 1201; bank robbery, 18 United States Code section 2113; car robbery, 18 United States Code section 2119; embezzlement, 18 United States Code section 641.  I also point out that the statute of limitations is also 5 years for illegally importing lottery tickets, impersonating a Federal employee, unlawfully shipping, transporting, receiving, possessing, selling, distributing, or purchasing contraband cigarettes, counterfeiting, forging, or using any counterfeited or forged postal or revenue stamp of any foreign government, unauthorized use of the character Smokey the Bear. It is a misdemeanor, but it is a 5-year statute of limitations. Unauthorized use of the character Woodsy Owl. That is a 5-year statute of limitations.  Now, look, if we are going to give the Government 5 years to track down the guy who impersonates or uses Woodsy the Owl, why in the devil would we not give 5 years to the Federal Bureau of Investigation to track down somebody who has violated the most serious weapons offenses that nobody I know of is suggesting we do away with?  