 President, let Members be clear about what we are talking about.  A petition for habeas corpus--I want to complicate this--a petition for habeas corpus is literally and simply a piece of paper on which a State prisoner says, ``I have been denied my constitutional rights in the following way,'' and takes that paper or has his lawyer take the paper and file that in a Federal court.  In almost all instances, this is after his remedies have expired in a State court system. The issue is whether he or she should be able to file that in Federal court and under what circumstances.  The piece of paper that a habeas corpus petition is written on says that the prisoner claims to be held or sentenced to death in violation of the Federal Constitution, the U.S. Constitution. It does not ask that the prisoner be released, but it does ask that he be given a new trial.  Habeas corpus is the means by which Federal courts ensure that State [[Page S7841]] courts are following the Constitution. It ensures that those in jail or on death row were not only not put there mistakenly, but that they were not put there in violation of the U.S. Constitution.  I might add, if we, in fact, eliminate Federal habeas corpus or in effect eliminate Federal habeas corpus, what we do is we leave to 50 different States the potential for 50 different interpretations of fact and law.  We all know if a Federal court makes a judgment on a Constitution in a circuit or in a district, it usually goes to a circuit, and then to the Supreme Court. We get a final national judgment on how to read that provision and that fact/legal mixture under the Federal Constitution. We have a uniform application of the law.  The writ of habeas corpus, known historically as the ``great writ,'' is enshrined in the Constitution itself, which provides that ``The writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended,'' article I, section 9.  Unfortunately, under the current system, guilty people can sometimes delay their death sentences by filing frivolous habeas petitions. There is no time limit on when the petition has to be filed, and there is no statutory limit on the number of petitions.  I have, in years past, proposed legislation that would reform this system to generally limit a petitioner to one petition in Federal court, and to impose strict limits on when that petition had to be filed. But my legislation also recognized in that one round of Federal review, the prisoner is allowed and must be allowed a full and careful review to ensure that we do not execute innocent people.  The death sentence is unlike any other. There is no turning back once it has been carried out; to state the obvious, a mistake cannot be fixed. Because of that, we cannot allow the death penalty to be used against innocent people and we cannot allow it to be carried out unfairly.  I am certain all of my colleagues would agree that, although the death penalty should be applied swiftly and with certainty, the worst thing in the world would be for it to be applied wrongly.  My amendment tries to preserve the important role that habeas plays, while reducing delays. It strikes at what I believe is the issue that truly rises above all else in the Republican bill. It strikes the provision in the Republican bill that I think is the most troublesome, and that is the so-called rule of deference, which has been known around here the last 20 years that I have been here as the full and fair rule.  This, in my view, and probably in the view of advocates of both sides of the habeas corpus debate, is the single most important provision of the Republican bill and the single biggest difference between my approach and their approach.  As the chart I have just had put up illustrates, when it comes to speeding things up, Senator Hatch and I are in the same spot. Both our bills have time limits on when a petition can be filed. Both our bills have limits on successive petitions. But our bill differs when it comes to the issue of deciding these petitions.  I said the Federal courts should exercise independent review while the Specter-Hatch bill requires Federal courts to defer to the States.  It is important to realize that the deference standard in the Specter-Hatch bill effectively makes the rest of the bill irrelevant. After all, what difference does it make what the time limits are if the Federal courts are going to be precluded from examining what the State courts did in any event? What difference do the time limits make? That is the fundamental difference in our approaches, because that is what the result of the Specter Hatch bill will be.  Let me give a hypothetical example. Suppose an innocent man is charged with a capital crime and during the investigation one of the witnesses identifies someone else as having committed the crime other than the defendant, a fact which is concealed from the defendant. And there are cases where this has occurred.  At trial the witness identifies the defendant, the innocent man, even though the prosecution has in its possession the evidence that another witness identifies someone else as having committed the crime. But at trial, the second witness identifies the defendant, the innocent man.  In addition, the witness testifies that he has never met the defendant before when, in fact, the prosecutor knows that the witness harbors a grudge against the defendant, the witness who identifies the defendant.  Now, the prosecutor goes ahead and does not tell the defense about the details of what the witness previously said, that he previously said, no, I identify somebody else, and where the prosecution knows that the identifying witness has a grudge against the defendant.  The State courts go ahead and uphold the conviction anyway, reasoning that the truthful evidence would not actually prove the defendant innocent.  Let me get this straight now. If in a trial the stenographer here is accused of killing John Doe and the prosecutor interviews me as a witness. I say no, he did not kill John Doe, Charlie Smith killed John Doe. But then I say, no, I change my mind. I think he did kill John Doe.  The prosecutor investigates and finds out that the stenographer and I have hated one another for the last 20 years, or I have held a grudge against the stenographer because he took down one of my speeches incorrectly.  They never do that, I might add.  Now, the prosecutor does not tell the defendant about my grudge against the defendant and about the fact that I initially identified somebody else. So, now there is a trial and he is convicted.  After the conviction takes place, he files a petition for the writ of habeas corpus and proves that this information was withheld from him; that it would have made a difference to the jury. And the State court of Delaware says: No, no, even if that is true, it does not prove that he is innocent. It just proves that I have a grudge against him and it just proves that the prosecution was not totally honest. But it does not prove his innocence. Therefore, hang him. Or, in Delaware, lethal injection.  Now, the fact of the matter is under the language of this bill the State court's decision on this issue, that is the scope of the prosecutor's duty to turn over the information, would be the absolute last word because, as long as the State court decision could be described by a lawyer as being reasonable, the Federal court could not overturn it. In this example, an innocent man may be put to death because, under this bill's provisions, the issue before the Federal court would be, was it reasonable for the State court to say that they are upholding the conviction because the information withheld would not have proved his innocence?  The probability is the Federal court would have to say that is reasonable. It may not be right. We might not have decided it that way, but it is reasonable. A reasonable man could say, all right, even if the jury had known this, it did not prove his innocence. They still may have convicted him. The Republican bill says:       An application for writ of habeas corpus on behalf of a      person in custody pursuant to the judgment of a State court      shall not be granted with respect to any claim that was      adjudicated on the merits in State court proceedings unless      the adjudication of the claim * * * resulted in a decision      that * * * involved an unreasonable application of, clearly      established Federal law, as determined by the Supreme Court      of the United States.  That is a heck of a standard to have to apply.  So, I say goodbye to the stenographer. He is off to death row. He probably thinks he is off to death row when he has to come out here and take down my speeches. But he is off to death row. Because even though--even though--the prosecution withheld evidence that goes to his innocence, instead of the court saying, ``This would have made it difficult for the jury to find beyond a reasonable doubt he was guilty,'' which would have been a reasonable conclusion to reach as well, they said ``This does not prove that he is innocent so we are not going to overturn the conviction.'' So he is gone. Because, as long as the State court decision could be described by a lawyer as being reasonable, the Federal court has to defer to the State court.  The effect is there is no habeas corpus review on matters of fact and law at a Federal level. My amendment simply strikes this language. It leaves in the bill the rest of the reforms--time limits, limits on second petitions--but it strikes the deference rule and allows [[Page S7842]] the current practice of independent review by the court, the Federal court. The Federal court should be able to say in that circumstance: We understand what the State court did but under our interpretation of the Constitution and his constitutional rights we believe that withholding this information was so prejudicial that he should get a second trial with all the facts being known. They should be able to do that. This would preclude them from doing that.  I think there are four parts of this long sentence I read up here on the board, four parts of this long sentence which have a devastating effect.  (