 President, I yield myself the remainder of the time.  Let me respond quickly to my friend's comment in response to what I had said.  First of all, he said this is about winning freedom. This is not about winning freedom. Habeas corpus is granted--no freedom. It means a new trial.  He points out very forthrightly that he attempts to prevent folks from going to Federal court except as it relates to being able to go to the Supreme Court. It is not the Supreme Court's job to take a detailed look at every State court conviction. It is for the Supreme Court to decide weighty issues of Federal constitutional law. That is why we have Federal courts and that is why my committee spends so much time, a significant portion of it, considering the nomination of Federal judges. Our system depends on Federal courts, all the Federal courts, being the safeguarders of Federal law.  Let us just put this in very practical terms. Let us assume he is right, the State courts are fully capable and do not need any Federal review. What you end up with is as many as 50 different interpretations of the Federal Constitution; 50 different ways in which 50 different States could interpret whether or not a constitutional right has been denied or not denied. Just from a very practical standpoint that is not good policy. Whereas, when you have the appeal to the Federal court system, that becomes the law, the law of the land governing all 50 States.  I also point out that the State--as the Senator said: Look, we allow folks who are convicted in State court to go to State courts for their appeal and folks convicted in Federal court to go to the Federal courts for their habeas corpus petitions. The problem is that Federal court judges are trained in their experiences in interpreting the Federal Constitution. State courts hardly deal with the Federal Constitution. They deal with the State constitutions. We should have the people who are trained and experienced in interpreting the Federal law relative to the Federal Constitution being able to determine whether there has been a violation of that Federal law or, in this case, the Federal Constitution.  Last, Justice Powell, I am confident--and I am willing to bet; you are not allowed to bet on the floor--but figuratively speaking, I would be willing to bet him dinner at any restaurant in America that Justice Powell does not support his amendment. I can say that with certainty because Justice Powell's commission came forward with an explicit guarantee that there would be access to Federal courts; an explicit guarantee. They made it absolutely clear that it is essential there be access to the Federal courts. I do not doubt that Judge Bork would support this, I do not doubt that at all. In fact, I am certain he would and we should all keep that in mind.  So I reserve the remainder of my time.  