  The second problem I have with the amendment as it is written is this section (a)(2)(A), it says, ``no civil or criminal penalty,'' and then it shifts to ``shall be imposed, if the court or agency as appropriate, finds that the defendant reasonably in good faith determined, based upon the language of the rule published in the Federal Register, that the defendant was in compliance with, exempt from or otherwise not subject to, the requirements of the rule.''  Let me explain why that bothers me. We can make an analogy to one of the more loathed agencies in America, the IRS. I know I do not do my taxes anymore, and I have the dubious distinction two times ago as being listed as the poorest man in the U.S. Senate. Second poor only to the man in Montana sitting behind the Senator, so I do not have a very complicated tax form to fill out.  But I do not even do my own taxes anymore. I pay about 1,200 bucks a year to have somebody do my taxes when I do not have anything to declare. I do not have any money. I am not proud of that, but I do not have anything. I do not own a single stock, a single bond, a single investment. I do not own anything, except me and the bank own my house.  Having said that, if I decided I was going to try to save myself this 1,200 bucks this year--were I not a U.S. Senator, I would not have anybody do my taxes, but I am afraid I would inadvertently make a mistake and there would be a headline in the newspaper that says ``Biden screws up his taxes'' so I pay somebody to do them, even though I do not have any need to do it.  Having said that, I sat down and tried to figure out interest, on what interest is a legitimate deductible--on my mortgage. So I wrote this all out and I got it figured. I got this all down just right.  It turns out, when I sent it in, figuring if I sent in this finished tax form to the accountant, one of these big accounting firms, that I would get a break because they would not have to do all this work and maybe it would not be $1,200 or whatever it was, maybe it would be $300--it turns out I was wrong the way I calculated the interest.  I did it in good faith. I acted in good faith. I guess I am revealing the fact that maybe I am not as bright as I would like to think I am, but I am a relatively well educated guy. I acted in good faith. I went out and did it as best I could--fearful of the political consequences if I was wrong, so I had an incentive to get it right. And I still ended up wrong.  Nobody suggests that, even though I relied--I acted in good faith, I reasonably, in good faith, determined that I could deduct more than I was actually able to deduct on my home mortgage interest--because I did not figure out the basis correctly, but at any rate, that I was able to do that--I doubt, when the IRS came to me and said, ``No, Biden, you owe $220 more than you calculated,'' that I should go to a court and say, ``I am not paying it; take it to court,'' and you cannot get it from me because I can prove to a court I reasonably relied on what the code said.  I just made a mistake. What worries me here is that some of these regulations are understandably complicated, like the IRS code. So, if I come along, as a guy who in my State wants to build a project or dispose of a chemical or whatever, and I act in good faith and I reasonably, in good faith, determine that this law does not apply to me--when anybody who really knows, knows if I had gone to my lawyer or if I had spoken to somebody they would make it clear that I did have the requirement to abide by a different way--I do not know why we should reward ignorance.  I can understand rewarding reliance, reliance on good faith: Going, disclosing all the facts to the agency, saying ``Here is the deal, this is what I plan on doing, here are my plans.'' And some agency guy or woman saying, ``That is OK.'' Then I go ahead and do that, and they come back and say, ``Wrong, wrong. We are going to fine you.'' That person should be held harmless.  But what I do not agree with, that subsection (a) seems to allow, is, if I sit down as Joe Biden Waste Removal Co., read the regulations, and say, ``You know, in good faith I think I can dump this toxin in the local landfill,'' and I go ahead and dump it in the local landfill, and then the EPA, or State of Delaware comes along and says, ``No, you violated the law,'' for me to be able to go back and say, ``You know, I in good faith determined that this word meant that,'' I do not think I should be held harmless, because the public interest is at stake here.  