 Back in 1973, which is not that long ago--I guess my kids think it is 100 years ago, but it is not that long ago. It is not like listening to my Grandfather Finnegan telling me about strikes in the 1920's and that kind of thing. It was the beginning, looking back on it, of sort of the end, if not the demise, of the balancing power of American organized labor in the country, where they were able to be major players in determining wages, hours, working conditions, their input on the economy, and which direction the economy could go.  Over the last 23 years, something interesting has happened. If this debate were taking place in 1973, you would have some of our Republican colleagues standing up--and maybe even a few Democrats standing up--and saying, you know, the problem is that organized labor has become too powerful; organized labor is fat; organized labor is resting on its laurels; organized labor is not productive, and all of the list of horribles we used to hear. I find it kind of interesting in this debate that nobody who opposes our position--which is that you should not be able to replace people who are legitimately striking under the law--to maintain, not to gain but maintain, where they are. Nobody is making the argument we used to hear about how powerful and bullying the American labor movement is. Nobody is even making the argument that we used to always hear about how this is so unfair to business. What happened to them?  When I attend chamber of commerce dinners in my home State--a corporate State, and I suspect the same is true in Massachusetts and Connecticut--I do not hear businessmen complaining about organized labor; because, in effect, organized labor has already given at the office, already gotten the living devil kicked out of them. Without making a judgment that I think is unfair, the point is that this is like beating up on a kid now. Organized labor now frequently gets put in the position where, because of horrible management practices over recent decades, they are told that, by the way, if you do not make the following concessions, we are going to shut down. We are just going to close the company.  So organized labor is scared to death; the workers are scared to death. And they give much more than management gives in terms of concessions to keep a lot of these outfits open and running. And now they have gotten to the point where what happens--and it rarely happens--is that when they are truly being abused and when there is no serious good faith collective bargaining going on, they decide they have nothing left to do but go out on strike. And now some in American business are saying, we are about to strip you of the last bit of leverage you have. If you go out on strike, we are going to replace you. And thus union members are deterred because of what the Senator from Connecticut said: Fear.  People are scared to death. They are scared to death to exercise what they believe to be even their legitimate rights. Even when they are being maltreated, they do not go on strike because they are afraid of the alternative because of the nature of the economy, the downsizing of American corporations, the way things are; the whole world is turning upside down. I find it interesting that on this issue, which you would think would be so basic, this is not even taking place in an environment where anybody is legitimately making the argument that these people who are going on strike are doing it because they are greedy and trying to take over a company, or because they are trying to put somebody under. You do not even hear that argument. When these people go on strike--I think this is an interesting point people should remember--it is desperation. It is not deciding whether they want to go on strike to get a better wage to be able to have a second car and a trailer and a vacation at the beach. That is the argument we heard in the 1960s and 1970s. They are going on strike now because they say, hey, wait a minute, I have given at the office; I have been giving at the office for the last 15 years. I have already had my standard of living lowered and now you are telling me  [[Page S3954]] again that I cannot even maintain where I am. I do not think it is fair, you are not treating me fairly, and I am going on strike, which I am allowed to do under the law.  It amazes me why we are even having this fight. When is the last time any of the people in this Chamber picked up a paper and read about how unions and organized labor have taken such horrible advantage of people? All they have done for the last 10 to 12 years is given concessions and increased their productivity. And now, we have reached the point that--to steal a phrase from Mr. Stockman, who commented on the Reagan tax policy--these folks are like pigs in a trough now. They not only want them to continue to give at the office, but they want to take away the last thing they have under the law. I, quite frankly, did not ever think this would be a debate we would be having on the floor of the U.S. Senate.  Again, look at all the strikes that are taking place nationwide. Look at the effects of the strikes taking place nationwide. Look at what is being requested by those strikes that are taking place nationwide. I will lay you 8 to 5 that 85 percent of the people would say what is being asked is reasonable. They may or may not agree, but it is reasonable.  No one is even making the claims anymore, I say to my friend from Massachusetts, that this is some muscle-bound organized labor, who is just out there ripping off everyone and intimidating companies. This is just people who are just trying to be in a position where they can--to use the expression of my friend from Massachusetts--``keep their heads above the water.'' And now they are being told they do not even have a right. What prompted me to say all this was the word used by the Senator from Connecticut: Fear. Can you imagine the fear and intimidation of an individual who, in today's circumstances, thinking that after roughly 60 years of practice under the NLRB, they are going to be put in the position if they even stand up and try to stop further erosion, that the alternative for them in an environment where there are no other jobs is that they lose their job permanently? That is simply not fair.  Our former colleague from California, the present Governor of California, ran an ad I remember seeing. He was talking about immigration, but I will take the words he used and apply it here, because I disagreed with his view on immigration. He said something like this: Some people are playing by the rules. They are doing it the American way. Other people are not playing by the rules and they are being rewarded for it. That is not the American way.  Striker replacement in circumstances where there is no evidence that there has been a violation of the labor laws is not the American way.  It is a reflection of greed, the greed and avarice of those who want to make a fundamental change that working women and men are put into their proper place, from their perspective. I think it is, quite frankly, outrageous.  The Senator said, ``Who is going to stand up and fight for them?'' Well, I know of no two people who have been better champions of their cause in making sure they are never left unspoken for than the Senator from Massachusetts and the Senator from Connecticut, and I compliment them.  