 President, I yield myself such time as I may use up to that point.  I rise today in opposition to the Department of Justice appropriations in this conference report and an attempt by my Republican colleagues to rewrite the anticrime legislation on an appropriations bill.  In my view, it is a lousy idea to rewrite crime policy on an appropriations bill, wiping out major programs the Senate created only last year after 6 years of extended debate and replacing it with new programs without review or debate and doing it all on an appropriations bill. It is unnecessary, in my view, and it is completely contrary to how the Senate has traditionally worked.  I assume--and I see the distinguished chairman of the appropriations subcommittee is here--I assume it is because you cannot get the votes straight up and down to change the law through the authorizing process, because I have not seen anybody come here to the floor and say they do not want 100,000 cops. I have not seen anybody come to the floor and say they do not want the prison money the way it is allocated. The argument goes on. But it is kind of doing it in a way that obviates that kind of debate, discussion and votes on individual items within the crime bill.  We all know that the Republicans have wanted to change the crime bill, and they have wanted to change it since it was passed, I assume in part because it has a Democratic label on it. I have not heard many other compelling reasons why it is a bad idea. But they say it is in their Contract With America to change the crime bill. I do not know anywhere under the Contract With America the American people said they do not want 100,000 more cops. I do not know of any police under the Contract With America who say they do not want to build any more prisons or who say they want to go back to the old LEAA days where cops could buy Dick Tracy watches, and small municipalities could buy armored personnel carriers, and you could spend money on public defenders instead of on a cop, which you can do now the way the Appropriations Committee has rewritten this legislation.  I do not recall anybody who ran as a Republican on the Contract With America campaigning on those issues. The fact is that Senator Dole and Senator Hatch at least had the good grace to straightforwardly introduce a bill to change the 1994 crime law, and they have every right to try to do that. They introduced such a bill, but they have not chosen to act on it. No one has called up the crime bill.  Where is the crime bill? I have been hearing since the day that Mr. Gingrich became Speaker and the Democrats lost control of the Senate that one of the first items on the agenda was a Republican crime bill. Well, bring it on. Where is it? Where is the Republican crime bill? Let us debate it. But, no, the Republican crime bill is now in the appropriations bill, allowing everyone to go back home and say, no, I did not eliminate the 100,000 cops; I did not eliminate the drug courts; I did not do that; I did not change any of that. All I did was vote for an appropriations bill to give you more flexibility.  Translated, you do not get 100,000 cops. Translated, you do not get what is in the crime bill. Where is the Republican crime bill? Please bring it to the floor. I have been waiting to debate it. I can hardly wait. But it looks like I am going to wait until the next Congress, assuming I am here, which is not an assumption I am relying upon.  This is a blatant attempt to sidestep the usual process in this body and, I think, by stealth to try to get it both ways. This bill is, of course, dead. Dead. Dead. It is not going nowhere, to use the vernacular. It may have the votes to pass here. I hope that allows you all to say that you have fulfilled your contract with yourselves, but you are sure not fulfilling a contract with the American people.  I hope you will feel good about that and then maybe, after you come back, after the President vetoes this, we will go through this again. Let us do it straight up, because I want you to stand up on the floor and say, I do not want 100,000 cops. Say it. We will debate it. Take it to the people.  Notwithstanding that we will be right back here doing this again in a few days, I should like to list and then explain some of the major changes this conference report proposes. First, as I have mentioned, it would eliminate the 100,000 cops program that was established a year ago in the crime law and maintained in the Senate appropriations bill. Because we had this debate, remember. We did this over here through the appropriations process. And as they say in the southern part of my State, ``Y'all lost.''  But never fear; Gingrich is here. So you headed to the other side, and you caved in in conference and now are back here, I assume in part, to be able to go home and say, ``We didn't cut the 100,000 cops program.''  We have already funded more than 25,000 new police officers across the country in this first year alone, and I challenge any of you to go home and hold a press conference and say you did not want those cops to come to your State--25,000. ``Moses'' Heston, better known as Charlton Heston, ran ads, was on an ad for months when we were debating this crime bill saying there was not even enough money in here for 20,000 cops. We already have 5,000 more than ``Moses'' thought would be in the bill, with 75,000 more to come--unless this became law.  There are 25,000 that police departments across the Nation have already put in place, and police departments across the Nation have already applied for more than $0.5 billion in fiscal year 1996 to fund an additional 9,000 new cops, and these pending applications are now threatened by this conference report. In its place is a law enforcement block grant, the old LEAA Program, which is written so broadly that the money could be sent back to the States, could be spent on everything from prosecutors to probation officers, from traffic lights to parking meters, and not a single new cop. The block grant, this block grant that is in the bill now has never been authorized by the Senate.  Let me explain why, when I wrote this bill in the first place, now the crime law, I insisted it go for cops. Because the way it works now is that in order to get a new cop at home the Federal Government will put up roughly $75,000 if the mayor, the county executive, or whomever puts up the rest. But it requires the mayor, the county executive, the Governor to step up to the ball, stop mouthing to their constituents they want more cops; they just cannot do it. But under this legislation, they will get the money and they will not buy the cop because when they buy the cop, they have to make a commitment they are going to keep that cop for 5 years and they are going to straightforwardly tell the voters, their constituents, that is what they are spending the money for. It is going to be a lot easier for them when they do the budget now to say, I can make it look like we are making progress here; we will not hire any new cops. We will pay for those traffic lights we were going to buy out of our city taxes with Federal dollars.  I used to be a county councilman. That is what we did with the old LEAA money. We did not hire any more cops. What we did, we fired cops. We fired cops; we fired firemen; we fired law enforcement people who we were paying for with county funds and we rehired them with the Fed money.  I see some of the staff on both sides are smiling. That is what we did, and that is what will happen again. Because then we would say--I will never forget sitting in a county council meeting. The chairman of our council was a very distinguished man, his name was C.W. Buck. I mean that sincerely. He was a very distinguished Republican. His father had been the Governor of the State of Delaware. I turned to Mr. Buck, saying, ``Mr. Chairman, how much will this cost us?'' He looked at me and said, ``It will not cost anything.'' I said, ``Why?'' He said, ``It is Federal money. We don't have to put up a cent.''  So in New Castle County, DE, and Wilmington, DE, we laid off cops, then hired them back with Federal money. What was the net effect? Not one ounce of additional public safety, guaranteed. Not one new cop. But, boy, it is real appealing when you are the county executive and real appealing when you are the Governor and real appealing when you are the mayor not to have to come up with any money, and then go tell your constituents what you are doing for them.  Now, look, if Governors and mayors--if the reason you Republicans are doing away with this program is in the name of helping localities so they do not have to put up their money to get a cop, great. Under the existing legislation, they did not have to ask for a cent. There is no requirement that says, Athens, GA, must send in a request for more cops. Athens, GA, or Berlin, NH, they say, ``We don't want any more cops and we don't want any more Federal money.'' No problem. Send it to Delaware. We will pay.  So in the name of helping localities, letting them, from a ``block grant''--that is a code word, folks. Block grant means ``we don't have to spend it for cops because cops cost us money. It costs us money.'' Governors and mayors and county executives, they have their budget people coming in saying, ``Look, Gov, look, Mr. County Executive, look, Madam Mayor, if you sign on to this, this means we have to, for the next x number of years, put in our share of what this additional cop is going to cost us.''  It is like what you find in most States. I have never been to a State legislative body--and I have been to a number and had the privilege of speaking to a lot of them--but Democrat or Republican, where they did not have, in the State legislature, debate that goes like this: ``You know, violent crime is an overwhelming problem in the State of x, and we must do more to fight crime. We're going to pass laws that increase the penalty tenfold, and we are going to do this, and so on.''  They do pass all the penalty laws. And then somebody has the temerity to say, ``By the way, we don't have enough prisons to put these people in. We don't have the prisons. There's not the space.'' And then what do those folks do? Do they go to you, the voters, and say, ``Well, you know, we have got to raise your taxes to build more prisons''? Oh, no. They tell you how tough they are, and then they let the folks out of prison.  That is why, by the way, nationwide, if you live in the State of Pennsylvania, you live in the State of California, you live in the State of Texas, when you get sent to jail, you do not go to jail for the time for which you are sent. You get 10 years for robbery? You serve on average 4.6 years. But guess what? In the Federal Government, you get sentenced to 10 years, you go to jail for 10 years. Bingo.  You ever wonder why folks do not want to be tried in a Federal court and they prefer to be tried in a State court, even in tough hang-them States like Texas and States like mine? Because they are not nearly as tough as the Federal Government, because we put our money where our mouth is. We have said, ``You do the crime, you do the time.'' It is called the Sentencing Commission. I authored it with several other people back in the early 1980's. And we do not fool around.  The point I am making is one that is not popular to make, and I should not make, I am sure my political folks are going to tell me, but it is the truth. We let the States off the hook, we let the cities off the hook. They will not hire the cops, and that is what you all are doing. That is what you Republicans are doing here. It is not going to enhance public safety one iota.  I want 100,000 new cops on the street. That is why I wrote the bill. We have roughly 550,000 local police officers. When this crime bill is all over and we spend $30 billion, if you all have your way, we will have 575,000 cops on the street, maybe. I want 650,000 cops on the street. We need more cops.  Again, you do not have to ask for a single cop, Governor; you do not have to ask for a single cop, Madam Mayor; you do not have to ask for a single cop, County Executive. But if you ask, you have to kick in, and we will give you $75,000 per cop on average. Pretty healthy commitment by the Federal Government.  Let me tell you what else this bill would do. This bill would completely eliminate or severely restrict other programs set up in the 1994 crime law, like the Drug Court Program, the Rural Drug Enforcement Grant Program, the Law Enforcement Scholarship Program, the Scams Program for fighting telemarketing fraud against senior citizens, that the Senator from Utah, the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. Hatch, authored and I coauthored. There are tried and tested programs that fight youth violence, for example, by putting boys' and girls' clubs in housing projects. Under the 1994 crime law, these programs were targeted for separate funds in addition to the funds for the 100,000 cops.  But under the conference report of the Appropriations Committee, a mayor would have only the amount of the block grant out of which all efforts would have to be funded. The result would be that proven crime-fighting programs that the Congress voted to support last year would be effectively eliminated.  I hear everybody talk, especially my good friend from Texas, Phil Gramm, talk about being tough on crime. And I hear a lot of my folks out there--a lot of folks on your side of the aisle--talk about a lot of these liberal mayors. Well, guess what the liberal mayors are going to be able to do with your block grant? They are going to be able to put it all in programs if they want. They can go out and put it all in boys' clubs and girls' clubs if they want. They can put it all in prevention if they want, and not one new cop if they want.  Now, all of a sudden, I am amazed how trusting you are. I hear Senator Gramm and others talk about the liberal Conference of Mayors. Well, my Lord, you are a trusting bunch. You really are. You have seen the light. I guess you are for straight prevention now. What do you think the cities are going to do with this money? You and they are going to go out and hire cops? Oh, yeah, right. With their tight budgets? So you folks on the Republican side, I am amazed, have become the lily-livered liberals, what I am called over on this side. You all are the ones now changing the rules. You are changing the rules.  Now that this can be all spent for prevention, who are the tough guys? I hope you are not going to stand up and make any more of those speeches about, ``Lock them up and throw the key away, and don't take my mama's gun away,'' the ones we hear, you know, rolled out every 4 months or so.  Block grant means just that, it is a block grant: ``Here you go, Mr. Mayor, do with it what you wish.''  You all ran ads, your national party ran ads last election of prisoners dancing in tutus. I thought it was really good. It was a great ad. It shows these prisoners dancing in pink tutus saying, ``That's what the Democrats want to do.'' That is not what we did, but that is what you are doing. Can you imagine where this money would go if Jerry Brown were still Governor?  And you talk about getting tough on crime? This is not tough on crime, this is just dumb. This just does not make any sense. If we are going to legislate by fiat like this, then we might as well do away with committee systems, with hearings, with subcommittee markups, with full committee markups, with careful consideration of authorizing legislation. We can simply do all our Senate business by appropriations bills, which is the way we are doing it these days.  I guess I am number--I do not know. I do not know what my number in seniority is. I think I am 16, 17, 15, something like that. In light of the 99 decisions not to run again for office, if I get elected again, I may even be higher.  I made the wrong pick. I came here to legislate. I should have gone on the Appropriations Committee. I made a big tactical mistake here. Had I gone on the Appropriations Committee, I would be the No. 3 or 4 ranking person on that committee. Why have a Judiciary Committee? Why have a Commerce Committee? Why do this? They do not legislate any of this.  I ask a rhetorical question: Why did my friends, Senator Dole and Senator Hatch, not bring their crime bill to the Judiciary Committee to be acted on? Why did we not do that? I respectfully suggest it is because they did not have the votes to win. I respectfully suggest that in order to win, you would have to say, ``By the way, we don't want 100,000 cops added by this crime bill; we don't want more prisons built in this crime bill the way we had; we want to change it.''  Any of you who doubt what I am saying, any of the press who is listening to this, you go ask any chief of police in the United States of America, you go ask any superintendent of the State police in any State in America, you go ask the head of any county or city police organization, and you ask him or her whether or not they think they will fare better with their budgets for their city, State or county with a block grant that allows the legislature and the Governor to use it any way he wishes, or whether they will fare better with the proposal with 100,000 cops. You ask them.  When I wrote this legislation, Mr. President, I wrote it by first calling in the six major police organizations and asking them, ``What do you need most to deal with the crime problem in America? What do you need the most?'' And they told me. So I wrote the bill with them in the room.  They were the ones who said, point blank, ``If you don't require the Governors, the mayors to come up with some of the money for only cops, we won't get any new cops, because we're an expensive item. When we sit down in the budget process in our town or our city, we have to say to the mayor, `Mr. Mayor, if you hire this police officer, you are taking on a salary of X amount and benefits of Y amount and you are making a long-term commitment, and that is going to impinge on your budget not this year but every year that that cop is around.' But when you don't do it this way, Joe, what you do is you allow them to say they are fighting crime by putting lighting in parks. That is a one-shot operation and a utility bill. Putting up traffic lights, that is a one-shot operation. Hiring a probation officer,'' which I am all for hiring, which costs less money and allows the city or county or the State to reduce the rest of their State budget to do what they are already doing. This is not revenue sharing, this is about cops.   Now, all that hyperbole about--I even heard one of our colleagues saying when we passed the Biden crime bill, it is now the crime law, I heard my colleague say, ``All this means is we are just going to hire 100,000 new social workers.'' I do not think there is anything wrong with new social workers. We could stand 100,000 new social workers in America. But this is about cops.  Under the crime law, you cannot use the money for that purpose. But my crime-fighting Republican friends and the staff who helped them write this--I do not know if the staff realizes what a favor they have done for their principals. They have now allowed them to hire 100,000 social workers. We should rename the bill: ``The social worker bill.'' You can hire instead of 100,000 cops--there is not enough money left, you can only hire 75,000 new social workers. You cannot do that under my bill, under the crime law, and this is masquerading as fighting crime.  I would like to briefly point out that another Republican plan in this conference report is to drastically cut Federal law enforcement as well. The conference report does the following: It cuts the FBI by $112 million below the President's request, so new FBI agents will not be hired; it cuts the Drug Enforcement Agency, the DEA, $5 million below what the President has requested for drug enforcement officers in this Nation; it cuts interagency drug enforcement by $15 million below 1995 and $19 million below what the President has requested; and it cuts Federal prosecutors by $13 million below the President's request. So much for your credentials of tough on crime.  I do not know why you are doing this. Maybe it is because you want to give tax cuts to people making 250,000 bucks. But for my money, I want a prosecutor. I want a new DEA agent. I want more FBI agents. You cut all of them, every one of those areas you cut below the President's request.  But as the saying goes, talk is cheap. Talk without commitment of dollars is meaningless. Republicans in the conference have failed to fund the President's request for Federal law enforcement despite all the talk about being for law enforcement.  (