 President, I rise to speak to the motion-- I will withhold sending it to the desk at the moment--that I intended to offer.  Mr. President, I rise today to express my deep concern and, quite frankly, disappointment that this conference report comes back to us without an important Senate provision that enjoyed very strong, bipartisan support in the Senate.  On June 21, by a vote of 64 to 36, the Senate voted to give our State Governors the option to use some of their Federal highway funds on intercity rail, that is for Amtrak. It was a proposal that Senator Roth and I introduced, along with Senators Boxer, Chafee, Cohen, Jeffords, Kerry, Lautenberg, Leahy, Moynihan, Murray, Specter, Pell, Snowe, and D'Amato.  I point out to my colleagues that these are States with varying degrees of Amtrak service. As a matter of fact, the Governors of those States which have a limited amount of Amtrak service, have the greatest concern about being given this additional flexibility. The bottom line here is Amtrak has, as the distinguished chairman of the committee knows, out of necessity made some significant cuts in its operations over the last couple of years, in a sense downsized the number of trains it runs as well as the number of personnel that it has. The result of that has not affected, much, the Northeast corridor, where people have significant access to rail. But it has affected States like Montana, it has affected States like Vermont, it has affected States like Mississippi, because they have lost trains because we could not justify their cost based on these new, incredible restrictions placed upon Amtrak.  I might note, by the way, although the reigning expert is on the floor--the Senator from Rhode Island--that I do not know of any national rail system in the world, as a passenger rail system, that runs on operating costs, on the money that it takes in. Everybody comes over and my conservative and liberal colleagues--there are not many liberals left--but my conservative colleagues come back from Japan and Germany or Europe and they say, ``Boy, we rode on these trains and they were something else. Why do we not have trains like that?''  They subsidize them, like we do the airlines. They subsidize them, like we do the highways. None of them make it based on the fare everyone pays. There would not be any airlines running, we could not afford any ticket, if the fare we paid did not cover the air traffic controllers, covered the runways, covered the towers, covered the places we land. They are subsidized. But, somehow--I am not speaking to anybody on the floor here in particular, because I know the Senator from Rhode Island is a champion of rail as well as highways--somehow, we look at the Amtrak ticket and say, ``Boy, they are really subsidized,'' because we have a direct appropriation and everybody can see it.  At any rate, what happened was in a number of States, like the State of Montana, officials said, ``Look, there are one or two trains that run across Montana, that go across the Northwest to the State of the Presiding Officer, and we cannot justify, based on passenger load, keeping that train going.'' Or the Vermonter, that goes up into Vermont, or the Crescent, that goes down to New Orleans and goes through Mississippi. It is kind of hard when you say you have to go out and cut--they are the ones which are cut.  So all of a sudden Republican and Democratic Governors, like the Republican Governor from Pennsylvania, Governor Ridge, a former Congressman, said, ``Wait a minute, we need these trains going across. Not the ones going to Harrisburg and Pittsburgh and so on and so forth,'' the Governors of these other, various States agreed. So what we did was we came along with nothing particularly radical here. The amendment I am talking about, the flexibility amendment, was not designed to fix every problem that Amtrak has. It was not designed to make Amtrak solvent. It was not designed to solve any intercity rail problem that is going to exist because there are larger problems and there are larger costs. But, by providing the States some flexibility in allocating their Federal transportation funds, although not intended to be a final solution to Amtrak's problems, it was a partial solution to the problems the States had, the Governors had. So, increasing the State flexibility was an important goal.  By the way, under the leadership of Senator Chafee and Senator Moynihan and the votes of the vast majority of Members here, we made a significant departure, a necessary but significant departure a couple of years ago when we passed the new highway bill, the so-called ISTEA.   What that said was basically this. If, in a State, you decide to abate the air quality problems you have, or to deal with congestion, or to deal with rural transportation problems, out of your Highway Trust Fund moneys that you get you can go out and you can, instead of building a new lane of a highway, you can subsidize a bus or you can subsidize a bus route from Dover, DE, to Dagsboro, DE, instead building a new highway. It is cheaper and makes more sense.  The leaders on this have been Senators Chafee and Moynihan. They said it does not make any sense to insist that States have to pour more concrete. They can say, ``OK, we want to put a bike path in. We can spend money for that, or for buses, if it is going to improve the air quality, instead of more lanes for cars.''  It gave flexibility to the States. It was only a portion of the highway money they received. So all this amendment did, and I think the reason why it enjoyed such wide support, was to just logically extend that flexibility. The goal of the Senate amendment, which was dropped in conference, was not to shift the burden of passenger rail services in the States. It was to allow the States to have another alternative to deal with their problems.  For some, this means a small portion of their highway money--I say that because to use the vernacular the cement and asphalt guys out there said, ``Oh, my. They are going to be able to spend money on something other than laying concrete or laying down asphalt.'' They can still lay billions of dollars worth of concrete and asphalt across this Nation under the flexibility amendment.  This is not a backdoor to do away with the highways. This is a provision to give flexibility to the States. And it does not require an additional penny. It just says the States can use some of it. Instead of building a bicycle path, they can say in Vermont, we want to keep that train that comes up into Vermont from the Northeast corridor, and brings us millions of dollars worth of skiers every year, improves our economy, and has a significant impact on health of our State. We want to use some of our highway money to pay Amtrak to say, ``Look, put that train back on. We will pay for it. The rails are already there. We will pay for it.''  Because they understand this, the Governors of our States are actively seeking to keep Amtrak running. The Republican Governors from Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania, and the Democratic Governors, also, feel very strongly about this.  The Senate language dropped in conference would have provided those Governors the means, if they chose, to support Amtrak routes important to their States. Specifically, it would have made Amtrak an eligible use for funds from two areas--the so-called STP fund, Surface Transportation Program, which is known as STP around here; funds to be used for most kinds of roads and highways, as well as capital costs for bus terminals, car pool projects, bicycle and pedestrian facilities, hike and bike trails. Right now, under the Surface Transportation Program, you can expend money, if you are Governor, from your highway trust fund to build a bus terminal. You can spend your money from the highway trust fund to build a bike or hike trail, a bicycle path, or a pedestrian path. You can do all of that. You can even spend the money for promoting car pooling, all of which makes sense.  But the one thing you cannot do is you cannot say--even though you have a railroad track running through your State where you want it to go--Amtrak, if you can put an extra train on there, we will pay you for that. Why? It makes no sense.  So the Senate language added intercity rail--translated, Amtrak--to that list of things that Governors can do consistent with the aims of the program to support and fully fund an integrated transportation system. Integrated means highways. It means buses. It means subways. It means Amtrak, if this were to prevail. It gives them flexibility.  The second thing the Governors could do, in addition to going to the so-called STP fund--is go to the congestion mitigation and air quality fund, or, the so-called CMAQ fund. CMAQ is an innovative program designed by Senators Moynihan and Chafee which supposed to help urban areas come into compliance with the Clean Air Act.  Mr. President, we all know in most of our States where we are told that, if the air quality is not particularly good, the Governor is told to take the necessary steps in order to meet the Clean Air Act standards. This gives the Governor an opportunity when managing a growing State, a growing community and a growing urban area, to say, OK, one of the ways I can deal with increased congestion is, instead of putting more cars on the highway, to increase intercity rail.  Let us imagine what would happen if we shut down Amtrak in the Northeast corridor? Those of you, the tourists here today, traveling I-95 from here up to Boston through the States of Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Rhode Island, can you imagine? How many more lanes can we add on to I-95 in order to just transport people up and down? How many more airplanes can we add? We are having problems with airports. There is so much traffic on the east coast they are talking about the State of Delaware and the Wilmington airport becoming an overflow facility for the Philadelphia airport.  