 President, one of the measures in last year's crime law that I am most proud of is the provision mandating restitution for victims of sexual abuse and child abuse. This was part of the larger piece of legislation closest to my heart: The Violence Against Women Act.  The mandatory restitution provisions in that act sent out a strong and unequivocal message: we stand with the victims of family violence and sexual assault, and we will not stand for them being ignored by our criminal justice system any longer.  Today, we are considering similar provisions to provide mandatory restitution for all crime victims.  As we fight to make our neighborhoods safe and our communities secure, we must not forget the often faceless and voiceless statistics of crime--its victims.  Millions of Americans each year must bear the unbearable--in 1993 alone, over 35 million people were victimized by crime in this country.  For many victims, the crime only marks the beginning of the ordeal--there is the investigation, maybe a plea bargain, a trial that often puts the victim's truth and character on the stand, busy prosecutors, aggressive defense lawyers, harried court officers.  And in the end, even if the defendant is convicted, the victim's losses--emotional, physical, and financial losses--often go completely uncompensated.  It hasn't always been this way. During the colonial period, victims played a central role in our criminal justice system.  They apprehended their own wrongdoers--either by making the arrests themselves or by hiring the local sheriff--and they hired their own lawyers to prosecute their cases.  In those days, victims were allowed to collect damages from criminals, bind them into servitude, or pay the State to incarcerate those who had wronged them.  In the 19th century, our concept of criminal offenses began to change. Primarily to ensure that all citizens were protected--not just the rich who could afford to hire the marshal--the State became the surrogate for the victim, and undertook the prosecution of the crime.  What was once seen as a private dispute--the violation of one person by another--came to be seen as a crime against the State. Restitution gave way to incarceration as the chief form of punishment--and fines were exacted by the State and paid to the State.  But this evolution in our thinking about crime gradually led to a de-evolution in our concern for victims. Compassion and humanity dictate that we now try to restore to victims the rights, the respect, and the protection that they deserve.  In this spirit, Congress enacted the Victim and Witness Protection Act, which, among other provisions, gave courts the discretion to provide restitution to victims. I was also proud to coauthor the Victims of Crime Act in 1984, which established a crime victims fund financed by fines levied against convicted Federal criminals.  The Crime Victims Fund pays compensation to specific victims when the criminal can't pay--and it also underwrites general victims assistance programs, like courtroom victim advocates, and victims' counselors.  Still, however, there is much to be done. And this bill--which makes restitution mandatory in Federal criminal cases--does something very important.  It says to victims: You are not alone. We will demand accountability from your wrongdoers, and we understand that criminals owe a debt not only to society but to you.  This bill also sends an important message to criminals--you must take  responsibility for our actions, and you will pay for the pain you have caused.  Our Constitution is not a zero sum game. We do not diminish the rights of defendants by recognizing and defending the rights of victims.  I defend the rights of criminal defendants because I am deeply concerned about the rights of all Americans. And for that same reason, I defend the rights of victims--there is no contradiction, in my mind, between the two.  In our efforts to crack down on crime, we must never forget its victims. And we must do all in our power to help, in what little way we can, to ease their suffering.  I am proud to cosponsor this bill with Senator Hatch and I urge all my colleagues to support it.  