 President, there is a stretch of coastal plain in northeastern Alaska which has been called North America's Serengeti. Nestled between the towering 10-thousand foot peaks of the Brooks Range and the frigid Arctic Ocean on the North Slope of Alaska, lies the Arctic Coastal Plain, the 1\1/2\-million-acre crown jewel of the 19-million-acre Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. According to the Fish and Wildlife Service, the coastal plain area is the biological heart and the center of wildlife activity in the refuge. This pristine and complex Arctic ecosystem is habitat for a complete spectrum of wildlife, including polar and grizzly bears, wolves and snow geese. A 160,000-member porcupine caribou herd has used the coastal plain as a calving area for centuries. In all, more than 200 animal species call the refuge home.  Tragically, the bill before us today threatens to permanently mar Alaska's Coastal Plain by permitting destructive oil and natural gas exploration. Under a broad pretext of jobs, economic development, and international security, some want to enable gigantic energy interests to irreparably harm the sanctity of this area. What will be taken can never be replaced, and we ought not allow exploration to occur.  The State of Alaska has been blessed with abundant natural resources, and on the whole we, as a nation, are stronger for much of the enormous development which has occurred there.  Depending on who you ask naturally, the prospects for a substantial oil find on the coastal plain vary. Nineteen percent, Forty percent, the estimates, by definition, are inexact. Proponents of development believe that under the tundra lies the next Prudhoe Bay discovery, the next North Sea field. Fueled by projections of a skyrocketing demand for oil by the developing world, energy interests are waiting with bated breath.  Yet, of the more than 1,100 miles of northern Alaska's coastline, the coastal plain is the only 125 miles closed to development. Isn't this a small, justifiable sacrifice. Isn't there a point where we draw the line and protect a unique area because there is value beyond the price per barrel.  Let us assume for the moment that perhaps there is some merit in development, and let us further use Prudhoe Bay as a case study of likely consequences. Though for the most part drilling in the bay is reasonably managed, oil spills still average 500 annually--that is nearly 10 spills per week. This activity seems to also be having an impact on the surrounding wildlife. An article in the October 21 edition of the Anchorage Daily News noted that a new State caribou survey has found a sharp decline in the central Arctic caribou herd indigenous to the area. The cause is unknown, however, recent research by the University of Alaska has found that caribou living near the oil fields have far fewer calves than those away from the facilities.  If this is in fact the case, the adverse effects of oil activity would be magnified in the coastal plain. What will exploration bring? Hundreds of miles of roads and pipelines leading to dozens of oil fields, blocking wildlife migration. Toxic wastes leaking into the soil. Rivers and streambeds robbed of millions of tons of their gravel to construct roads and runways.  According to Interior Department estimates, oil exploration would likely result in a decrease or change in distribution of 20 to 40 percent in the caribou population, 50 percent in the numbers of snow geese, and 25 to 50 percent in the muskox populations.  And after the oil has dried up, after the companies have gone, what will be left? The footprint of industrial development: abandoned drilling equipment scarring the landscape; toxic contamination; lost wildlife; a horizon permanently altered.  I have heard proponents argue that opening the coastal plan is a critical step toward decreasing our growing dependence on foreign oil. Yet, many of these same proponents are now moving a bill through the Congress to start exporting the oil presently extracted from Alaska's North Slope.  Mysteriously, this concern about our dependence on foreign oil also seems to evaporate when it comes to investment in research and development of alternative fuels, such as solar and wind energy.  Protection of our wilderness should not be a Democratic issue, or a Republican issue. In fact, the entire National Wildlife Refugee System, or which the Arctic Refuge is a part, was begun in 1903 by one of the greatest conservationists in our history, President Teddy Roosevelt, a Republican. The coastal plain was part of the original wildlife refuge established by President Eisenhower in 1960. Regrettably, red ink bleeding from Alaska's budget and the power of a few special interests have polarized this debate.  Every American has a stake in our National Wilderness Areas, in the preservation of the environment in which we all live, Every acre offering the possibility of oil ought not be drilled, every mountain offering the possibility of gold ought not be mined, every mile of wilderness ought not be stripped bare just because its value can be quantified, just because revenue can be raised.  Due to the fragile and complex interconnection of ecosystems, our future is inextricably linked to nature's vitality. If the scale is tipped too far by overdevelopment and we lose our balance, no amount of money will enable us to restore what we have lost.  We must remember that we are but visitors in this land, existing by the good grace of Mother Nature--a lasting, sustainable society for all future generations depends upon it.  