 President, I rise today in support of the amendment by the distinguished Senator from New York. This amendment preserves trade adjustment assistance--job training and job placement help for workers who have lost their jobs as a direct consequence of U.S. trade policies.  We here in Congress pass the laws that put out Nation's trade policies into effect--the policies that are negotiated by Presidents with our trading partners. We have the responsibility to assure that those trade policies benefit all Americans.  Now, Mr. President, at times I have supported expanded trade as one of the ways to promote our Nation's economic interests. I am convinced that we must open the markets for American products and services around the world. Those new markets are our best hope for a growing economy with growing incomes and expanded job opportunities.  I believe that without expanding world markets we will end up fighting over a stagnant or shrinking economy. But at the same time, there is no automatic guarantee that growth will benefit all Americans--in fact, economists will tell us that there will be losses as well as gains as jobs shift from low-growth to high-growth industries.  That is why we must have the ability to help those who will pay part of the price for progress--those whose job loss can be traced to changes in our trade policies. That is why we must preserve the trade adjustment assistance training programs.  These are men and women who have played by the rules--who have worked by the rules, Mr. President--and who, through no fault of their own, find their work is no longer needed. They have raised their families, built our neighborhoods and cities--they have done all a country can ask of them, and more.  But today, these men and women can find that their job security is dependent on trade policy made here in Washington. Our decisions to participate in trade agreements can expose their industries to increased international competition. How can we turn our backs on their plight?  Trade adjustment assistance not only helps these people deal with the transitions that are increasingly part of our rapidly changing international economy. This assistance makes good economic sense because it lowers the costs of economic adjustments--costs in wasted hours of unemployment and underemployment, in depressed communities, towns, and regions. By helping to move workers displaced by trade into new jobs faster, into jobs that best fit their skills and work experience, we reduce the costs of economic adjustment and increase the benefits for everyone.  I urge my colleagues to join with me in supporting this amendment. It is the fair thing for us to do, it is the responsible thing for us to do, and it makes good economic sense.  