 President, Senator Daschle has put before us a common sense addition to the balanced budget amendment, that requires us to tell the people of the States--the people who will decide on ratification of the balanced budget amendment--what the effects of their decision will be.  Should we and the people who will be asked to ratify this permanent change to our Constitution not be given the facts we need to understand its effects?  It seems to me that to oppose full disclosure is to say that we want this decision--that is a fundamental change in our Nation's charter--to be made in the dark, in ignorance.  Two years ago, we voted for a budget plan that laid out a course of action that identified the specific changes that would be needed to cut half a billion dollars from our deficits over 5 years.  That plan was clear and detailed; it was of course subject to both honest disagreement, and, unfortunately, some partisan distortion. But it has cut the deficit for 3 years running, for the first time since the Truman administration.  We told the American people what we were going to do, and we did it. We cut over $500 billion from our deficits over 5 years.  And a strong economy that followed passage of that plan has brought our deficits even lower.  Like all of us here, I hope that the most recent action of the Federal Reserve Board will not be the one-two punch that wipes out the benefits of that plan--a blow that both flattens the economy and increases our deficits with higher interest rates.  Our plans here in Congress, like the plans of private citizens and businesses across the country, now hang on the hope that the Federal Reserve has not gone too far.  But that is a topic for another day.  Some of my friends here who voted against cutting the deficit back then, and some of my newer friends, who do not like the way we did it, now act surprised to see that deficits will rise again in the future, even though no one--certainly not the administration--ever claimed they would not.  We all knew that fundamental health care reform and other actions would be necessary to turn the deficit trend down permanently, and not just over the life of the 1993 budget plan.  But the fact is that we passed that budget plan with the narrowest possible margin in each House of Congress.  As for those who now complain, their own plan was less specific than ours and still could not promise as much deficit reduction as we have actually accomplished.  So let us not be distracted from our duty of being honest about the future by arguments about the past.  With the release of President Clinton's budget plan, we hear again from those who voted against deficit reduction in 1993 that they could do better.  Well, Mr. President, I believe them. That is why I challenge them to tell us how they would do better, as specifically as the plan they are attacking.  If an amendment to the Constitution is needed to keep building on the accomplishments of the last few years, to force us to confront the continuing deficits that are predicted through the end of this decade, then it only makes sense for us to prepare a document that sets forth the choices that will be necessary to bring the budget into balance.  Right now, we are confronted with an interesting situation. A new majority in Congress, that promised a new legislative agenda, now tells us that they cannot commit themselves to bring the budget into balance until after the Constitution is changed to force them to do it.  It is certainly within the competence of our budget committee and Congressional Budget Office to provide us with the specifics of a budget path that will bring us to balance by the year 2002.  Of course projections are only our best scientific estimates of future economic activity. But virtually all of my friends who support the balanced budget amendment have made good use of projections of future deficits under current law.  Those estimates are the best view we have of the future, even if we cannot be certain that all of our assumptions will hold true.  So let us drop that argument right now--we all accept that it is possible to make useful estimates about our economic and budget future.  It is because we accept such projections that we are here today, contemplating an amendment to our Constitution.  [[Page S2305]] The particular problem this year is that this amendment is part of an economic plan--as announced in the so-called contract--that, taken all together, raises serious problems.  If we cut taxes, increase defense spending, and promise not to push any new costs off onto the Governors and mayors, the road to the balanced budget looks rocky indeed.  It may be, Mr. President, that you cannot get to a balanced budget from here, if the contract is your road map.  There is powerful evidence--the one-vote margins in both Houses for the 1993 budget package--that votes for deficit reduction are difficult to find.  How much more difficult will it be if we reduce our revenues, and keep major segments of the budget safe from the requirements of the balanced budget amendment?  Well, we know that it will be difficult, but we cannot know just how difficult until we see some numbers about where the axe is going to fall.  Mr. President, I would like to echo the astute observation of a new member of the judiciary, the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Feingold].  During the debate in the Judiciary Committee on a similar proposal, Senator Feingfold responded to the suggestion that this was a transparent ploy to kill the balanced budget amendment.  I want us all to reflect on that charge for a moment--that an attempt to find out just how a permanent addition to our Constitution will work is nothing but a ploy by those who oppose it.  Mr. President, when I took on the task as floor manager for this important proposal, I did so because I am genuinely torn between my concern for our fiscal future and my concerns about the effects of this balanced budget amendment on our Constitution and on our economy.  I did not anticipate that honest questions about the effects of a permanent change in our fundamental charter would be dismissed as insincere or disingenuous.  But I ask my colleagues to consider Senator Feingold's response to that charge. He said that the American people would be more likely to ratify this amendment if they knew for sure what was in it, than if they had to buy it sight unseen.  Those of us who have faith in the people who will make the final decision on this amendment believe--whether we support or oppose it ourselves--that it is our constitutional duty to establish a record of debate and evidence before we send this amendment to the people.  Not often enough, I am afraid, does this chamber live up to its claim to be the world's greatest deliberative body. Certainly, we should aspire to fulfill that role as we debate a change in our Constitution.  And certainly, the American people deserve to know what the new majority party has in mind when they say that they can comply with the terms of the balanced budget amendment.  If we truly believe that amending the Constitution is the right thing to do, then let us give the American people the facts they need to make that choice themselves.  Certainly, that is not too much to ask.  In addition to the very real benefits of being honest with the American people, and restoring some of their faith in our ability to solve problems, there is another substantial benefit of accepting Senator Daschle's amendment.  If we accept this amendment, we will have the assurance that we have in place a plan to get us from where we are today to a balanced budget by the year 2002.  By itself, that is no small accomplishment.  I cannot believe where we now find ourselves in this debate--where the call for a specific set of goals that provide a path to a balanced budget is denounced as a delaying tactic, a distraction.  And where those who call for an amendment to the Constitution that will go into effect in the next century say that a promise to take action in the future is more serious than a call for action now.  That does not make sense to me.  If we accept this amendment, we will still have to send the amendment to the States. Let us assume for a moment that the American people lose their enthusiasm for the balanced budget amendment. What happens if we put all our eggs in that one basket?  Will we wait for the year or more that ratification is likely to take before we decide what to do next?  Or would we be more prudent, more serious, more committed to real deficit reduction if we were to also pass a binding budget resolution that sets a course for a balanced budget regardless of the outcome of the ratification process?  I believe that the answer to that question is clear. The more serious approach is to pass the actual law that compliance with the balanced budget amendment would require, not simply to pass an amendment with the promise that at some future date we will get down to the real work of balancing the budget.  And there is a further substantial advantage to what Senator Daschle's amendment offers--a commitment to start now on the very difficult journey ahead of us.  Without a plan that starts now to build on the real progress of the past 3 years--without such a plan in place from the beginning, we will have established a collision course between our Constitution and our economy.  In a game of chicken, we will approach the year the balanced budget amendment comes into effect, without the capacity to comply with its mandate.  If we wait until the last minute, when huge budget cuts will be required--over $300 billion for the deficit in 2002--we will swerve, and avoid the economic crash that deficit reduction on that scale would cause.  At that point, the balanced budget amendment will not keep us from extending the year of reckoning yet further into the future. As we all know, it will not make deficit spending--at any level--unconstitutional.  Lest we forget, Mr. President, the balanced budget amendment makes deficits difficult, not illegal.  And if we make use of the established procedure in the amendment to permit continued deficits--probably rightly, if the cost would be a disastrous recession--we will only add to the frustration and anger of the American people.  The balanced budget amendment will be not just another empty promise from Washington, but the most cynical one of all--one that we were willing to put into the Constitution, but not into action.  And so Mr. President, to avoid making a mockery of our constitutional duties, to avoid a collision between the Constitution and the economy, to provide the American people the facts they need to make an informed decision, we should adopt this right-to-know amendment.  