 I thank the Senator from Michigan.  I wish to thank the Senator from Nebraska, who, I might add, as a member of this committee, has fought against what seems to be the most perverse development in our military budget and planning in the last 4 years. The idea that now of all times in our history we need to overturn what was a centerpiece of two successive Republican Presidents seems to me to be a little bit bizarre. But, Mr. President, to state the obvious, I rise in support of the amendment of the senior Senator from Michigan, Senator Levin.  Mr. President, the so-called National Missile Defense Act of 1995 is a hodgepodge of contradictory provisions that, if implemented, would jeopardize our national security beyond anything that I have witnessed since I have been in the U.S. Senate. The bill before us represents a frontal assault on the ABM Treaty. I heard yesterday some sort of, how can I phrase it, interesting questions posed by some of our Republican friends--asking Senators, ``Are you for missile defense? Are you for mutual assured destruction?'' I would point out that the reason why we are where we are and we are dismantling missiles and we are diminishing the prospect of nuclear confrontation by super or former superpowers is because the policy of mutual assured destruction has worked pretty darn well. But I will get back to that in a minute.  This bill represents a flat, frontal assault on the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty. First, it would force us to violate the ABM Treaty by mandating dangerous unilateral infractions of that treaty. Then, it would jettison the entire treaty by requiring the development of a national missile defense system by the year 2003. In a final strange and, I think, unexplainable twist, it goes on to call for a select committee to review a treaty that is effectively being declared null and void by the very same bill.  Now, either the folks who wrote this into the bill do not understand what our nuclear strategy has been thus far--and I know they do--or this is incredibly poor draftsmanship or there is a perverse game being played here.  The first two parts of what is before us--not the amendment, but absent the amendment--by definition, destroy the ABM Treaty. Then the third part is to set up a select committee to review the treaty that we are legislatively destroying.  Now, I assume that may be because there is not enough work or enough committee assignments for Senators. They want to have other committees because maybe they get additional staff. I do not know. But, I mean, why in the devil do you need the third part if you are doing away with the first two parts? But at any rate, taken together, these provisions would simply eviscerate the ABM Treaty, which has provided the basis for our strategic arms reductions over the past 20 years.  The most likely immediate consequence of gutting the ABM Treaty would be that the Russian Duma, their Congress, would refuse to approve the START II Treaty, which is, quite frankly, a jewel in the crown of President Bush's, and prior to that President Reagan's, foreign policy initiatives. With START II unratified, the hopes for further strategic arms reduction would be dashed--which, I might add, I think is the real purpose of this initiative by the majority. They did not like START II to begin with. They did not like START I. They do not like the idea of our having to talk about further reductions in the amount of nuclear warheads that exist in the world.  But make no mistake about it that if we pass this, why if you were sitting in the Russian Duma, why if you were a Russian or anyone else for that matter, would you conclude that it is a good idea to follow through with the destruction of your existing nuclear arsenal? Why would you do that? I think I understand. I think that is the underlying purpose of the legislation before us.  This singular achievement of the Bush administration, the START II Treaty, is the basis upon which we moved to even further reductions--and, along with it, the significant enhancement of the security of Americans that we all hoped would be the byproduct of winning the cold war. Now, I do not know what you all are going to tell your kids. I do not know what you are going to tell your family and friends after you tell them how we won the cold war, but there is a greater need for nuclear weapons.  Now they say, well, this is not about nuclear weapons; this is about the ability to prevent our being attacked by nuclear weapons. I will not go into all the science which Senator Nunn and others have talked about here, but the one thing for certain about how you deal with an ABM system is you overwhelm it. You build more offensive systems. It is a lot easier and a lot cheaper to build offensive systems than it is to build defensive systems. As an old bumper sticker from my generation used to say, ``One nuclear bomb that gets through could ruin your day.'' One hydrogen bomb dropping on Manhattan can ruin your day. So all you have to do, without even having the technology, is overwhelm the system. And it is cheaper to do that.  Now, I know what my friends are thinking. They say, ``Boy, we have got the Russians in a great spot. They are broke. Let's take advantage here. They are not going to be able to do this.''  Well, at a minimum, folks, I do not know why they are going to go ahead and destroy what they have, if, in fact, we are going to adopt this policy. The most likely immediate consequence of cutting the ABM Treaty, as I said, will be the elimination of the START regime.  Mr. President, what troubles me most about the provisions on the ABM Treaty is their reckless unilateralism. Article VI-A of the ABM Treaty contains two provisions that have been in place for years. First, it bans both parties from giving ABM systems the capacity to counter strategic ballistic missiles; and, second, it bans testing of such systems in an ABM mode.  The bill before us would effectively collapse these two provisions into one by asserting than an ABM system is actually not an ABM system, unless it has been field tested as a system. In other words, it must have a demonstrated capacity--a demonstrated capacity--of being an ABM system.  Now, there is a reason why when we did the ABM Treaty we insisted that you violate the treaty first, if you demonstrate a capacity to set up a system, or second, if such a system could be deployed in such a capacity even if it has not been tested.  Now, it might be useful at this juncture to cite the case of Krasnoyarsk radar, which we debated for months and months on the floor of the Senate not too many years ago. Some of the same people here were on the floor then pointing out how the Russians were violating the ABM Treaty and we could not do business with them and could not trust them. Now some of the same people are here saying we should do what we told the Russians they could not do.  A gentleman who is gone, a very bright fellow whom we all respected, from Wyoming, Senator Wallop, was on the floor day in and day out warning us about the Krasnoyarsk radar. The Soviet Union built this giant radar in Siberia in the 1980's. Although the radar was never turned on, that is, its capacities were never demonstrated as would be required now, we argued that it had the inherent capability of an ABM system and constituted a violation of the ABM Treaty. The Soviets asserted that since the system had never been tested, it was permitted under the ABM Treaty.  Eventually, through the good offices of my conservative friends and some of us who joined them, the Russians tore down the radar. If, in fact, the Armed Services Committee provisions that are contained in the bill prevail, absent being amended by the Senator from Michigan, they would be able to keep the radar.  It would not be a violation of the ABM Treaty. I wonder how many of my friends over there would be saying, ``You know, no problem, we understand. We think there should only be one test.''  I wonder what my friend Senator Thurmond would be saying then. I wonder what my friends over on the right would be saying. They would be apoplectic, because although it had not been turned on and demonstrated, it clearly had the inherent capability and, therefore, was in violation of the ABM Treaty.  I would like to point out to my colleagues that there is no legal basis for a unilateral amendment to the ABM Treaty. It seems like I have been fighting this, along with Senator Nunn, Senator Levin, and others, for the last decade. The Reagan administration tried a frontal attack on this in the early eighties saying, ``We are going to reinterpret the ABM Treaty.'' If you do not like what it says, reinterpret it. Well, we won that fight, and little did I think we would be back here having this fight.  It would be better to come out here and just declare the treaty null and void and have a Senate vote saying it contravenes our national interest to be part of the ABM Treaty any longer. At least we would be honest with the people here. At least we would be telling the truth. But this is a charade.  I point out to my colleagues, again, that there is no legal basis for the unilateral amendment of the ABM Treaty, or any other treaty, for that matter. The Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties serves as a source of customary international law and provides guidance in this matter. According to its provision, a treaty is to be interpreted in accordance with the ordinary meaning of its terms.  The two prongs of section 6(A) of the ABM Treaty are clear: One is aimed at constraining demonstrated capabilities, and the other is aimed at constraining inherent capabilities. In other words, this provision was intended to prevent testing against strategic missiles and development of systems that have the ability to counter such missiles.  To say that only the testing, or demonstrated capacity, standard is relevant would represent a clear departure from the obligation set forth in the treaty.   A second area in which the provisions of this bill would mandate unilateral action with regard to the ABM Treaty is defining the demarcation line between strategic and theater missiles. The bill before us would arbitrarily set that mark at a peak reentry velocity of 5 kilometers per second and an effective range of 3,500 kilometers. The so-called 5/3,500 threshold may, in fact, be a legitimate demarcation line.  Guess what? The treaty says you negotiate those things. You negotiate them. That is what the existing treaty demands.  Mr. President, these amendments to the ABM Treaty affirm that we will define unilaterally the line between a strategic missile system and a theater missile; and we will declare unilaterally our ballistic missile defenses are in compliance with the ABM Treaty. Forget the fact that the very issues are now being negotiated with the Russians. We are going to do what we want.  As my young 14-year-old daughter's friends often say, ``Why don't we get real here?'' Let us just declare the treaty null and void and stop this. At least that would have the integrity of allowing others to trust making a treaty with us again. At least it is straightforward, and almost every treaty including the ABM Treaty says if this is not in our national interest, the President can declare it so and we are out.  So let us not wreck the ABM Treaty. Do not wreck this President's or future Presidents' ability to negotiate treaties of consequence with people when we can come along and just redefine them midstream, when we either think the other party is extremely vulnerable or we want to do something that the treaty does not suggest.  I want to ask the rhetorical question: If we did not need an antiballistic missile system when the Soviet Union had over 12,000 nuclear warheads all aimed at the United States or things of vital interest to us, why in the devil do we need it so badly now?  As Senator Nunn explained, such a system is not the thing that is going to prevent a Qadhafi or some Third World screwball from detonating a nuclear weapon in the United States. They will bring it in by ship, smuggle it in, reassemble it in the basement of the World Trade Tower, and blow us up. They are not going to wait until they have an intercontinental ballistic capability to do it.  This is nuts, with all due respect. If there is any lingering doubt about whether the provisions I have referenced are meant to scuttle the ABM Treaty, I hope we disabuse ourselves of that.  The ABM Treaty is based on a very simple, yet powerful premise that has been tested and proven to be valid--and that is that the development of defenses against strategic ballistic missiles is inherently destabilizing. Were the Russians to develop a shield against strategic ballistic missiles, what would be our reaction? We would do the same thing they are likely to do if this provision becomes law--that is, maintain the means to overwhelm those defenses.  Or would we say, ``You know, it's good for everybody, that they are now impervious to attack as long as we keep our missiles at the same number. We do not have that capability, but we are going to trust them; we have no problem.'' We know we would rush to do that.  Or would we sit here and say, ``My Lord, the only thing we know for sure we can do, and do it more cheaply, is build more intercontinental ballistic missiles and theater ballistic missiles, for that matter, so that no matter how many of these brilliant pebbles or whatever else is in the sky, we can just send enough in so that a few will get through.''  But we are going to expect the Russians to say, ``Don't worry, we know those good old Americans would never, ever do anything like this to us; therefore, we don't have to worry. We'll continue to dismantle our missiles, and we won't attempt to do the same thing and all will be well.''  One of the first assignments I was sent on abroad was in 1978 on the so-called SALT Treaty. I was asked to take a group of new Members of the Senate to meet with Mr. Brezhnev, then the leader of the Soviet Union. We sat down and negotiated what were referred to as conditions, Senate understandings that we had attached to the SALT Treaty.  In the middle of the conversation, as I was pointing out how we would never do anything bad, Brezhnev looked at me and said through an interpreter: Let me make sure I understand this.  He said, ``I would like to remind you that as bad as you think we are, we never dropped a nuclear bomb on anybody. As bad as you think we are, you are not as good as you think you are. You expect us to say we know you would never attack us with nuclear weapons when, in fact''--I am not judging whether it was right or wrong--``you have already demonstrated when your national interests are at stake, you will use atomic weapons.'' That is kind of a compelling point.  If we are going to take such a brazen step as trashing a treaty that has helped to lessen the prospect of nuclear Armageddon for over two decades, you would think that there is a good reason behind it. Well, there is none that I can discern.  Instead, we are asked to accept the dubious justifications contained in a couple of paragraphs of this year's Defense authorization bill.  One justification is that mutual assured destruction and its corollary--deterrence--is no longer relevant after the cold war. That is right, folks, traditional deterrence is dead because the bill before us has declared it passe.  Mr. President, you cannot delegislate deterrence. That concept is grounded in the fundamental interaction among States.  In a continued elaboration of flawed logic, the bill goes on to assert that with traditional deterrence dead, both the United States and Russia will be encouraged to reduce their offensive strategic arsenals.  This bizarre line of reasoning reveals a failure to grasp the fundamental counter-intuitive interaction between offense and defense that gave rise to the ABM Treaty in the first place.  As long as we have a potentially adversarial relationship with Russia--in other words, as long as we are not dealing with a Canada, or a France, or a Britain--our sense of security will depend on the confidence we have in our retaliatory capability.  Anything that undermines confidence in retaliatory capability--which is what strategic missile defenses do--will increase the reluctance of one side or the other to reduce offensive strategic forces.  One implicit aspect of the bill's analysis is correct--the Russians do not have the economic means to develop an ABM system on a par with what we are capable of developing with the expenditure of a large portion of our treasure. But they do have a stockpile of surplus warheads which they could deploy to respond to our national missile defense system.  With our planned deployment of a national missile defense system, the Russians, now feeling less certain of their retaliatory capability, will opt for the next best alternative--they will ignore their remaining commitments under Start I and they will refuse to ratify Start II.  It will not end there--they are likely to begin expanding their strategic forces to overcome missile defenses. We will respond by expanding our forces and by developing even more robust missile defenses, and so on. In short, we will restart the spiral of escalating nuclear deployments that marked the worst days of East-West confrontation.  What a cruel irony that would be--after the cold war, when we could have achieved significant reductions in strategic arms--we will instead have created the kind of bankrupting, paranoia-driven arms race that the ABM Treaty sought to prevent, and, indeed, did prevent during the cold war.  Another justification for scuttling the treaty could be called the Barbarians are at the gates argument. According to this line of reasoning, there are numerous rogue States on the verge of acquiring advanced tactical and strategic ballistic missiles. And we urgently need to develop the means to counter this imminent threat to our national security.  This is a crucial matter, and one which deserves more careful analysis than has been employed to date. I know about the estimates that say that some countries are only a decade away from having long range ballistic missile delivery capability. But I question the validity of those analyses.   Many other reputable studies by experts in the field indicate that the nations causing the greatest worry to the Defense Department will not acquire long range delivery systems for the next 20 to 30 years, if ever. Even Defense Department data reveal that 97 percent of the Third World missile threat comes from theater ballistic missiles with a range of 1,000 kilometers or less.  The delivery system of choice of rogue states targeting the United States with weapons of mass destruction will not be ballistic missiles. There are plenty of ways to circumvent defenses without even using missiles. These are the threats on which we should focus our ever-scarcer resources, not on the alarmist scenarios that are being touted by the proponents of national missile defense.  If a national missile defense can be rendered ineffective by an overwhelming Russian attack, and if such a system is many times more capable than what is required to contend with the Third World theater ballistic missile threat, then we are left to ask a basic question--what are we spending tens of billions of dollars to defend ourselves from?  I think that the only logical conclusion is one that is not explicitly stated, but begins to emerge if you read carefully between the lines. The real reason for going on a crash program to develop a national missile defense system is that there are some who don't care that the ABM Treaty will be jettisoned because, in their view, arms reduction per se is not in our national security interest.  If our deployment of a national missile defense causes the Russians to abandon START II, that fits right in with their strategy. Such a move by the Russians will provide the excuse they need to argue for maintaining and perhaps even expanding a large United States strategic arsenal.  I realize that there are others who might vote for a national missile defense system because, upon first glance, it seems to be a way to render strategic ballistic missiles obsolete. I know that not everyone who supports a missile defense wants an arms buildup. Some may honestly believe that a national missile defense is a path to future arms reduction.  But I would hope that those who do want arms reduction will realize the essential paradox of defense and offense where strategic ballistic missiles are concerned. The more you try to defend, the more the other side will buildup. This has been borne out by experience. In this manner, a well-meaning attempt to reduce the effectiveness of strategic weapons by building a robust defense could have the perverse impact of leading to a new and costly arms race.  In closing, I would just like to remind my colleagues who remain skeptical about the usefulness of the ABM Treaty, that the START treaties--in which both sides have agreed to cut their strategic arsenals by a total of two-thirds--were concluded without the United States having deployed a single strategic defensive system.  The ABM Treaty has served the purpose of arms reduction remarkably well. We should seek to build upon its successes, not scuttle it for an ill-defined and perilous course.  Finally, let me say that if Senators are going to stand on the floor and say they are going to vote against the Levin amendment but they support START I and START II, then I respectfully suggest that they go read this legislation. I do not know how you can say that.  If a Senator is going to say, ``I support the ABM Treaty but I am against the Levin amendment,'' I suggest he or she go read the legislation before us. If a Senator comes to the floor and says, ``By the way, I not only do not like the doctrine of mutual assured destruction, I do not support START I, START II, or the ABM Treaty,'' then I say vote against this amendment, because then you will be intellectually honest. It is a legitimate position to take. But let us not kid the American people and the world and say we support reducing the number of nuclear weapons, we support START I, we support START II, we are even for a START III, which we are contemplating, and we are for the ABM Treaty but, by the way, we are going to vote for this legislation. You cannot do both and be intellectually honest about it.  So, as they say, pick a team, pick a side, pick a position, but do not pretend you are on both sides because you cannot be against Levin and for the ABM Treaty. You cannot be against Levin and for the START II agreement. You cannot be against Levin and for further reduction in the nuclear arsenals of the major powers in the world.  I thank my colleague from Michigan, and I yield the floor.  