 President, I rise in strong opposition to the amendment of the senior Senator from Colorado.  I am deeply concerned about the signal that adoption of this amendment would send to the rest of the world, particularly to the numerous countries with nuclear ambitions. The effect of allowing the proposed transfer of sophisticated military equipment and the resumption of economic aid would be to legitimize Pakistan's nuclear program.  The issue here is much larger than just Pakistan and the military equipment they want to take delivery of--it is about the credibility of our entire nuclear non-proliferation policy.  The proposal before us rewards a country that repeatedly lied to us about its nuclear ambitions. It tells other would-be nuclear states that there is no price to be paid for seeking the most destabilizing weapon a country can acquire.  Mr. President, I want to make clear my view that Pakistan was a valuable ally in resisting the Soviet occupation of neighboring Afghanistan. In the course of our common fight against Soviet expansionism, we forged a strategic relationship that served both of our countries.  But, Mr. President, the Soviet threat was not the sole concern in our dealings with Pakistan in the 1980s. Throughout this period, this body repeatedly expressed its concerns regarding Pakistan's nuclear program. It is instructive to examine the record, because what many people forget is that at the time we were given ironclad assurances that Pakistan was not pursuing nuclear capability.  In fact, the Reagan administration told us that if we did not amply supply Pakistan with military hardware, then we would be encouraging it to pursue the nuclear option. Thus, high levels of assistance to Pakistan became an integral part of our nuclear nonproliferation policy.  Well, Mr. President, we supplied Pakistan with over $4 billion in military and economic aid during the eighties, and I must say that I have yet to see any evidence that massive American aid in any way deterred Pakistan's nuclear program.  One could argue that our assistance had the opposite effect. It freed up resources which would otherwise have been used for conventional defenses. And in fact, if you piece together the evidence, you will find that Pakistan's greatest nuclear strides correspond with the highest levels of American aid. This can only lead you to conclude that we helped to underwrite the Pakistani bomb.  The proposal which is before us today at the request of the Clinton administration strikes me as suffering from the same flawed logic as those advanced during the Reagan and Bush administrations. In exchange for easing the Pressler ban, we are getting absolutely nothing to address our non-proliferation concerns: No rollback, no freeze, not even a pause. The supporters of this amendment want to lavish Pakistan with destabilizing conventional weapons while that country proceeds full throttle with its nuclear program.  The Pressler amendment unambiguously states that no assistance can be supplied to Pakistan unless the President certifies that Pakistan does not possess a nuclear explosive device. It is unambiguous. It does not allow for any fudging. And fudging is what the Brown amendment amounts to.  The proposed transfer of military hardware not only contradicts the Pressler ban, it also fails to meet the standards of the licensing policy for commercial military sales to Pakistan. I might add that many in Congress strenuously objected to the Bush administration's decision to license commercial sales in the first place. Under that policy, any equipment which could upgrade Pakistan's military capability is to be denied a license. By the administration's own admission, many of the items they want to transfer now would be denied a license according to this standard.  There you have it. The administration is willing to eviscerate the Pressler amendment, and it is willing to waive its already lax standards while getting nothing in return.  If we are asked to undo a decade-old pillar of our non-proliferation policy, then the least we can ask for are some restraints on Pakistan's nuclear program.  I expect that some will say that Pakistan already paid for this equipment--it is rightfully theirs, and we ought to send the goods or return the money. Setting aside the argument that Pakistan knew a situation like this would result if it failed to be certified, I would favor finding a way to compensate Pakistan in some manner.  I would propose that the administration sell this equipment to third parties, and send the proceeds from such sales to Pakistan, just as it plans to do in the case of the F-16s.  Mr. President, invoking the Pressler amendment achieved what billions of aid dollars could not--a halt to fissile material production by Pakistan. Congress is not always right, but in this case we were.  Now is not the time to discard a policy that has worked. Press reports indicate that Pakistan has clandestinely acquired M-11 missiles from China, that it is quietly cooperating with Iran's nuclear ambitions, and that it has openly engaged in military exercises with Iran.  Mr. President, unless we reject the Brown amendment, we will be putting our imprimatur on these very dangerous developments.  The late Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, the present prime minister's father, once declared that his countrymen would eat grass in order to acquire nuclear capability. And Mr. President, Pakistan, like neighboring India, has more or less followed through on this promise. It has built a clandestine nuclear weapons program of unknown safety at tremendous cost, while doing nothing to improve the plight of its tens of millions of citizens trapped in poverty.  Well, Mr. President, if Pakistan's leaders choose to sacrifice the greater welfare of their people to further develop a nuclear arsenal, then that is a decision they will need to justify to their citizens. We should not make their job any easier in this regard. Unfortunately, that would be the effect of resuming economic assistance.  I fully understand the complex security situation that exists among India, Pakistan, and China. And I believe that we should be doing more to address the sources of instability among these three countries if we are to successfully deal with the nuclear menace in that part of the world.  But I do not think that the nuclear capability of Pakistan's neighbors should be an excuse for not enforcing our laws with respect to Pakistan.  The fact is there is no Pressler amendment for India, but there are laws that have been used to invoke sanctions to blunt India's nuclear weapons ambitions. I would also note that India, unlike Pakistan, did not receive billions of dollars in aid for the expressed purpose of preventing the development of a nuclear weapon.  The point is that we have to uphold the laws that are on our books. Pakistan was well aware of the Pressler amendment. It supported the amendment's adoption. And it chose to ignore the consequences of non-compliance with the amendment.  It is that simple. And it is up to us to demonstrate that on an issue of such vital importance to our national security, we mean what we say.  Mr. President, we must not reward the kind of behavior Pakistan has demonstrated. Others are watching this debate closely, and how we act in this situation could well affect the decisions of many other potential nuclear states.  