 President, if I can speak very briefly now to my new amendment, let me make sure that I have it straight for myself, let alone for all of my colleagues.  My original amendment was designed to do three things, to change three provisions of the Hatch--I will call it the bill; it is technically an amendment--the thing we are debating, the counterterrorism legislation that is before us. In that counterterrorism legislation, there were a number of provisions, three of which were as follows: One deleted the existing statutory requirement that there be counsel appointed for an indigent at a trial. The second, deleted an existing statutory provision requiring counsel be appointed at a habeas corpus proceeding for an indigent. And the third amended existing law that says counsel for an indigent has the right to go before a Federal judge by himself without the prosecutor present and make a request to the Federal judge for additional resources in order to adequately be able to protect his client's constitutional interests, that is, go in to a Federal judge and say: Judge, I do not have the money to hire an investigator like the prosecutor has that I need to go to x town to interview three people.  The way the law exists now, that lawyer for the indigent can do just what a lawyer for a nonindigent can do and what the prosecutor can do. He does not have to tip his hand to the prosecutor to say this is what I am about to do; this is what I am about to investigate; this is what I want to check out.  It would be a little bit like in that God-awful O.J. Simpson trial in that if every time the defense hired someone to investigate something, they first had to go to the prosecutor and say: By the way, I am going to hire this investigator to go look at the background of one of the police officers, and I am going to do it on Tuesday, and I am going to interview the following three people.  No one would expect defense counsel to have to do that with the prosecution present, would not have to tell the prosecutor that.  Conversely, the prosecutor, when they are in the middle of a trial and they say: My goodness--or before a trial--we better check out a lead that we have; we have a lead that on September 12 the defendant was with Mary Jones in Oshkosh; we are going to send an investigator to go to see Mary Jones and find out whether that is true--if the prosecutor had to say: By the way, defense counsel, on October 3 we are going to send an investigator to meet Mary Jones in Oshkosh, that would prejudice the State's case because the defendant could pick up the phone and call Mary Jones and tell Mary Jones to leave town. It is not reasonable.  What we did in the law not long ago, we said an indigent should have the same rights. But an indigent does not have any money. The only reason a poor guy's lawyer, the one that is appointed by the court, goes to the judge is because he does not have the money. Otherwise, he would not have to go to the judge. All he would have to do is say: OK, I am hiring a guy to go check this out. But now he is able to go to the judge. The reason he goes to the judge is that the judge is the guy who dispenses the money. The judge is the guy to say: OK, I will give you the money to hire that guy. You proved to me you need it. I will give you the money.  Now, what my friends do here--and I understand their motivation; I think it is pure--is they say, wait a minute now. That is costing money, and should not the prosecutor, the State, have to be in that room when the defense attorney is in that room saying: Judge, I have no money, but I wish to hire an investigator to check this out.  They say that the State prosecutor should be able to be in that room while that is being done. Well, they would not say that if it were a civil case. You would not in a civil case say, by the way, you ought to tell the other side that you are about to hire two people to go investigate a witness who says they saw your client walking around perfectly healthy when they claim to have a bad back. They say, well, you would not have to telegraph that.  Just because somebody is poor, why should they have to give away their case in front of the prosecutor?  And, by the way, to put it another way, how is the State hurt by this? The State is not hurt in any way by this. There is a Federal judge sitting there deciding whether or not there is a legitimate case made to need this investigator or to need this additional resource.  And so what my amendment does is it strikes another provision in the underlying counterterrorism bill, the Hatch bill. It strikes the part that says that before a poor man's appointed counsel can ask a judge a question, he has to have the prosecutor in the room with him while he asks.  Now, my good friend from Pennsylvania, who is, along with the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, one of the best trial lawyers in this place, and their previous records demonstrate that, says basically: Joe, do not worry about that because our legislation says--and I will read it--``No ex parte proceeding, communication or request may be considered pursuant to this section unless a proper showing is made concerning the need for confidentiality.''  I understand what they intend by that. What they intend by that is to solve the problem I have just raised, but under the law the use of the phrase ``proper showing'' means that in front of the prosecutor you are going to have to say: This is why I need this money, judge, to hire this investigator.  The effect of that is in making your proper showing you have to make it in front of the prosecutor. You have now given away the very thing you wanted to avoid when you asked for the closed hearing. This closed meeting with the judge has nothing to do with the facts of the case, nothing to do with the outcome of the case, nothing to do with the evidence that can or cannot be submitted in the case, nothing to do with the substance of the case.  It has to do with the resources made available to a court-appointed lawyer. He may go in and say: Judge, you have not given me enough money to be able to send out the following 20 questions to prospective witnesses. I want that money. Can you give me that money to send out those letters? Or to provide transportation to get a witness.  Remember Rosa, that woman in the O.J. trial who was going to Mexico? Well, it may be a situation where he said: Look, I have an indigent witness who cannot get here. I do not have the money to get him here. Can you give us the money to get him here? The judge may say: No, I will not give you the money. I do not think it is essential for your case. But if the judge thinks it is essential, he can say: OK, you are authorized to buy a ticket to send that person here.  But what you do not want to do is to necessarily have to tell that to the prosecution at this point because it may be a witness you turn out not using.  Anyway, that is the crux of this thing, and although the intention to correct my concern in the underlying remaining amendment is the law says that ``upon a proper showing of the need for confidentiality'' you can have this secret hearing, or this closed hearing, it does not get it done because ``proper showing,'' we believe, is essentially a term of art in the law. You have to make your case before the other person.  Now, the last point I will make--and this is, I think, an appropriate point to make--is that the mere fact they put this in here evidences the fact they know I am right. The mere fact they acknowledge that there are circumstances under which confidentiality is appropriate makes my case.  Think about that now. If they thought everything I am saying here makes no sense, that it is not a legitimate point to raise, why would they [[Page S7819]] provide for any circumstance under which there could be a closed hearing in which only the judge and only the defense counsel were present? They acknowledge by implication. They try to correct it by saying ``proper showing.'' I spent, with my staff, 20 minutes trying to come up with some other phrase that would get it done.  But the truth of the matter is, it is real simple. It is human nature. If you have the prosecutor and the defense lawyer there and the judge, where the Presiding Officer is, and I have to make my case to you because you are not going to automatically grant what I request, you want to know why I want it. So you have to ask me, ``Joe, why do you want it?'' And in order for me to convince you to give me the resources, I have to say to you in front of the other guy, ``Well, I want it, Judge, because I think this witness is going to show that the witnesses for the prosecution are lying.'' Bingo, out of the bag.  Now, if I could say to you, ``Judge, I can't say in front of the prosecutor here. Could you ask the prosecutor to step out of the room and I will tell you?'' If you could say that, then that will get it done. I do not mind the prosecutor being in there as long as when it comes to me to make my case as to why I need the resources that the prosecutor is not there.  So I toyed with the idea of changing the law to say, ``No ex parte proceedings, communication, or request may be considered pursuant to this section unless a request is made concerning the need for confidentiality.'' A request is made--a request--not a showing, because when you move from request to showing, you are required to lay your cards on the table. ``The very cards I have to show you, Your Honor, in order to get you to allow me the money,'' I have to do it in front of those folks.  We do not ask that for a defendant who can afford a lawyer. We do not ask that for a prosecutor. We only ask that for somebody who is poor, and that is a double standard. That is a double standard. To put it another way, Mr. President, if we wanted to make it even for everybody, we should require the privately paid defense lawyer to have to tell the prosecutor every single investigator he or she hires and why they hired them, and we should have to tell the prosecutor they have to tell the defense lawyer every single thing their investigator is doing before they do it. That would be fair. Now everybody is on the same playing field. Now poor folks are treated just like wealthy folks. Prosecutors are treated just like defendants. That would be fair.  But what do we have here? We have a situation where I am poor, he is wealthy, and she is a prosecutor. She does not have to tell me anything about what she is investigating as a prosecutor. He does not have to tell her anything about what he is investigating as a defendant, he can afford it. But I have to tell everybody. It is not fair; not fair. That is what I am trying to correct.  The underlying statute is 848. My amendment strikes all of their reference to that statute. I would be willing to do it by just substituting the word ``request'' for ``a proper showing'' in their language, but I do not think they are willing to accept that. So I am willing, when it is the appropriate time for my colleague to respond, if he wishes to, or move to table this--the bottom line, Mr. President, is I just think this is about fairness.  Why should an indigent defendant have to tell the prosecutor all that he is investigating? You say, ``They don't have to under the law.'' They do practically, Mr. President, because they do not have the resources to hire these folks to do the investigation. Therefore, they have to ask for that. In order to get the judge to give them those resources, they have to tell him why they want those resources; thereby, the effect is they have to tell them. They should not have to do that. Wealthy defendants do not have to do it. Prosecutors do not have to do it. Poor people should not have to do it.  I yield the floor and thank my colleague.  