 President, I want to reform our regulatory process.  No one can deny that we need to write smarter, clearer, more effective, and more flexible Federal regulations. The question before us is not whether to reform our regulations. The question is how to reform them.  I believe that the most balanced answer to this question is in S. 1001, that Senators Glenn, Chafee, and I, along with other of our colleagues from both sides of the aisle, offer here today.  And I am afraid that S. 343, the Dole-Johnston bill, remains an unbalanced, costly, confrontational approach, that fails to meet its own reform criteria, and that will fail to protect the public health and safety--the general welfare that it is our Constitutional duty to protect.  Mr. President, the days are long gone when Americans grew their own food, made their own tools, stayed pretty close to home, and saw most disease as an act of God.  Now we buy food from all over the world, packaged and processed with unpronounceable chemicals, even irradiation.  We travel at higher speeds over longer distances, in larger and larger aircraft, and in automobiles that are as much electronic as they are mechanical.  Mr. President, as much as we may long for a simpler, more self-sufficient time, we must face the costs--in new risks to our health and safety--that come with the benefits of our rapidly evolving economy.  It is one thing to recognize those costs, Mr. President, and quite another to know what to do about them. What is the best way to protect against the new threats to our safety and health that come from the way we now live?  That is the heart of the question before us in this debate on regulatory reform.  Mr. President, the issue before us today has been a generation in the making. Many of the safety and health regulations now on the books had their origins 25 to 30 years ago, when we began to face up to the real costs--in injury, disease, and even death--from unregulated manufacturing processes and products.  By the end of the 1960's and the beginning of the 1970's, we came to realize that consumer choice alone--the guiding principle of the free market--was not enough to protect us from poorly designed, inadequately researched, or criminally negligent products and processes.  Our private enterprise economy functions so well because it is based on individual initiative and self-interest. Economic competition among free individuals drives the inventiveness that gives us new products, new technologies--progress that has given us the most powerful economy in the history of the world.  But those competitive individuals all face the same need to keep their costs lower than their competitors--each individual must find ways to avoid paying for anything that competitors get for free.  The unfortunate effect in this process is that what we all have in common--the need for clean water, clean air, clean food, safe working conditions, products that are safe and effective--those things we have in common are not necessarily protected in each business's calculations of economic efficiency.  At the same time, with the rapid technological changes brought by our free enterprise economy, we find ourselves more and more dependent on products whose safety and effectiveness we cannot evaluate ourselves--except, perhaps by experiencing the tragic consequences of thalidomide or DDT, or increasing automobile injuries and deaths.  So we need some way to make sure we can take care of those things we have in common--the common good.  A generation ago, the public began to demand cleaner air, safer food, water, and transportation. To accomplish those goals, Congress has passed laws, and agencies have written the regulations to put the goals of those laws into effect.  In era of skepticism, cynicism, and downright hostility toward government, these are the most popular federal laws now on the books, Mr. President.  Everywhere I travel in my own State of Delaware, and in other States around our country, people of every political persuasion tell that they continue to support government policies that keep our food and water safe and clean, that assure we can travel in safety, and that protect the environment.  At the same time, these are also some of the most frustrating, demanding, confusing regulations that our small businesses and property owners must face. Reform must balance the demands of the public for continued safety with the needs of those businessmen and women who seek reasonable relief.  Still, taken as a whole, in terms of their impact on the economy, these regulations are not, Mr. President, the unmitigated disaster some would have us believe.  Our food, our water, our prescription drugs, our highways and airways--even our children's clothes and toys--are safer today because of Federal regulations.  But at what cost, ask our colleagues? They tell us that our country is being strangled by regulations, jobs are being lost, that the burden of regulations is sinking our economy.  Now, Mr. President, a couple of days ago on the floor of the Senate I related a story from my own State of Delaware about regulations run amok, about a rule that flies in the face of common sense, a rule that cost a good friend of mine an outrageous amount of money simply to settle a claim out of court.  I know as well as anyone here that these horror stories are real, and that it is high time we undertook serious reform of the ways we write Federal rules and regulations.  But our job here is to weigh the full body of evidence, and to put the individual cases that are so frustrating and infuriating into context, and correct them individually. When I told that story, I said I would return to the floor to discuss the real cost of regulations, the real costs of these rules to our economy.  Fortunately, Mr. President, the big picture is not what some would have us believe. The fact is that the burden of regulation a share of our economy has not exploded as some of my colleagues have stated here on the floor.  As a matter of fact, the share of regulatory costs in our economy has actually gone down, as documented by an analysis done last month by the GAO. From 1977 to this year, the regulatory cost have shrunk by 11 percent--from about 4.5 percent of GDP to about 4 percent of GDP.  There is nothing in the facts to support the claim that the cost of regulations has exploded, nothing to justify putting hurdles, even landmines, in front of every regulation now on the books, and every regulation now in the works.  Mr. President, many of the stories we have heard here in recent days--stories of regulators' excesses and abuses of power--are more folklore than fact. But if even these horror stories were true, would that justify putting the health and safety of the American public at risk? Would the risks justify the benefits? Would it not be better to fix the particular abuses, rather than take the Dole approach?  Let us look at this another way, Mr. President. Many of my colleagues insist on using a grossly inflated estimate of the total cost of regulations--$562 billion a year, by one well-publicized estimate.   But that number includes costs like farm subsidies, that transfer funds from one sector of the economy to another--they add up to zero on the national accounts. And they also include the costs of complying with the IRS--a burden we all resent, but one that the Dole-Johnston bill does not touch. The IRS is not covered by regulatory reform--that is an issue for tax reform, a topic for another day.  So the real costs of complying with regulations is actually more like $228 billion a year, according the study cited in the GAO report I have here today--half of what some would have us believe.  But what do we get for those costs? Is this just money down the drain? Not according to the Center for Risk Analysis at the Harvard School of Public Health. Its report from March of this year cites one study--from the peer-reviewed Yale Journal on Regulation--that sets the benefits of health, safety, and environmental regulations at $200 billion a year.  A little quick math suggests that we are left with a total NET cost of regulations to the economy--if we take reasonable account of benefits that we can measure in dollars and cents, as well as the costs--of about $28 billion a year.  That $228 billion a year in regulatory costs means about $912 dollars a year for everyone in the country, or about $2.50 a day, for all of the health, safety, and environmental protection we enjoy.  If we throw in some of the benefits that cannot be measured in dollars and cents--a little extra peace of mind, some fairness in the distribution of benefits, deference to principles like federalism--that seems like a pretty fair deal.  Some might call it a bargain--clean water, safe food, secure transportation, and a few basic American values thrown in--for $2.50 a day.  Like most of the numbers we have heard in this debate, of course, these are estimates, extrapolations, and a reflection of how hard it is to measure these things. As much as we need to know the hard facts about the costs and benefits of regulations, we are still learning how to count them.  But that small number makes sense when we look at the effect of regulations on the growth of our economy, Mr. President. It is hard to find evidence that regulations are dragging us down. Throughout the entire post-War period to the present, Mr. President, before the enactment of significant environmental, health, and safety regulations and after, our economy has continued to grow at a remarkably steady pace.  When you look at the pattern of growth that our economy has been able to sustain over this period, Mr. President, it is impossible to detect a point at which regulations become a burden.  Between 1980 and 1994, our industrial output rose more than 50 percent. In the past 3 years, it has increased 15 percent. Our output is now twice as high as it was in 1970, and five times as high as 1950.  Our productivity has risen about 3 percent per year in the past decade. A recent comprehensive survey of the impact of environmental regulations--on those industries like chemicals, petroleum, and paper that have had the most to clean up--showed little or no correlation between regulations and profits, competitiveness, or productivity.  Where is the evidence that the cost of regulations has exploded?  Where is the evidence that the cost of regulations has become a major burden on the growth of the economy?  It simply is not there, Mr. President.  In fact, there is persuasive evidence that regulation has generated positive overall effects for our economy, by spurring innovations and economies.  We know that there are positive economic effects from lowering costly threats to public health and safety, threats that take their toll in medical bills, time lost on the jobs, and so forth. By making our citizens healthier and safer, regulations make our economy more efficient, because we do not waste scarce resources paying for preventable illness and injury.  But in addition to preventing wasteful expenditures--and preventing unnecessary human suffering--regulations can have positive effects on economic innovation.  Here is an example from that recent Business Week article: When OSHA issued a new standard for worker exposure to formaldehyde, costs to the industry were estimated at $10 billion. But when the affected industries changed the way they operated, the costs were negligible, and the changes improved their international competitiveness. The conclusion? The regulations were a large net plus for the industry and the country.  Let us think about this for a minute, Mr. President. Does anyone here want to argue that an economy that wastes less--that sends less of its waste products into the environment in which its citizens live--is less efficient than an economy that spews tons of waste into the air and water?  Logic does not support the idea that these regulations will make us less competitive--as a nation, over the long run--and the data do not support it, either.  So let us not let exaggerated costs and horror stories of regulatory excess stampede us into a wholesale attack on regulations that, by and large, are doing what we want them to do.  But there is a real problem, Mr. President, one that is at the heart of the movement to reform regulations, a movement we should all support.  That problem is the lack of flexibility and the lack of openness in rule-making and enforcement of regulations. And that problem can be traced to the arrogance and insensitivity of the public officials charged with writing and enforcing many of our regulations.  It is fundamental, Mr. President--power corrupts. From the comically officious church parking lot attendant on Sunday morning to the most powerful public officials, people's heads swell when they are given power over others. Our regulatory agencies are not immune from this law of human nature.  Mr. President, the abuse of private power by polluters, unsafe employers, and sellers of dangerous products--that abuse of private power is the reason we need regulations.  And the abuse of public power by arrogant public officials is the reason we need regulatory reform.  It should be our job to fight both forms of abuse, not add momentum to that pendulum that swings from one extreme to the other.  Which of the two bills before us is more likely to remedy this problem and still protect the public interest?  I am convinced that the Glenn-Chafee approach is the more balanced, effective way to restore common sense to the way we write our regulations, without putting punitive layers of paperwork and procedures in the way of better regulations than we have today.  This approach requires a cost-benefit analysis and a risk assessment for public safety, health, and environmental regulations that have a major impact--$100 million--on the economy.  It backs those up with specific requirements for peer review, congressional review, and executive oversight of each agency's rule writing. And the courts will examine each agency's compliance with the scientific and economic justifications for each rule.  It requires that agencies include flexible, market-based alternatives in their considerations, and makes them show how the rule they choose matches up to those alternative for cost-effectiveness.  The Glenn-Chafee substitute calls for a thorough-going review of regulations now on the books, and sets up a procedure to assure that we have a sensible way to rank the risks we face--from contaminated air, water, or food, or from unsafe aircraft, cars, or toys. We will attack the worst problems first, the best way to allocate our scarce resources.  Mr. President, the Glenn-Chafee substitute is tough, thoughtful reform.  Ironically, the Dole-Johnston bill adds to the costs of regulation by adding inflexible, prescriptive procedures to the process, subject to petition and judicial review requirements that could keep better rules--replacing the bad ones on the books today--from seeing the light of day.  But most significantly, it forces agencies to write every rule according to fixed criteria--they must choose the least cost alternative among all the possible versions. But the cheapest rule may not be the best--it depends on the circumstances, it requires more flexibility.   The cheapest broom may get the job done in most cases, but when you need an operation, maybe you would consider paying a little more for the best doctor you can afford. It depends on the problem you are trying to solve.  Flexibility is not what the Dole-Johnston bill provides. Do we really think that public officials will become more accommodating, more concerned with differing circumstances, if they must, by law, choose the rule that they can defend in court as the cheapest way to get the job done?  Maybe they could get the public more benefits for a little more cost--maybe they could write a rule that is more cost-effective. But not under the Dole-Johnston bill.  Under the Dole-Johnston bill, agencies will practice defensive rule writing--to conform to whatever the latest case law says is the cheapest way to do things. They are not encouraged to apply a variety of criteria--maybe in some cases, the cheapest rule is the best; maybe we want to maximize the benefits in safety and health; maybe we want the rule with the most net benefits--the spread between costs and benefits.  But the Dole-Johnston bill is not concerned with flexibility--it mandates that every rule fit into the same box--the least cost box.  Furthermore, the Dole-Johnston bill will add bureaucracy and litigation, instead of reducing it. For example, lawyers will be able to challenge rules--or prevent them from going into effect--by raising any of a number of new issues which they cannot now raise.  This will keep Washington lawyers busy, and will keep agency lawyers busy. That means everyone will be in court--instead of out in the field, enforcing the new regulations. And in an effort to avoid lawsuits in the future, agencies will practice defensive rulemaking--being overly cautious, spending enormous amounts of money and becoming even more bureaucratic.  This is not reform. It makes the regulatory system more bureaucratic, not less. It results in more litigation and less policy. It makes it harder for the Government to respond to legitimate needs.  Furthermore, the bill includes new cumbersome and complicated processes by which industry and special interests can petition to have existing rules thrown out. There are numerous of these petition processes in the Dole-Johnston bill--and each of them can be brought into court if the agency denies the petition. That explosion in litigation simply is not what regulatory reform is about.  The effect of these and other procedural hurdles would be either to require larger bureaucracies, with bigger budgets--or, more likely under current conditions--to make the process of getting out new, better rules virtually endless.  If advocates of this gridlock think that hog-tying the bureaucracies will reduce the public's demand for safety, health, and environmental protection, they have seriously misread public opinion. The demand for these protections will collide with the cumbersome process they have devised, adding to the frustration with government--and to the hostility and suspicion of the special interests who are served by delay and weakening of those protections.  Regulatory reform should be the way to make the system more flexible, more open, but S. 343--the Dole-Johnston bill--would establish a more costly, less flexible rule writing process.  Mr. President, S. 343 has been written to be just a bad mirror image of the process some imagine we have today. It will tie up agencies in new procedures, adding to the costs and uncertainty of the regulatory process, the same complaints many citizens have rightfully leveled against the current process.  It would waste resources by piling requirements on rulemakers that add nothing to the public safety and health, and add nothing to the effectiveness of the regulatory process, and will do nothing to make agencies more accommodating to the real needs of individuals, firms, and communities.  Now I know that some of my colleagues here today, and certainly some of those business men and women who feel themselves most aggrieved by current regulations view the prospect of frustrating a few Federal bureaucrats eagerly.  Some may even see regulatory reform as pay back time: a chance to dump on Federal agencies some of the burdens they have felt.  Mr. President, I ask those who may feel that way to consider how they will feel if the effect on the regulatory process is to make it more complex, more time-consuming, more uncertain. Will those who feel most aggrieved by the current system be better served if they succeed in their attempt at retribution?  The fact is, Mr. President, that the big corporations whose contributions have bought them access to the legislative process--those corporations have always been able to make the system work. They play the regulatory system like a harp, and they have helped to write the new rules of the game, a game in which their deep pockets and hefty legal staffs will carry a lot of weight.  But what about the guy who cannot sail or fish on the Delaware River, or cannot take his family to the beach, when our waters are not protected? What about the family with crippling health care costs from their child's respiratory problems when our air is not clean?  What of the small businesswoman who just wanted a fair shake and a straight answer, who is told by OSHA or the EPA, ``Sorry, that rule has been held up by another petition--we cannot tell you how to bring your business into compliance?''  Mr. President, those of us who are rightfully proud of the accomplishments of public safety and health regulations should be among the first to want them to work efficiently and effectively, without waste of taxpayers' dollars and without antagonizing the citizens who operate the businesses and who own the property that are the subjects of so many of these regulations.  Any waste in the process, any wasted effort and dollars by those who comply with these regulations, is a waste of resources that could be used to create another job--or to improve the quality of our air and water, or increase the safety of our airways and highways.  The tough choices before us in the next few years will leave little room for excess in any programs. Those of us who support the Glenn-Chafee amendment recognize our continuing responsibility to promote the general welfare; reform is essential to wringing every dime's worth of protection out of every regulation.  We cannot maintain a regulatory process that thoughtlessly pushes the cost of regulation onto the people whose businesses create the products--and the jobs--we all depend on. We must not have a regulatory process that generates increasing resentment and frustration on the part of the businessmen and women whose behavior--and balance sheets--must change to put our regulations into effect.  Mr. President, all Americans benefit from regulations that work well, and that work efficiently. And we are all poorer if our businesses divert resources away from productive economic activity for regulations that are not well designed.  But demonizing Federal regulations--legislating by anecdote, where often imaginary excesses are inflated into an anti-Government scenario of bureaucrats run amok--is surely not the way to accomplish real regulatory reform.  Now, Mr. President, I am impressed by the extent of the changes in S. 343 since it was reported out of the Judiciary Committee. The sheer volume of revisions confirms, I believe, the minority view back then that it was seriously flawed and not ready for consideration by the full Senate.  The changes also reflect the good work of many of my colleagues, including Senator Roth and Senator Johnston, who have lent their expertise to remove some of the worst elements of the earlier version of S. 343. They have spent hours and hours over recent weeks debating and revising the details of what we all agree is a very complex, arcane bill.  But the volume of changes also has its downside, Mr. President. It means that this bill, in its current form, has never been the subject of committee hearings or debate. It has remained a moving target, defying any attempt to analyze the cumulative implications of its many interrelated subchapters and provisions.   In the process, it has become an amalgam of innumerable drafts and revisions, last-minute concessions, and internal inconsistencies.  The Dole bill began as a proposal that would frustrate, not promote reform, by adding paperwork, delays, and costs to a system already swamped by procedures. The many changes that have been adopted in recent weeks have blunted, but not deflected, its original intent.  That is why I am pleased to support the efforts of Senator Glenn, Senator Chafee, and many others, to revive a superior approach to legislative reform, one that was subject to extensive hearings, and that enjoyed a unanimous, bipartisan vote from the Governmental Affairs Committee.  I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of this alternative, that is a tough, considered approach to regulatory reform, that raises the standards for the regulations that will be written from now on, and that provides a rational program to assure all earlier regulations meet these new, higher standards.  