 President, I think a little bit of immediate past history is important for us to recall here.  With regard to whether or not this policy that has been pursued in this administration relative to Bosnia and Herzegovina was a sound policy or not, it is the same policy that was pursued by the Bush administration. The Bush administration set a policy in motion that said we would support an arms embargo against the Bosnian Government, as well as others, and that we would not use air power to relieve the genocidal actions of the Serbs.  To my great disappointment, although there were faint efforts to change that policy by attempting to convince our allies to lift the embargo, the truth of the matter was this administration did not change the position.  Some of us, as long ago as the last 4 months of the Bush administration, argued loudly, if not persuasively, that the Bush policy was an incorrect policy. We argued that we should lift the arms embargo. In addition to that, we argued that we should supply weapons to the Bosnian Government which at that time was a multiethnic government made up of a council of Presidents, roughly divided in thirds among Moslems, Croats, and Serbs within Bosnia, and a Bosnian Army made up of Bosnian Serbs, Bosnian Croats, and Bosnian Moslems. We even passed the so-called Biden amendment through both Houses of the United States Congress that authorized the President of the United States to seek a lifting of the embargo and to transfer up to $50 million worth of weaponry, off the shelf, to the Bosnian Government. That was in the last months of the Bush administration.  I--and I do not say this to speak to what I did or did not do, but to mark it historically--I, after Senator Moynihan, was one of the few people who went to Sarajevo, went to near Srebrenica, went to Tuzla, went to Belgrade, went to Zagreb, met with Karadzic, met with Milosevic, met with UNPROFOR, met with the Croatian leadership, came back and wrote a report, and was debriefed by the Secretary of State and the President. The report called for lifting the arms embargo and using air power to strike at the Serbian genocidal undertakings.  Back then, I--and I was not the only one in the world community--I came back and pointed out that this was raw, unadulterated genocide. The Serbs had set up rape camps, a policy explicitly designed to take Moslem women, primarily, into camps, rape them, have them carry the children to term, in order to intimidate and pollute the Moslem people in Bosnia. Everyone said that was not going on; this was not 1937 or 1938 or 1940. But now, no one questions it occurred.  I remember coming back--after going up through Mount Igman and over the mountains into a place called Kiseljak and going through villages--and saying, ``There are graves.'' You could ride through a village in the mountains and see three or four homes in a row, pristinely kept, window boxes with flowers. The next home, a hole in the ground. The next home, perfectly kept. After that, two holes in the ground or a chimney sticking up. And graves at the end of the town road.  I was told by our own people as well as the French, God bless them, and the Brits, that these folks are all the same. They are all bad guys. They are all like this. They have all been doing this for all of the last 4 centuries--which is historically inaccurate and was inaccurate in terms of what was taking place at the time.  I remember when we watched on television--the Senator from Arizona and I spoke to it on the floor that night--when they overran Srebrenica. You could actually see U.N. soldiers sitting there with their blue helmets and hats on top of tanks, watching the Serb conquerors take the women and children and send them in one direction and take the able-bodied men and send them in the other direction--for extermination. This was not because they wanted segregated prison cells. They took them to the woods, they dug holes, they shot them, they dropped them in the holes, they poured lye on their bodies and bulldozed the dirt over them.  We were told no, that is not happening.  Now we have satellite imaging that uncovers this--surprise. Surprise. ``Oh, my Lord this is happening.''  The reason I bother to say this, because I know you all are tired of hearing me saying it for the last 3 years, is to make one very important point. One, with all due respect, I do not think the President has accurately made. And that is, what is our interest in Bosnia? Is there a vital interest? Or, as my friend from Missouri said, ``Does this action represent our interest and our values?''  If this does not represent our interests and our values, then nothing that has happened since the end of World War II represents our values. How many in this Chamber, like me, have gone to Holocaust memorial events and heard the refrain, ``Never again.'' Never again? On the same continent, in the same proximity, the same death camps--it is happening again. And it happened again.  This time it was not Jews. It was primarily Moslems. In 1935 and 1937 and 1939 and 1941 and 1943, had it been Catholics like me, or Protestants, like many in here, who were being taken to death camps, the world would have risen up years earlier. But it was not. It was Jews. And we all turned a blind eye, as a world.  I respectfully suggest, were it not Moslems this time who were in the rape camps, were it not Moslems who were being exterminated as part of this new phrase ``ethnic cleansing'', that the world would have behaved differently. I wonder how many of us ever thought, as students of World War II or as participants in World War II, that we would ever serve in the Senate and hear the phrase, openly used by one party in a conflict, ``ethnic cleansing.'' Ethnic cleansing. Is that not an antiseptic term?  And notwithstanding the fact only the Serbs used the phrase, I kept hearing on this floor that, ``They are all the same. They are all the same.''  There have been atrocities committed by Moslems and by Croats. But they have not set up rape camps. They have not set up death camps. They have not mass murdered as part of a coherent plan for people, based upon their ethnicity and their religion. That is called genocide--genocide. That is what it is. And now, even in our move to state what our vital interest is, this administration and others who support it are afraid to use the word. We are told we are not taking sides.  I am here to take sides. Milosevic, the leader of the Bosnian Serbs, is a war criminal. He is no better than Himmler. He is no better than Goebbels. He is a war criminal. Karadzic is a war criminal.  I might add that the leader of Serbia, Milosevic, is also a war criminal, although he is the only one not indicted so far.  So I hear people stand here and say, ``What is our interest? What is our interest?'' Our interest is that history repeated itself.  Let me be presumptuous enough to go on a little more to what I think the next history lesson will be. The Soviet empire has collapsed--the good news. The bad news is that all of the ethnic hatreds, all of the ethnic fighting, all of the atrocities that occurred 100 years ago and 40 years ago are now uncovered again. There are 25 million Russians living outside the border of Russia, in the Ukraine, in the Baltic countries, in Kazakhstan. There is war in Armenia, in Georgia, and almost all of it is based on ethnicity.  What is the message we send to the world if we stand by and we say we will let it continue to happen here in this place but it is not in our interest? We do not fear that it will spread? I am not here to tell you that, if we do not act, it will spread and cause a war in Europe--tomorrow or next year. But I am here to tell you that within the decade, it will cause the spread of war like a cancer, and the collapse of the Western alliance. What is so important about the Western alliance? NATO for NATO's sake so that we can beat our breast?  What I am about to say is going to cause me great difficulty if I am reelected and come back here as the ranking member or chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. But Europe cannot stay united without the United States. There is no moral center in Europe. When in the last two centuries have the French, or the British, or the Germans, or the Belgiums, or the Italians moved in a way to unify that continent to stand up to this kind of genocide? When have they done it? The only reason anything is happening now is because the United States of America finally--finally--is understanding her role.  So we do have a national interest. Our national interest goes well beyond the genocide that will spread like a cancer. I will not take the time, because others wish to speak, to explain what the rest of it is. But I do in my longer statement which I will put in the Record.  But there is a second question it seems to me after first asking what is the national interest of the United States. Once you establish that there is a national interest--and I believe there is one--then, is the proposed action by the President the one that can meet that national interest? I respectfully suggest this is not the best one. If the President and the administration and the last administration, in my view, had the gumption, they would have told our European allies that we are lifting the arms embargo.  This is not a Vietnamization program. The Vietnamese and South Vietnam were not sure where they wanted to be, North or South. That is why it never worked.  The Bosnians know where they want to be. They want to be free. They will fight for themselves, and all they have ever asked for is lifting the arms embargo.  Prime Minister Silajdzic came after my first visit to Bosnia. I had him in my office and 12 of my colleagues--very good men and women came, Democrats and Republicans. The word was then, if we lift the embargo, it is just going to make it worse for those poor folks and more are going to get killed. One of my Republican colleagues, who is very informed on policy, and a Democratic colleague at my conference table asked the same thing of Silajdzic. Silajdzic said something I will never forget as long as I live.  He looked at this Senator, and he said: ``Senator, at least do me the honor and the privilege of letting me choose how to die.''  ``Senator, do not send me food to fatten me and my family in the winter only to be assured that I will be killed with the full stomach. Give me a weapon. Let me defend myself, and have the good grace to let me choose how to die.''  He then went on to add, ``I am not asking for you to send a single American troop. I am not asking for you to send a single American. I am asking you to lift this immoral embargo.''  That is what should have been done, as a student of history of the Balkans--I suspect that I have read as much as almost anybody here, at least I have tried my best, and I have gone there twice and I have spoken with everyone I could. During the last two Balkan wars, the only time they ended was when all parties concluded that they could not achieve any more on the ground than they could at the peace table.  But events have overtaken us. And the event that has overtaken us is called Dayton. I say to my friends here in the Senate, the part that I do not like about being Senator is when Presidents do not get it right, and we do not get to make the best choice. We get to choose among bad choices.  It is that old thing about the Hobson's choice. Two bad choices is no choice at all. The best choice is to lift the embargo, provide air cover, wait while it is being done, and let the Bosnian Government establish itself because Serbia has already lost. Milosevic has no interest in continuing because he is a pariah in the Western community. Have the War Crimes Tribunal go forward and let it be settled. But we did not do that.  We have one of two choices now: One, we participate with a better than even chance. We provide enough time for the Bosnian Government to get the physical wherewithal and economic strength to defend themselves, and then we leave. Two, we do not participate at all, which means nothing happens because the Europeans have no center on this issue. Nothing will happen except the embargo will be on, the genocide will continue, our interest will be badly damaged, and the cancer will spread. My son may not go to Bosnia today, but he may be in eastern Germany in 8 years. My grandchildren may not be in Bosnia today but they will be in Europe fighting a war 15 years from now.  So given the choices, I support this resolution. I support it because we do have a vital national interest, and we do have a moral rationale for our engagement.   If we thought we had a moral interest, a national interest in restoring the Emir of Kuwait to the throne--restoring the Emir of Kuwait to the throne, God bless his soul--to send 500,000 troops there, tell me, tell me why we do not have a moral interest in stopping what was international aggression by Serbia crossing the Drina River into a U.N.-recognized country and participating in genocide?  In Kuwait we had a single example of one young woman who was raped and beaten, which turned out not to be true, to enrage people about the awful thing Saddam Hussein was doing. And here we have mass graves. I have visited with Bob Dole a hospital in Sarajevo. Do you know who was in the hospital? Seven children. Do you know why there were only seven children? Because the Serbs sit in those hills and they have as a campaign of terror, the maiming of children. Walk with me through Sarajevo's streets and see draped across the roads blankets and sheets. I thought it was a Lower East Side in 1919 of New York.  I asked why. Do you know why they are there? To take over the line of fire from Serbian snipers shooting children. We pretended it did not happen. Ask Bob Dole.  We stood beside a beautiful raven-haired child who looked at us as we spoke. And the neurosurgeon said, ``The reason she is not turning is she has no sight. He turned her head. The bullet had gone through the back of her head, severed the optic nerves, and came out the other side.  There were seven children in that hospital. Nobody else. It was a planned campaign by Mladic and the Serbs to terrorize the Moslem community.  So let me tell you. If your moral center is oil, I understand you. If your moral center is humanity, there is no comparing the restoration of the Emir of Kuwait with the ending of genocide in Bosnia.  But there is only one exit strategy, I say, Mr. President, there is only one.  I hope the President, with all due respect, means it. That we will not be able to leave unless--what Bob Dole, Joe Biden, Joe Lieberman, and a whole bunch of others insist be in this resolution--the Bosnian Government is armed and prepared to defend itself. That is the ticket home for Americans.  There is a moral reason for this. There is a U.S. interest. It is not the best way to do it, but, as Senators, we only get to choose among the bad ways offered to us. It is worth doing.  In this Christmas season, as I saw off the first group to go to Bosnia from Dover Air Force Base, the only thing I could think to say is ``thank you; watch where you walk--there are a million landmines--and God bless you. I am telling you, you are doing something right but you are being put in a position that is not the one you should have been put in in order to accomplish it.'' It is a hell of a way to send them off, but we have no choice, it seems to me, to meet our moral obligation and our national vital interest.  Mr. President, after nearly 4 years of indifference, half-measures, national policies of European governments pursued in the garb of international peacekeeping, and other sophistries devoid of moral content, the western world has finally been moved to put an end to the murderous fighting that has left Bosnia and Herzegovina in ruins.  While the dilly-dallying has gone on, more than a quarter-million Bosnians of various ethnic and religious affiliation have been killed, and an additional 2\1/2\ million persons--over half the total population--have been driven from their homes.  But, Mr. President, numbers alone cannot begin to convey the savagery, the barbarity, the depravity that has reigned in this small balkan country.  There have been wars since time immemorial, many on a larger scale than the war in Bosnia. There have been refugee flights in other countries that dwarf the Bosnian numbers.  This century has seen the Jewish Holocaust, the Armenian Genocide, the murderous collectivation of Ukraine, and the killing fields of Cambodia. So, Mr. President, I suppose cynics might say that we have become hardened to the unspeakable.  Yet what has happened in Bosnia and Herzegovina not only has had components of the other horrors the 20th-century, it has actually added a diabolical new feature: The unprecedented, centrally planned campaign of mass rape that the Bosnian Serbs have used as a calculated weapon of terror designed to demoralize Bosnian Moslem communities.  Mr. President, why was this allowed to happen? To help answer this question, let me offer a piece of counter-factual analysis that I have delivered before on this Senate floor:  ``What if'' a Moslem-dominated Bosnia-Herzegovina had attacked a peaceful orthodox Christian Serbia, carried out barbaric atrocities against Serbian civilians, and then proudly announced that its policy of ethnic cleansing had been successful--would Christian Europe then have sat idly by, conjuring up excuse after excuse for not halting the cruel and cowardly aggression?  Mr. President, I think the answer is self-evident.  European Jewry was yesterday's victim. The Bosnian Moslems are today's. If we let the barbarism in Bosnia stand, who knows who will be tomorrow's?  Now at last, thanks to the belated--nonetheless, praiseworthy--leadership of the United States, we stand on the verge of a massive international effort designed to put a stop to the depravity, to try to restore a modicum of normal, civilized life to that sorry land.  I fear that the chances for success are a long-shot. But Mr. President, make no mistake about it: if the United States does not continue to lead this effort, the chances for even a semblance of peace in Bosnia are zero.  And yet the choice is not an easy one. Like almost every other decision concerning foreign policy that a U.S. Senator has to make, our choice about whether to support President Clinton's decision to deploy 20,000 American troops to Bosnia as part of the international peace implementation force known as I-FoR is a reactive one.  The U.S. Congress rarely gets to formulate policy. We cannot, and should not, write arms control treaties or other international agreements. Most of the time we are asked to react to proposed solutions that are far from ideal, perhaps not even the best. But often these solutions, however risky they may be, are nonetheless better than not acting at all.  That is exactly how I feel about the proposed deployment of U.S. troops in the I-FoR. For more than 3 years, since September 1992, I have been calling for lifting the illegal and unjust arms embargo against the Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the victim of Serbian aggression, no matter what our European allies think about such a decision.  Concurrently, I have called for striking from the air at the offending Serbs while the Bosnian Government was building up its own military strength.  Finally, I have advocated making clear to the Government of Serbia that it would suffer massive air strikes upon its territory across the Drina River if it increased its assistance to the Bosnian Serb aggressors.  Moreover, the Biden Amendment, which I introduced in 1992, and which was successively approved by Congress in 1993 and 1994, authorized assistance to Bosnia through a drawdown of up to $50 million of Defense Department weapons stocks and other military equipment. This year's foreign operations conference report has increased this figure to $100 million. As soon as the President receives and signs the foreign operations appropriations bill, he will be able to use this source any time upon termination of the arms embargo.  Up until 1 month ago this policy that I proposed remained, I am convinced, the best option open to the United States. It would have created the conditions of military parity in Bosnia and Herzegovina that are essential for maintaining a lasting peace.  Then came the talks at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. The peace agreement that emerged from those talks is not perfect--no international agreement ever is--but we have to deal with the situation now at hand.  Let me take this occasion to congratulate Secretary of State Christopher and his negotiating team for their tireless efforts that achieved what no one else had been able to accomplish for 3\1/2\ years: a multilateral agreement that offers the only real promise of ending the worst bloodshed in Europe since World War II. It is a highly significant achievement, which brings great credit to the United States of America.   Yet Secretary Christopher, Secretary of Defense Perry, and General Shalikashvili would be the first to add that the Dayton Accords are still only a building block for the structure of peace for the former Yugoslavia, which remains to be put into place.  Let me underscore that the involvement of American ground troops in the peace enforcement effort--the solution less preferable than the lift-and-strike policy I have consistently advocated--in no way lessens the necessity of equipping and training the Bosnian Federation's army in order to allow it to defend itself when all foreign peace implementation forces leave. The bipartisan resolution specifically mentions this point.  So I would like also to be perfectly clear that if the administration had not assured that this equipping and training would take place--if not by uniformed U.S. military personnel, then by contractors--I would not support the participation of U.S. ground troops in the I-FoR. Third countries may, of course, also contribute weapons and training to the Federation, but a failure of Americans to take the lead in this effort would quite simply be a prescription for a prolonged involvement of our ground forces in Bosnia, a policy which the American people will not countenance.  President Clinton's outstanding televised speech to the Nation went a long way toward explaining to the American people the rationale for, and mission of our troops in the I-FoR. I do not take issue with any of the President's arguments.  Above all, I would emphasize to those who wish to restrict America's involvement abroad that the choice facing us is not between a risky foreign mission and the status quo. If the United States does not participate in--or more precisely, lead--the I-For, I am convinced that the war will re-ignite, escalate, probably spread, and open the door for a radical destabilization of southern Europe. And that most assuredly is in our vital national interest to prevent.  Finally there is the issue of American leadership in NATO and in the larger community of civilized nations. I have long criticized some of our European allies, first for their utilization of the purposefully hamstrung U.N. peacekeeping operation in order not to take the militarily resolute measures that could have stopped the Serbs in their tracks in 1991, and second for their obstinate unwillingness to allow NATO--principally American--air power to cripple the Bosnian Serb war machine.  It took the massacre in the Sarajevo market at the end of August and the withdrawal of the hobbled European peacekeepers, for us finally to overrule our timorous European friends.  Yet, Mr. President, the President of the United States has given his pledge of American troops; the United States was the driving force in crafting the Dayton accords; and our credibility as the leader of NATO is on the line. Bosnia has revealed strains within NATO that must be addressed, but this is not the time to exacerbate the tensions. Moreover, France has just re-entered the alliance's integrated military command, a sign that a successful operation in Bosnia may bode well for a stronger NATO in the future.  Some of the opponents of our involvement have trotted out the cliche that the United States cannot be the ``world's policeman.'' Well, of course we can't solve every crisis everywhere. But as President Clinton said in his television speech, that obvious fact does not mean that we cannot help anywhere.  The slaughter, rape, and destruction in Bosnia and Herzegovina should be an affront to the sensibilities of every American. The I-For mission at the very least will give the brutalized people of that land a last chance to stop the killing and to re-enter the world community.  For all these reasons, then, our participation in the operation is vital. There are, however, serious risks associated with sending our troops to Bosnia, and it is incumbent upon the administration to explain how we are planning to minimize them. These risks include:  Millions of lethal mines, which will probably be hidden by snow for several months;  The brutal Balkan winter that makes driving hazardous;  Irregular forces, foreign extremists, and other rogue elements that may specially target American troops; and  The likelihood that an armed, hostile Bosnian Serb populace in several locations could both harbor attackers and engage in disruptive activity itself.  From administration testimony in hearings before the Foreign Relations Committee, I am satisfied that these concerns have been thoroughly analyzed, and counter measures developed to the fullest extent possible.  Last Friday at 5 o'clock in the morning, I went to Dover Air Force Base in my State of Delaware to personally say good-bye to a detachment of our troops as they embarked for Bosnia. They are as fine a group of American men and women as has ever represented the Armed Forces of this country. Every possible precaution must be taken to lessen the threat to their person as they carry out their duties in Bosnia. In this regard, I emphasize that the robust rules of engagement for our troops must not be altered under any circumstances.  In larger terms, I believe that the criteria for the mission's success and a responsible exit strategy must be delineated even more clearly than has already been done. For example, is the absence of serious conflict after 1 year sufficient progress to warrant a declaration of mission accomplished?  Stated more precisely, will we withdraw our ground troops after precisely 1 year even if the envisioned democratic institutions of the Bosnian central government are not yet functioning? If so, will other international units remain for a longer period?  My own belief is that the I-For mission should be limited to creating the basic conditions for democratic institution-building to take place. There must be no mission creep for our military forces.  Yet if the civilian aspects of the agreement do not proceed, then the American troops and their international colleagues will have served in vain. Hence, a premium must be put on coordinating the mission of the American military force with the work of the international civilian agencies preparing to implement the electoral, refugee, and humanitarian aspects of the Dayton accords.  But it may well be unrealistic to expect construction of a working democracy in 365 days or less. Therefore, plans must be drawn up immediately for a ``follow-on'' force to remain in Bosnia after the United States troops leave. My strong feeling is that this force should be led by our European NATO allies, augmented by units of European neutrals with experience in peacekeeping operations.  Finally, let me repeat once again the absolute necessity of creating a balance of military strength on the ground so that when the international peacekeepers are withdrawn, the federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina will not be vulnerable to renewed attack.  The peace settlement is far from perfect. There is no guarantee that it will be implemented. The involvement of American ground forces means--although I pray I am wrong--that casualties and fatalities are likely to occur.  But, as I have indicated, we live in a highly imperfect world. To do nothing would be to invite larger problems in the future that would require a much riskier and bloodier American involvement.  If the conditions I have outlined are met: retention of very robust rules of engagement for our troops; no mission creep for our troops; but close coordination of the I-For with international civilian efforts in Bosnia; a United States lead in coordinating arming and training the army of the federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina; and a finely drawn set of criteria for mission success.  Then I believe that President Clinton's policy deserves the support of the Congress. The President has promised to meet these conditions. Therefore, I will vote for the bipartisan resolution, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.  