 President, our securities laws have served this country well for more than 60 years. Remember, the 1933 and 1934 securities acts were borne out of the 1929 stock market crash. Yet, the bill we are debating would topple our well-founded securities laws.  I oppose the so-called Securities Litigation Reform Act--not because I do not think we need some reforms--but, because by supposedly discouraging frivolous lawsuits, this legislation would discourage legitimate suits too.  Let us be honest. Most corporate executives and plaintiff lawyers are responsible. What we should do is target and penalize those who abuse the system. But, we should not close the courthouse door to the many, in an attempt to reform the abuses of the few.  In an effort to fix abuses, this legislation strips safeguards that protect millions of average Americans whose pensions are invested in security plans. The result of which will be to let white collar criminals go free.  I fought for 7 long years in this Chamber to pass a tough, smart, balanced crime bill. And I stood on this floor with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle as we debated who could be tougher on crime.  Yet, here we stand today, debating a bill to give white collar crooks in three-piece suits a free ride. This so-called Private Securities Litigation Reform Act is about white collar crime.  This is about law and order. The financial losses victims suffer can wipe them out.  I realize that securities laws are complex, but the devastating impact of this legislation is simple:  It impacts our senior citizens--with 3 out of 4 seniors relying on investment income to meet some of their day-to-day living expenses.  It impacts police, firefighters, teachers, and labor and automobile union members whose pensions are invested in securities.  Whether you live in a small town or a big city, if you are a small or large investor, this legislation affects you.  I have several major concerns with this legislation. First, investors would have to prove that a corporation made a falsehood with a clear intent to deceive. That's incredibly tough to prove. Under current law, investors must show that unreasonable or reckless predictions of a corporation's performance misled investors. If this bill becomes law, however, companies could get away with making misleading, even fraudulent, statements about their earnings.  Second, accountants, auditors, lawyers, and underwriters are given a free ride--they can escape liability even if they go along with a fraudulent scheme. Some have compared that to giving the driver of a getaway car immunity from prosecution for an armed robbery.  Third, the bill fails to modestly extend the statute of limitations for investment fraud suits, which currently is too short. Instead of a 1- to 3-year statute of limitation, we should give defrauded investors 2 to 5 years. That's reasonable--and it would give victims more time to file suit so that a guilty party does not dodge liability.  Finally, this bill wipes out joint and several liability--leaving crime victims holding an empty bag and unable to get their money back.  We hear a lot of rhetoric about the attack of the vulture lawyers--preying on corporations, stockbrokers, and accountants. But what about vulnerable investors?  Some unfounded lawsuits are filed. Some lawyers do make too much from a suit--leaving defrauded investors too little. But, this massive bill--pushed through with such little examination, without a proper hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee to assess its impact on our judicial system--is not the answer.  Let us protect the small investor--not let white collar criminals go unpunished. If we pass this bill, mark my words, we will be back here in 2, 3, 4 years undoing it. There will be another Orange County--another huge insider trading scandal--millions of defrauded Americans, parents, hard-working men and women--who will have no recourse and no hope for reimbursement if we let this bill become law.  There is a way to deal with the abuses in securities litigation. I am a cosponsor of a bill introduced by Senators Bryan and Shelby, S. 667, the Private Securities Enforcement and Improvements Act of 1995.  In response to the criticism that securities litigation suits are initiated by professional plaintiffs, the Bryan-Shelby bill would require plaintiff class representatives to certify their complaints, outline their interest in the pending litigation, and list any securities suits they might have filed in the prior 12 months.  The Bryan-Shelby bill also would require that multiple securities class actions brought against the same defendant be consolidated and that a lead counsel be agreed upon by the various plaintiffs, or appointed by the court if no such agreement can be reached.  I believe these new requirements for certification of complaints and the new case management procedures would improve the securities litigation process, without resorting to the extreme measures in the Dodd-Domenici bill, which will shut the courthouse door to millions of valid claims.  The Bryan-Shelby bill also includes a reasonable extension of the statute of limitations for securities liability actions and would restore liability for aiding and abetting if an accountant or lawyer knowingly or recklessly provided substantial assistance to another person in violation of the securities laws.  Mr. President, I commend my colleagues, Senators Sarbanes, Bryan, and Boxer, for leading the effort to improve the Dodd-Domenici bill. Unfortunately, however, we were only able to get a couple amendments approved.  I appreciate my colleagues support--on both sides of the aisle--for my amendment that will maintain a civil RICO action against anyone who has been criminally convicted of securities fraud, thereby tolling the statute of limitations for such a RICO action until the final disposition of the criminal case.  I urge my colleagues to vote against S. 240. To supporters of this bill, I say, OK, you have the Nation's attention now. Let's go back to the drawing board and draft a more reasonable approach based upon the Bryan-Shelby bill to curb the relatively small number of frivolous securities lawsuits without dismantling the entire existing securities litigation process.  