 President, I state the obvious. The Senate has begun debate on a proposed amendment to the Constitution. This is, as it ought to be, a solemn moment in the life of our Constitution, for what we debate today, and I expect in the following weeks, is whether to change, alter, or modify the basic document of governance that we have operated under.   [[Page S1817]] Since 1791, the year the Bill of Rights was ratified, Members of Congress have introduced over 10,000 proposed amendments to the Constitution. Admittedly, the new Republican majority is making their weight felt here. We have not only this amendment, but I do not know how many more to amend the Constitution. But there have been over 10,000 proposed amendments to our Constitution. Of those 10,000 since 1791, we in Congress have approved just 22. And, of the 22, just 17 have been ratified by three-quarters of the States and have become part of the Constitution.  We stand here again this year confronting one of our most profound constitutional responsibilities as we consider a change in our fundamental charter. It is one of the glories of the U.S. Constitution that it has been so resilient. Its authors' insight into human behavior and political institutions have proved accurate from our early years as an outpost on the coast of the new world to our current status of a space-aged superpower.  Few changes have been necessary to permit the Constitution to keep pace with our social, economic, and technological revolutions that have transformed our Nation since its founding. But in recent decades, we have faced the problem that we do not seem to be able to solve. We cannot balance our budget, or, more correctly, we will not. And to put it in even sharper focus, I think it is much less important that our budget be balanced. There is nothing magic about the budget being balanced. But what is critically important is that our deficit continue to decline, and that we have a small deficit, if any deficit at all.  At the beginning of the Reagan administration, we swerved from the course that had, since the end of World War II, shrunk the national debt, and we turned onto a path that has led us to where we are today; the so-called Laffer curve. Speaking of ``Laffers,'' it is probably the ultimate ``Laffer''--the ``Laffer curve.'' Many of us have worked to impose disciplines needed to restrain the temptation to spend beyond what we tax.  (