 President, I rise today to oppose, in the strongest terms possible, H.R. 1058--inappropriately titled the ``Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.'' This bill has nothing to do with reform in the normal sense of the term. Rather, the bill is about protection from liability for fraud--pure and simple. The bill is the worst kind of special interest legislation that the American public is sick and tired of.  It will give corporations a license to lie to investors and will severely restrict the ability of defrauded investors to recover their hard-earned dollars from the unscrupulous and reckless individuals and corporations who swindled them.  Six months ago, I stood on the Senate floor and urged my colleagues to oppose this bill in its earlier incarnation because--put simply--it was a bad bill. Because it was a bad bill, every major consumer group, State attorneys general, State and county treasurers, mayors, finance officers, labor unions, the American Association of Retired Persons, the National League of Cities, educators, and hundreds of other nations, State, and local organizations, opposed the bill.  It is easy to understand why when you consider that a city like San Francisco has over $8 billion in pension funds and other investments and when more than 60 State and local governments nationwide have lost more than $3.6 billion in securities markets, partly due to derivative investments.  Despite the tremendous opposition to H.R. 1058, which was a bad bill in June, it is a worse bill now. Therefore, I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose it.  What is most disturbing about this bill is the impact that it will have on what are often the forgotten Americans--that is, average middle-class Americans.  At a time when job and wage insecurity are at all-time highs, and family budgets are straining at the seams, middle-class Americans have begun investing their hard-earned dollars in stocks in record numbers. In fact, as the Washington Post reported just a few days ago, securities have supplanted real estate as the No. 1 source of family nest eggs.  Middle-class Americans believe they must invest because there may not be a decent pension when they retire--either they will be let go too soon because of corporate down-sizing or their company, to which they have been loyal, will not be there 20 or 30, or even 10 years from now.  Middle-class Americans also want to invest for the future because they aren't sure that Social Security or Medicare will be there for them in their later years when they are most vulnerable.  Last, middle-class Americans believe they must invest to ensure that their children are able to receive an education that provides them with the essential skills to enable them to become productive and integral participants in what will be an extremely competitive and global work force in the 21st century.  Because middle-class Americans recognize the need to secure and protect their financial futures, they have entered to stock market directly--or through mutual funds--to such a degree that the most significant asset held by American families today is not their home, but their 401(k) plan. Today, assets in 401(k) plans total more than $500 billion. Assets in investment retirement accounts total more than $1 trillion. The majority of these funds are in stocks.  Under these circumstances, this Nation's two primary securities laws--the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934--have become even more, not less, important.  The principal philosophy governing these two laws--enacted more than 60 years ago after the stock market crash of 1929, caused largely by a crisis of confidence due to unregulated fraudulent stock promotion--is that investors and prospective investors should have access to all material information about corporations that offer securities so that the public can make informed investment decisions and that honest markets should be maintained by strong antifraud enforcement.  At a time when middle-class Americans are investing in record numbers because they believe they must, the U.S. Congress should be strengthening the most fundamental protections for investors in our securities laws, not gutting them. Yet, gutting these laws is exactly what this bill does.  This bill strikes a severe blow to the heart of the middle class. Let me tell you about just a few of the devastating provisions in this bill.  One of the most outrageous provisions in this bill is the safe harbor provision. This provision, by providing broad immunity from liability for fraudulent corporate predictions and projections, essentially gives corporations a license to lie. This provision is much worse than the safe harbor provision in the Senate bill.  The Senate bill language that made knowingly fraudulent defendants ineligible for the safe harbor was eliminated. Now, under this bill, deliberately fraudulent statements, written or oral, as long as they are accompanied by cautionary language, will be immunized from private liability. Let me repeat--this bill protects deliberately fraudulent statements.  Let me give you a frightening but likely scenario that could occur under the safe harbor provision in this bill: In an effort to entice unsuspecting consumers to purchase stock, company X makes a bunch of optimistic and fraudulent predictions about how great a new product will perform and how the company's profits will increase because of the manufacture of this new product. The company gets its lawyers and accountants to vouch for the representations.  Based on these rosy predictions, your uncle, your grandmother, your sister's teacher's union, your church, and the State of California decide to purchase the stock. All of them wind up losing their money when the fraud is exposed. Your grandmother believes the company should not be able to get away with lying to her. The company's lawyers argue, however, that even though there were fraudulent statements, there was a paragraph of cautionary language in some filing at the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under this bill, grandma loses, all the swindled investors lose, and the fraudulent company and its lawyers and accountants win.  This is absolutely outrageous. And it's just one example of the many anti-investor provisions in this bill.  To add insult to injury, this bill also fails to restore traditional aiding and abetting liability for securities fraud in private actions. Thus, lawyers, accountants, and others who turn a blind eye to the fraudulent activity of their clients, or who recklessly aid and abet their clients, will be let off scott free.  The bill also dramatically erodes the doctrine of joint and several liability and moves to a system of proportionate liability. The bottom line for an investor is that under this bill, if a corporate defendant is found guilty of fraud and goes bankrupt, the victim will not be able to recover all of his losses. In essence, what this bill does is determine, as policy matter, that it is more important to protect adjudged wrongdoers from having to pay more than their strict proportion of the harm than it is to protect the innocent victims of fraud.  Another of the troubling provisions in this bill, is the one which adopts a higher pleading standard than was in the Senate bill--higher in fact than the standard adopted by the second circuit--which is currently the highest standard in the land.  As my colleague Senator Specter discussed earlier, it was Senator Specter who offered an amendment that clarified that the heightened pleading standard in the Senate bill could be satisfied by evidence of a defendant's motive and opportunity to commit securities fraud. The current version of this bill, however, eliminates the language in the Specter amendment.  This bill is also worse than the Senate bill because it imposes a mandatory loser-pays fee shifting penalty under rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure that is harsher on plaintiffs than on defendants.  Under current law, rule 11 gives courts the discretion to impose sanctions for pleadings and motions that are unwarranted, without evidentiary support, or otherwise abusive.  The Senate bill required courts to determine whether any party violated rule 11 and to presume that the appropriate penalty for violating rule 11 is fee shifting. Under the Senate bill, the party who violated rule 11 would have to pay the opposing party's legal fees incurred as a direct result of the violation.  The bill on the floor today is worse than the Senate bill because it unfairly increased the penalty imposed against plaintiffs who are found to have violated rule 11 while not doing so for defendants who are found to have violated rule 11. The presumptive penalty for plaintiffs is have to pay all of the defendant's legal fees and costs incurred in the entire action.  Proponents of this bill claim that the bill is balanced and fair. Is this provision balanced or fair? Not by any stretch of the imagination.  This bill, unlike the Senate bill, also adopts a provision, modeled on the House bill, that may require plaintiffs to post a bond to cover a possible fee-shifting penalty. Moreover, there is no limitation on the amount of the bond. This could be a major obstacle for individual victims or their attorneys in bringing a meritorious action against a large corporation defendant. The bill also fails to restore an adequate statute of limitations for private securities fraud actions, and gives the greatest control in cases to the wealthiest plaintiffs.  Lastly, as someone who has long sought to do what he could to combat crimes of all kind, I also find it incredible that language in the Senate bill concerning the application of our RICO laws in securities fraud cases has been almost eliminated entirely.  Under an amendment I offered, the Senate bill allowed the RICO statute to be used in a securities fraud civil case if at least one person in the civil case has been criminally convicted. Under this bill, RICO could only be used in the civil case against the person who was actually criminally convicted.  The safe harbor, proportionate liability, pleading, aiding and abetting, fee-shifting, and RICO provisions, are bad enough alone, but together, they will actually encourage the kind of conduct our securities laws were designed to eliminate.  I am sure that there is not one Member in this body who does not want to bring an end to all frivolous lawsuits, not just shareholder lawsuits. Yet, the legislation before us today is not the answer--it is far from it.  Indeed, the managing editor of Money magazine, the largest financial publication in the United States, with over 10 million, largely middle-class readers, said it well when he stated, and I quote:       At a time when massive securities fraud has become one of      this country's growth industries, this law would cheat      victims out of whatever chance they may have of getting their      money back . . . in the final analysis, this legislation . .      . would actually be a grand slam for the sleaziest element of      the financial industry, at the expense of ordinary citizens.  The president of the Fraternal Order of Police said it best, however, when, in his letter to the President urging him to veto the bill, he stated:       Mr. President, our 270,000 members stand with you in your      commitment to a war on crime; the men and women of the      Fraternal Order of Police are the foot soldiers in the war.      On their behalf, I urge you to reject a bill which would make      it less risky for white collar criminals to steal from police      pension funds while the police are risking their lives      against violent criminals!  I urge my colleagues to heed these words.  