 President, I rise to speak to this amendment.  Mr. President, my colleague from Delaware and I are often suspect when it comes to Amtrak since we are such daily users. So I want a full disclosure to acknowledge that, if I had my way, we would be dealing with Amtrak in a way far beyond what this amendment does.  I think we should be setting up a trust fund for Amtrak. I think we should be dealing with it very differently than we are. But, Mr. President, the amendment that the Senator from Delaware, Senator Roth, and I have is much more modest in its approach, and it is not designed to be a long-term solution for Amtrak's financial problems. They are going to have to come from the internal restructuring which Senator Roth referred to that is already under way and from a clearly defined, in my view, dedicated source of funds to support its capital needs the way we provide capital for highways and airports in other systems.  I would just like to note for the record that we subsidize airports and highways on a per passenger basis considerably more than we do Amtrak. It is not even close. And the single most environmentally sound thing we could do and, from a safety standpoint, the single most significant thing we can do is have a real passenger rail service system in the United States. I might add there is not one single passenger rail service system in the world that is self-sufficient; not one in the whole world.  But that is another argument. We are not here today to correct the problems of Amtrak. We are here to try to deal with an inequity that exists that in effect prejudices Amtrak in a way no other means of transportation, including pedestrian paths and bike paths, are prejudiced.  I believe there has been some misunderstanding about the proposal which Senator Roth and I have, and possibly we will see some of that in the debate today.  But let me begin by briefly explaining what this amendment will not do. It will not spend a dime of additional money. It will not spend a dime of additional money, State or Federal. It will not require any State in the Nation to spend any funds on Amtrak.  There is no mandate, no requirement. It will not change any formula for the allocating of transportation funds among the States. It will not affect the amount of annual Federal transportation funds that States now receive. It will not do any of those things.  So that your State, for Senators who are listening and the staffs who are listening, will not in any way be affected in terms of the amount of money, percentage of money, source of money that is now received.  But let us look at what it will do.  Mr. President, the bottom line is that this amendment simply permits the States to use funds they already qualify for in a way that is not currently permitted.  Under this proposal, States will be given the discretion to include intercity rail service, which is another way of saying Amtrak, among the transportation options available to their citizens. Current restrictions on the use of Federal transportation funds will be removed, and Governors around this country will be able to use those funds that they now get under the present formula as they see fit, including supporting intercity rail service provided by Amtrak if that is what they choose to do.  In very congested areas, particularly in the urban corridors along the east and west coasts, but also in other areas, adding some more highways is simply not an economic option. For example, in our State of Delaware, were Amtrak to shut down, the idea of building another I-95 through our State--our State is not wide enough to take another I-95. We cannot handle another system that is that large in terms of our air quality, in terms of our land resources available to us, and in every other way. It makes no sense.  By the way, I might add, I will put in the Record at a later time what the effect on my State and the Northeast corridor would be if there were no Amtrak and what the effect would be on [[Page S 8765]] the airports of the east coast were there no Amtrak.  The fact is that this option is not only an option that should be made available to States with a great deal of congestion--keeping an Amtrak route open on an existing rail right of way is much more cost effective, safer and cleaner than buying land and constructing even one more lane on a major interstate highway. The interstate highway is already there. It is called the right of way that Amtrak has. There is already a rail bed. And what is happening now because of cost containment, we are cutting the number of trains we put on that rail bed. We are cutting them, reducing the number of people who can use that mode of transportation and putting them on highways or in planes, both of which cause additional congestion.  The increased flexibility provided by this amendment is fully consistent with the major goal of the National Highway System bill before us today and with so-called ISTEA, the landmark legislation that calls for a National Highway System designation.  Mr. President, the need for this enhanced State flexibility is clear. In recent months, under the leadership of Amtrak's president, Tom Downs, Amtrak has undertaken, as Senator Roth has said, a major downsizing and restructuring to reduce and eventually eliminate its dependence on Federal operating subsidies.  Now, again, I wish to make it clear I do not think it should have to do as much as it is doing. I think it is counterproductive. But the fact is they are given a mandate. They are told, by the way, this all ends in a year certain. And Downs has gone out there and done what he has had to do. He has fired thousands of employees. He has cut the number of trains going into various States. He has reduced costs.  This is a mandate set out in both the House and Senate budget resolutions, which, I might add, I voted against, but it is there. That is likely to be the law.  The first stage of this progress made by Mr. Downs was announced last December with major route eliminations taking effect in April. And President Downs heard from an awful lot of folks on this floor saying: Why did you cut the train out of my State? Why did you cut it out of my State? Why do I not have this access? And the answer is because we decided that we are not going to have the national rail transportation system that we should have. We are cutting the budget.  Well, he did his part. He has cut and eliminated routes. Frequency reductions on selected routes throughout the country will be completed by this coming October. That is a euphemism for saying if you have three trains coming through your State now, you may have one coming through your State by October. These steps have reduced by 20 percent the route miles previously served by Amtrak. And as a result many commuters across the country find themselves with little or none of the Amtrak service that they once had depended upon. All of a sudden Governors who thought this was a good idea and even some of my colleagues in the Senate who thought it was a good idea are realizing how important Amtrak was to them. The Governors of those States where these cuts took place know that intercity rail is an important option for small towns without air service as well as for congested commuter corridors. They know that intercity rail supports commerce as an important component of the modern national transportation system and in some States particularly their tourism.  That is why States are seeking ways to use the funds, the CMAQ funds referred to earlier, to meet congestion mitigation and air quality goals, to support Amtrak rather than to deal with having to build more highways. Under current law, that is not an option. Under current law, they are not allowed to do that.  I have here, Mr. President, a letter from Governors Dean of Vermont, Thompson of Wisconsin, Engler of Michigan, and Carper of Delaware, which I will not repeat. It was already put into the Record by my colleague from Delaware.  Mr. President, among the authors of this letter are Governors who have already committed their own State's general revenue to support intercity rail routes at the same time they have surpluses in Federal transportation programs that are prohibited because they are prohibited from using Amtrak services.  In other words, their citizens pay into the highway trust fund x amount of dollars. They get them back. Because they do not want to build more highways, they cannot use them so they have to send them back to the trust fund, not to the taxpayers, not to those folks--back into the trust fund. And they say, why can we not use that money to meet the needs in our State, the transportation needs and the air quality needs, et cetera?  States that have confirmed the importance of Amtrak runs include California, Illinois, Michigan, Missouri, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Vermont--the list goes on.  Mr. President, virtually every advanced industrial nation in the world has found intercity passenger rail service to be essential. All of our major competitors and trading partners provide some level of financial support to assure that the benefits of passenger rail, which include less congestion and less construction of highways and airports, are available to them.  There are tourists here listening to this today from other countries. One of the often heard marvels is, well, I was in Paris; I was in Tokyo; I got in a spotless train that went 190--in one case 300--miles per hour and it got me from A to B, and it was economical, and it could, and it worked, et cetera. Why does the greatest nation in the world not have that?  Well, the greatest nation in the world does not have that because we have devalued intercity rail service.  Our amendment today does not solve the overall problem, but it does provide those Governors that I mentioned and others the means, if they choose, to support Amtrak routes important to their States. With the tools provided by this proposal, States will be empowered to make more efficient decisions about the mix of transportation services that best meet their citizens' needs.  Now, if the Governor of a State says, ``I do not want any part of any Amtrak service,'' fine. That is up to the State. Let them make that choice. Mr. President, this amendment would help those States and others maximize the effectiveness of their transportation dollars. Specifically, it makes Amtrak an eligible use for funds from the following areas:  The surface transportation program. Right now those funds may be used for most kinds of roads and highways as well as for capital costs, for bus terminals, for carpool projects, for bicycle and pedestrian facilities, for hiking paths, for bike paths. They can use the highway funds for all those things, but they cannot use it for Amtrak passenger rail service.  Our amendment would add intercity rail to that list, consistent with the aims of the program to support a fully integrated transportation network. This amendment also makes intercity rail an eligible use for the so-called CMAQ funds. This program--congestion mitigation and air quality is what the acronym stands for--this program is designed to help urban areas come into compliance with the Clean Air Act requirements.  Mr. President, Amtrak can cut down on congestion and carry the same number of people with less pollution than cars on the highways. Surely this would be an appropriate use of those funds, a use currently denied the States.  In addition to those provisions, Mr. President, this amendment would permit States to enter into interstate compacts in support of Amtrak services. Logically, it may require coordinated efforts among a number of States to make a regional passenger railroad possible. Those States could use the funds from the program I just listed or make use of bonding authority under the compact to support intercity rail services. In every instance, this proposal is consistent with the goals of the ISTEA, so-called ISTEA. And in an important sense, this amendment simply removes the inconsistencies in the earlier legislation.  When ISTEA was enacted in 1991, Mr. President, the major premise of that legislation was to remove inefficient and unnecessary hurdles in the way of our national transportation policy. Fundamental to that landmark legislation was the realization that all of the [[Page S 8766]] components of our transportation system, all of the various transportation modes, must be allowed to work together, each making its own appropriate contribution according to what the States believe are needed to do that.  In the end, ISTEA provided unprecedented flexibilities to States and localities to make use of Federal transportation funds to provide the mix most appropriate for local, State and regional transportation needs.  The amendment we are offering here today extends the irrefutable logic of that approach to intercity rail service making it eligible for Federal transportation funds. By opening up more options to State and local officials, by relieving congestion on our highways and in our airports, this amendment is fully consistent with the goals of ISTEA. I urge my colleagues to keep in mind that the very highway interests who argue against this amendment argued against all those other changes as well.  And I want my colleagues to please keep in mind, when they vote on this amendment, what this amendment does not do. It does not add a dime of additional money to State or Federal funds. It will not require the States to spend a single dime on Amtrak. It will not change any formula allocating transportation funds to your State. And it will not affect the amount of annual Federal transportation funds that your State will receive. It will merely give your State greater flexibility.  I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of the time.  