 President, I offer this amendment to restore $75 million in funding for the Justice Department programs contained in the Violence Against Women Act, and I am pleased that many of my colleagues, including Senator Gramm of Texas and Senator Hatch of Utah, are cosponsors of this amendment.  Of all the legislation I have ever worked on here in the Senate, this one--the Violence Against Women Act--has been my first priority and my proudest accomplishment. When it passed the Senate with overwhelming bipartisan support, I thought we were well on our way to making a significant commitment to the women of America. I though we made more than a paper commitment. But passing the law, without following through and providing the funding is meaningless.  For too long, we have looked the other way when it comes to this kind of violence. For too long, we have turned our back on the women injured by men who say they love them. For too long, we have considered this kind of violence a private misfortune rather than a public injustice.  Last year, we took a historic step in the right direction when we passed the Violence Against Women Act. We made a commitment to the women and children of this country. We said: We will no longer look the other way--the violence your suffer will no longer be yours alone. Help is on the way.  And just in case my colleagues have forgotten, let me once again remind them of the dimensions of this problem:  The No. 1 threat to the health of America's women is a violent attack at the hands of a man. It is not breast cancer, it's not heart attacks, it's not strikes. Its violence against women by men.  These attacks have many names. They are called rape, assault, felonies. And the attackers have many faces. They are friends, relatives, spouses, and strangers.  The statistics are terrifying:  Every 18 seconds, a woman is beaten by her spouse, boyfriend, or other intimate partner.  Every 5 minutes, a woman is raped.  Nearly two out of three female victims of violence are related to, or know, their attackers.  As many as 35 percent of all women who visit emergency rooms are there because of family violence.  This violence also takes a tragic toll on our children:  Three million children each year witness violence in their homes. Studies show that these kids are more likely to drop out of school; abuse alcohol and drugs; attempt suicide; and, sadly, grow up to be abusers themselves.  The violence women suffer reflects as much a failure of our Nation's collective moral conscience as it does the failure of our Nation's laws and regulations.  How else can we explain the results of a study of junior high school students conducted in Rhode Island a few years ago?  In the study, the students were asked: When does a man have the right to have sexual intercourse with a woman without her consent?  It seems like an outrageous question doesn't it? but 80 percent of the students said that a man had the right to use force on his wife, 70 percent said he had the right to use force if the couple was engaged, and 61 percent said force was OK if the couple had already had sexual relations, and 30 percent said force was justified if the man knew that the woman had had sex with other men.  And the appalling answers do not stop.  About 25 percent of the boys said it was OK to force sex on a girl if the boy had spent $10 on her--and, astoundingly, 20 percent of the girls who were interviewed agreed.  If these are the attitudes we have communicated to our youth, it is hardly surprising that we tolerate a level of violence against women unprecedented in our history.  Somehow, we seem to forget that a society suffers what it tolerates.  That's why we cannot retreat from the commitment we made last year with passage of the Violence Against Women Act. The act, let me remind my colleagues, has four basic goals: To make our streets and homes safer for women; to make the criminal justice system more responsive to women; to start changing attitudes--beginning with our kids--about violence against women; and to extend to women the equal protection of our Nation's laws.  The Senate, the House, and the President--we all agreed last year that Federal dollars should be committed to these goals. Specifically, we authorized funding to:  Hire more police and prosecutors specially trained and devoted to combating family violence;  Train police, prosecutors, and judges in the ways of family violence--so they can better understand and respond to the problem;  Implement tougher arrest policies, including mandatory arrest for anyone who violates a protection order--so that the burden of seeking an arrest does not fall on the women who may fear further violence;  Expand and improve victim-service programs and provide specially trained family violence court advocates;  Fund rape crisis centers and open more battered women shelters; and  Fund family violence education courses in our schools.  In the past 12 months, the Violence Against Women Act has already been put into action. In States and communities all across the county, Federal dollars are helping coalitions of police, prosecutors, judges, and victim service organizations work together--to make arrests, win convictions, secure tough sentences, and offer women the information and practical resources they need.  As many of you may already know, the first conviction and sentencing under the act took place recently in West Virginia.  It is a case about Christopher Bailey and his wife, Sonja, and it is enough to take your breath away. Christopher Bailey severely beat Sonja, forced her into the trunk of his car, and drove aimlessly across West Virginia and Kentucky for 6 days.  Sonja suffered massive head injuries and severe kidney and liver dysfunctions. Her face was black and blue, and her eyes were swollen shut. She had burn marks on her neck, wrists, and ankles.  Today, Sonja remains in a coma.  Christopher Bailey was convicted under a new provision in the Violence Against Women Act, and for kidnapping. Early this month he was sentenced to serve the rest of his days in prison.  Obviously, Bailey's conviction won't bring Sonja out of her coma. But it does send a clear message all across our land: violence against women will not be tolerated--it will be punished, and it will be punished severely.  Today, we here in the Senate must send that same message. We must keep the promise we made last year, and restore funding for the Justice Department programs authorized by the Violence Against Women Act.  Last year, the Congress authorized over $176 million for the Violence Against Women Act Justice Department programs. This bill as reported by committee cut more than $76 million from these programs.  The most devastating cut was made to the grant program at the heart of the act: The program to bring together State and local police, prosecutors, and victims advocates to target family violence and rape.  Last year, we authorized $130 million for that program. This bill only allocates $61 million--so $69 million dollars were cut from the police, prosecution, and victim services grants--that means more than 1 out of every 2 dollars were cut.  This is money for more police and prosecutors to crack down on violence against women; to train police, prosecutors, and judges so they can understand better and respond more effectively to violence against women; and to develop, enlarge and strengthen programs for victims of violence--like rape crisis centers, battered women's shelters, and special victim advocates.  This bill also cuts $1 million earmarked especially for rural areas to combat family violence, and the bill completely eliminated the $1.5 million targeted to combat stalking against women.  In restoring $75 million in funding for the Violence Against Women Act, this amendment does not take any new money out of the taxpayer's pockets. Instead, the money comes out of other places in the bill--where there's much more money appropriated than was requested by the President.  These cuts would have had a devastating impact on the lives of women and children in America. I am pleased that so many of my colleagues are joining me in restoring virtually all of the funding for the Violence Against Women Act.  Let me also point out: the Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, chaired by my distinguished friend and colleague from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, has recommended full funding for the Violence Against Women Act programs within the jurisdiction of the Department of Health and Human Services for rape education and prevention, domestic violence community demonstration projects, a domestic violence hotline, and battered women shelters.  In fact, recognizing the urgency of this problem, the subcommittee wrote in an additional $2.4 million for battered women shelters--shelters which serve as a refuge for women and their children when they are hurt and most vulnerable--and in greatest need of our compassion and support.  I applaud the subcommittee's efforts to honor the commitment that we made last year to the women and children of America. And I hope that when the HHS appropriations bill comes to the floor, the full Senate will honor that commitment as well.  But right here, right now, we must not retreat on the bill at hand. We cannot--we must not--turn back now. For too long, our society has turned its back on the nightmare that is violence against women.  Obviously, we cannot legislate humanity and kindness. And we cannot outlaw hatred and ignorance.  But we can help make America a safer place for women--and I call on everyone here to help do just that.  I hope all of my colleagues will join me in restoring full funding to the Violence Against Women Act programs. The women and children of America are counting on us.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Hollings be added as an original cosponsor, and Senator Kerry of Massachusetts, Senator Gramm of Texas is already the original cosponsor, Senator Hatch, Senator Boxer, Senator Wellstone, and others who will come to the floor I am sure who wish to be part of this amendment.  I ask unanimous consent that they be added.  