 President, I rise today to register my opposition to S. 908, the State Department authorization and reorganization bill. Before I begin briefly to state my reasons, let me compliment both the Senator from Massachusetts, Senator Kerry, and the chairman of the full committee. I compliment the chairman, my friend from North Carolina, for being a consummate legislative craftsman. He held us hostage very effectively for a long time. I do not think we would even be talking about this compromise bill were it not for the fact that the START Treaty was held up, that all the ambassadorial nominations were held up, and that we asked Senator Kerry on our behalf to see if he could free them up. It reminds me of those buttons we used to have around here when we would have long sessions, ``Free The 89th Congress'' or free this or free that.  Well, this was ``free the Ambassadors'' and ``free our national security'' so we could have the ability to continue to destroy Soviet nuclear weapons and continue the rational arms control regime that was begun with President Nixon and went straight through the administration of President Reagan.  This is not a backhanded compliment. I think one of the most fierce and effective legislative foes one could have in this body is the distinguished Senator from North Carolina. I do think, however, that the way my friend from North Carolina went about this one was unprecedented, and I hope it is not repeated.  On that score, I wish to make it clear to my friend from Massachusetts, Senator Kerry, why, after all his hard work, I am still opposed to this bill. He did a great job. We are going to have a START II Treaty, God willing and the creek not rising, and we are actually going to put ambassadors out there after the rest of the world wondered where the devil they were.  Let me say at the outset that I admire the skill of both the gentlemen who have brought us this agreement. I do not, however, admire the product that has been brought.  No one disputes the need to constantly scrutinize our Federal bureaucracy to look for overlaps and redundancies and opportunities for streamlining.  In this case, though, the three agencies that I will now mention will, in my view, be emasculated by this bill. The Agency for International Development and the United States Information Agency effectively are mandated for closing. Most important in my view is the supreme irony that just as we finally are allowed by the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee to free up the START II Treaty, this bill would severely cut the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency.  All of the three agencies I have just mentioned have been streamlining themselves and cutting overlapping functions. All three of them have already been taking a good, hard look at their missions and have been responding to changing circumstances.  The Agency for International Development, for example, has pioneered enterprise funds, which have created partnerships between the private sector and the Government.  USIA has attempted to utilize modern information technologies to spread the message of the United States to the rest of the world. It has also entered into local partnerships whenever possible to conserve funds.  Perhaps the biggest mystery to me is why the advocates of this bill think that the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency has outlived its usefulness. In the confusion of the current post-cold-war era, the danger of the proliferation of nuclear weapons has dramatically increased, not decreased--I repeat, dramatically increased.  Now more than ever, the critical independence of ACDA is needed to counter the natural tendency of the State Department to defer to bilateral relationships in sticky situations.  Another irony is that those proposing the cuts are the very ones who have been most critical of the State Department for allegedly having an instinct to become captives of the countries with which we deal.  ACDA has a proven track record of nonpolitical expertise, which we can ill-afford to lose at this time.  The situation at the State Department, which would absorb the agencies whose independence is to be sacrificed, is hardly any better. Mr. President, the Department of State, the principal vehicle for carrying out American foreign policy, has already been forced into debilitating reductions.  The international affairs budget is now 45 percent lower in real terms than it was in 1984. Altogether it represents only 1.3 percent of Federal spending. Over the past 3 years alone, the State Department's budget has been decreased in real terms by 15 percent at the same time the Department's responsibilities have increased with the emergence of new countries in the wake of the breakup of the former Soviet Union. Moreover, since 1993 there has been a 30-percent increase in passport issuances to U.S. citizens to travel abroad.  What has the result been? The State Department has taken the following actions to reduce the cost of conducting U.S. diplomatic and consular relations.  First, it has cut its total work force by 1,700 persons.  It has downsized the Senior Foreign Service by 19 percent. And here, Mr. President, I submit that we are wasting a precious national resource, the kind of expertise built up over the decades that in the short term simply cannot be replicated.  It has also reduced overseas allowances.  It has cut its administrative expenses by almost $100 million.  It has reduced expenditures on diplomatic security by 15 percent. And, Mr. President, I doubt anyone would claim that we live in a safer international environment.  It has had to cancel, which I find astounding, the 1995 Foreign Service examinations--I repeat, has had to cancel the 1995 Foreign Service examinations. That means, of course, that our country is cutting off any chance of attracting the best and the brightest of our college and university graduates into the diplomatic service this year. Talk about being penny-wise and pound-foolish. My goodness.  The State Department has been forced to slate 19 overseas posts for closure in fiscal year 1996. The list of these posts makes the hair of any internationally minded American stand on end. Permit me to elaborate a bit on this point, using Zurich, Switzerland, as an illustrative example of the folly that congressionally induced budget slashing has wrought. Zurich is, of course, Switzerland's largest city and its economic and financial center. In fact, it ranks as the world's fourth largest financial center. Many American multinational corporations have their regional headquarters there, including Dow, Kraft, General Motors, and many others. In the other direction, Switzerland was the second largest foreign direct investor in the United States in 1994.  So, Mr. President, what do we do? We close the consulate in Zurich, Switzerland, which does not make a lot of sense. I do not think it is a stretch to say that Zurich is a rather important city to American business. Apparently other countries also perceive Zurich's central position in international finance and trade; 59 other countries have consulates there. As one might expect, all of the other leading powers in the world have representation in Zurich, but smaller nations also consider it in their interest to be represented in Zurich--The Gambia, Lesotho, Mongolia, Nepal, Rwanda, the Republic of the Seychelles, Swaziland, Vanuatu. The list goes on.  Mr. President, with all due respect to our friends in The Gambia, Lesotho, Mongolia, Nepal, Rwanda, and so on, I find it rather incredible to believe that their governments can somehow find the funding that they need to keep consulates open in Zurich, and the United States of America, the world's only superpower and largest economic engine in the world, cannot. We cannot find the money to keep a consulate open in the vitally important city of Zurich, a consulate, I might add, that I have never visited.  But let me not be too Eurocentric, Mr. President. Another post slated for closing, thanks to congressional budgetary wisdom, is Medan, Indonesia. As you know, Indonesia, with a population of over 200 million people, is the fourth largest country in the world.  It is also the largest Moslem-majority nation on Earth. Its economy offers numerous opportunities for foreign investment. And Medan, after the capital Jakarta, is Indonesia's most important commercial center.  Other countries with consular offices in Medan include Belgium, Germany, Great Britain, India, Japan, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Norway, the Russia Federation, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Sweden, and Thailand. Why are they there? To do business.  So, Mr. President, after we take down the Stars and Stripes and close our consulate in Medan, what will happen when an American corporation eager to break into the Indonesian market goes to Medan? Our American corporate representative can walk down to the the Japanese consulate where the nice Japanese attache will undoubtedly be happy to help out with business contacts and other valuable information that the American corporation needs.  Although this bill is largely a creation of the majority party, there is plenty of blame to spread around. I regret to say that the administration, in its zeal to reinvent Government, has aided and abetted the feeding frenzy of the small Government ideologues.  To be fair, this bill can be viewed as but the logical culmination of a decade of denigrating the nonmilitary component of American foreign policy. Most of us, this Senator included, have voted for reductions in one area of foreign policy or another to spare what we deem to be more important programs.  But, Mr. President, this goes overboard. This bill goes far beyond what we have seen before. Previous cuts in the budget for carrying out our foreign policy, whether they were proven correct or not, were at least undertaken with a view toward strengthening the international role of the United States of America.  As I have demonstrated earlier, the agencies charged with executing our foreign policy have not been ``fat cats'' of the Federal budget, unwilling to change. On the contrary, Mr. President, they have absorbed massive cuts up to this point. I repeat, the international affairs budget is already, before we pass this bill, 45 percent in real terms below what it was in 1984. And as I have said, the State Department, USIA, ACDA, and AID have already implemented severe staff reductions. Moreover, we are talking about only 1.3 percent of Federal spending here.  So, Mr. President, I think it is totally false to assert either that our foreign policy agencies have not reformed themselves or that the very carrying out of our foreign policy is a ``big ticket'' item in the Federal budget.  No, Mr. President, the impetus for this proposed legislation is not rooted in demonstrated need. On the contrary, I am sorry to say, the bill has its genesis in a strain of isolationist thought that harkens back to the 1920's and 1930's, which many of us thought was but an unpleasant memory.  By imposing crippling budget cuts on three foreign affairs agencies that have served this country well for decades: the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, the Agency for International Development, and the U.S. Information Agency, I think this bill virtually assures their demise. That is part of the bill's purpose.  Moreover, Mr. President, the State Department, which would inherit the remains of those agencies, would itself be forced into yet another round of devastating cuts. Some of those consequences, as I have earlier indicated, would be absurdly funny were they not so tragic.  Mr. President, this bill represents backdoor isolationism pure and simple. At a time when international affairs has become more complex, its passage would signal to the world an American desire to simplify what cannot be simplified.  Combined with Republican-mandated cuts in the already meager foreign assistance budget, this bill would lead ineluctably in a few years to a situation in which the American President would have little choice in an international crisis between doing nothing and sending in the military. This bill, I believe, is the worst kind of ideologically-driven false economy. It is a dressed-up isolationist exercise. It is not worthy of a country that claims the mantle of world leadership.  I know that many of my colleagues share my deep misgivings about this Congress' evident desire to shrink America's international role. Opposition to this bill offers an opportunity to reassert the centrality of America's involvement in the world. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against S. 908.  I yield the floor.  