 But he had the bill for months and months before we started the appropriations process.  I do not stand for that reason. I rise to speak to an amendment that I have. Let me very briefly describe it before I send it to up to the desk.  Mr. President, the crime bill--which we passed, and is now the crime law--was in many ways authorized in this appropriations bill. My good friend from Texas, Senator Gramm, for whom I have great respect and I have never underestimated his abilities, was very effectively able to, in the appropriations process, essentially change the authorization process by dealing with a number of the provisions in the crime laws that are in place and functioning.  What this amendment essentially attempts to do is go back and undo--whether the Senate will agree is a different story--essentially what was done in the subcommittee on appropriations. I am not speaking to each part of the amendment, but I will give you the major points.  One, it reinstates money for the drug courts. The Appropriations Committee eliminated the funding for drug courts, something that we passed a year ago into law and is now law.  Second, it eliminates money for drug treatment in prisons. I might note for those who might think that is sort of a silly, soft-headed notion that the States in the United States of America in the year 1993, after releasing prisoners from the jail--prisoners who had served their time in the State penitentiary--as they walked out the gate from a State penitentiary with the clothes they wore in and a bus ticket and five bucks in their pocket, 200,000 of them in one year walked out of that penitentiary drug addicted, drug addicted, addicted to drugs after having served their time as they walked through the portal.  So what all the evidence shows is that drug treatment in prisons is as effective as drug treatment out of prison, and it makes a big difference because you have 154 crimes a year committed by a drug-addicted person. If you have 200,000 people, after having walked out of jail, still drug addicted as they walk out the gate, we have a problem. But unfortunately, the meager amount of money that was in the crime bill, in the crime trust fund, which should have been spent and would have been spent in this upcoming year, that also was zeroed out.  In addition, there was in the crime law a provision that a vast majority of my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, supported when we debated the crime bill 2 years ago, and that was rural drug enforcement grants. I have spent a lot of time with the Presiding Officer, my colleague from Utah. And, as a consequence, I do not pretend to know the State of Utah, but I have become much more familiar with it. I need not tell the Presiding Officer that drug trafficking in methamphetamine with the gangs from Los Angeles moving into rural Utah, drive-by shootings occurring in Salt Lake City that never occurred before, the influx into the large intermountain States of drug deals, drug cartels, and drug organizations primarily dealing in synthetic drugs and methamphetamine--all of them have put an incredible burden on all of those things and have put an incredible burden on the rural law enforcement agencies in the small towns in the State of Utah, in New Hampshire and in Delaware.  I mentioned those States because the three Senators representing those States are on the floor. We represent States where the vast majority of their cities are very small. The largest city in the State of Delaware is 85,000 people.  Now, I realize Utah is larger than that, and I think Manchester, NH, is larger than that. But the point is, we do not have that many big metropolises. We have tens, scores of small, little towns of one sheriff or one police officer or two or three. And what every rural law enforcement agency said to us when we were writing this bill was that we need help, particularly we need help in the area of dealing with drug enforcement problems, because the problems that are visited upon those small towns are not just the kids selling marijuana in the schoolyard; the real problems that have occurred in the last 10 years is these drug organizations move into those small towns, or they move into the outskirts of those small towns that in effect are incapable of being dealt with across State borders by small, rural law enforcement agencies.  Unfortunately, the subcommittee on appropriations saw fit to zero out that function as well. I attempt in this amendment to restore that money.  In addition, I also restore another thing that was cut totally, and that is the Law Enforcement Family Support Act.  Now, most people do not know what that is, but a number of us have participated, and I expect my colleagues on the floor tonight will participate in the ceremonies that take place at the law enforcement memorial once a year, where almost every year the President speaks, whether it be President Bush or President Clinton, and where we deal with and hail the slain officers and the families of officers slain in that calendar year who come to Washington. And they come to Washington to be recognized and to recognize the contributions of their spouses, mothers or fathers, brothers or sisters.  A very important part of that, as those of you who have attended may know, is that when that ceremony is over out in The Mall, there are 2 days set up of counseling for the families, the families that come from all across America, that come from Idaho, Utah, Montana, Maine, Florida.  You speak to the families of those slain officers, and they will tell you this counseling that they get as to how to deal with this and being able to deal with other families who have been through it is one of the most helpful things that happens to them. It matters to them.  What this $1.2 million we cut does is to provide that very counseling. So I hope when my colleagues vote on this amendment, they will remember that next year when they are invited down to the law enforcement memorial ceremony and they see and, God forbid, it will occur we know, another 25, 50, 100 families down there where officers have been slain in the calendar year doing their duty, we will realize that in failing to put this money back in the thing that those families valued the most will in fact not be available to them because they literally leave there, go to a luncheon and get on buses to take advantage of these counseling services. So I attempt to restore the $1.2 million in the Law Enforcement Family Support Act that was taken out by the committee.  It also restores--no new money, no change in money--the State option that is presently available under the crime law, under the prison grant portion, to allow States to use their prison dollars to build boot camps if they choose to do it. The argument that we heard on the floor, Democrats and Republicans, for the past year is that we want to allow more local control. We do not want the Federal Government telling people what they should do.  We passed, with my support and the overwhelming support of the people in this body on both sides of the aisle, the mandate legislation saying we should not be mandating to the States what they must do without sending the money. But implicit in that is we have also said as a matter of policy that we do not know federally, we have acknowledged we do not know federally as much about the specific needs of the States and the localities as the States and localities know.  So I find it curious that my colleagues, at least the majority on the appropriations subcommittee, decided to tell the States they do not have the option to build boot camps. I do not quite understand that. Everybody stood on this floor and talked about how valuable and important boot camps are. But the language that I have in this amendment--and I will go back to this in a moment--restores the State option. No requirement, no State has to build a single, solitary boot camp. They can all go build maximum security prisons. They can do whatever they want to do with the money as it relates to prisons. But they should have the option of being able to build a boot camp, as my State has decided. And there are several other changes that this amendment contains for the purpose of making sure that we in effect put the crime law back together.  This amendment is supported, I might add, by I believe every single major police organization in the country. The legislation relating to law enforcement and family support is specifically supported by the National Association of Police Organizations.  As I said, everyone may remember a year and a half ago there were a rash of police suicides across the country including what personal toll was taken on America's law enforcement officers and their families as a consequence of them being shot or wounded or killed. This amendment on the Family Support Act helps deal with that.  So let me speak a little more specifically to each of the general areas that I try to restore. Again, $100 million for drug courts, $20 million--and by the way, we authorized $150 million.  I should point out one other thing. We are dealing with moneys from a trust fund. These are not any new taxes. What we all decided to do under the leadership of Senator Gramm of Texas and Senator Byrd of West Virginia, when the crime law was being debated a year and a half ago, was to say, look, why not make sure this is not funny money. Why not make sure we can pay for what we say we want to do. I wholeheartedly agreed.  And under the leadership of Senator Byrd, with the strong concurrence of Senator Gramm of Texas--and quite frankly, with the ingenuity of John Hilley, who was then the administrative assistant for Senator Mitchell--they came up with a unique idea. Never before, to the best of my knowledge, did the Senate ever set up a trust fund for law enforcement. And the way that was funded, the Senator from Texas [Mr. Gramm], insisted that the commitment that we made to reduce the Federal work force by 272,000 people over a 5-year period be written into the law. It had not been legislated before.  And so, as a part of the crime bill we legislated, the President would have to reduce the present work force by 272,000 people. OMB calculated how much the revenue that was now being paid out of the Treasury to pay those folks' salaries would be. And we agreed that as that attrition took place--and we have cut now by 170,000 some Federal employees. We have done that. That is real. That has been done. Their paychecks would go into this trust fund and that from the trust fund the funding for the crime bill would come.  Now, someone could have argued legitimately that when I say, ``No new taxes,'' they say, ``Biden, you could have taken those savings from the reduction of the Federal work force and you could have lowered the deficit or lowered taxes.'' That is true. We could have done that. But the majority of us--and I for one strongly felt it was a higher priority to fight crime in America and give localities the resources to do that.  So I want to make it clear what we are talking about here is trust fund moneys. So what I do in this amendment is I reinstate $100 million of the $150 million for drug courts, $27 million for drug treatment in prison, $10 million for rural drug enforcement, and $1.2 million for the Law Enforcement Family Support Act, and then change other language--no reallocation of funds for making sure that States have the option dealing with being able to use prison money to build boot camps.  Now, let my speak to what I think the single most important piece of this amendment is, first, in more detail, and that is the drug courts. The Federal Government has long focused on the fight against illegal drugs, but few of its efforts have shown the promise already demonstrated by drug courts. The key to the drug court program is to punish and control offenders in the most efficient way possible.  In fact, it is precisely because of the success of the drug courts seen in model States, that I worked with the Attorney General to include the Federal support for drug courts in the 1994 crime bill signed into law a year ago.  Drug courts represent an innovation in how our criminal justice system deals with low-level, first-time drug offenders. Throughout the Nation nonviolent drug offenders are simply released back into society with no punishment, no treatment, no supervision. Nationwide, the most recent estimates are that 600,000 such offenders are on the streets; 600,000 people convicted of abusing drugs and committing crimes sent back out into the streets with no reason not to return to more drugs and more crime and with no punishment, no treatment, and no supervision--1.4 million of these nonviolent drug offenders are convicted every year, and 600,000 of them get absolutely no treatment, no supervision, no punishment.  Now, let me tell you how the drug courts work. The drug courts work so that what happens is the States, with the money provided by the Federal Government as seed money, this $100 million, set up drug courts where they take these first-time, nonviolent offenders into the court. They adjudicate their cases very rapidly, usually within 30 days. They then sentence that offender to something, including all of the following:  First, if they are in school they must stay in school.  Second, if they have a job they must keep a job.  Third, they must be subject to random drug testing.  Fourth, they actually must report two times a week to a probation officer and a counselor.  Fifth, they are required to enlist in drug treatment and stay in drug treatment.  If they violate any of those things, they go straight to jail. They do not pass go--straight to jail. In Dade County, FL, which, unfortunately, probably has more experience with drug trafficking and illegal drug use than any other county in America, it was put into effect several years ago.  The rearrest rate prior to the institution of drug courts was about 34 percent. Thirty-four percent of all the people who were convicted the first time of a nonviolent drug offense ended up rearrested and reconvicted and back before the courts. When the drug court program was put in place--and it has been there now about 5 years, I believe, maybe a little longer--the rearrest rate dropped to around 3 percent--3 percent.  I can say to the Presiding Officer and others who are listening that in my State, the State of Delaware, a Republican attorney general named Richard Gebelein became a superior court judge and set up a drug court system like this--strict, strict, strict rules for nonviolent offenders once they are convicted, requirements of treatment, requirements of public service, requirements of random drug testing, requirements relating to keeping a job, very strict requirements. They were literally required to sign a contract. And when they violate any of those provisions, they go to jail. It is amazing what an incentive it is. It is amazing what an incentive it is.  In my State they are going to be going to boot camps because boot camps cost 40 percent less to run than the prison system does, than building bricks and mortar. So they work. I say to my friend from Utah and others who are here, they work. And, unfortunately, I know in the interest of trying to find money for other purposes in the bill, they were zeroed out. So what I do in this legislation is I restore $100 million of the $140 million that has been authorized.  Again, drug courts combine a carrot of drug treatment and the helping hand with a stick of mandatory drug testing and the gavel of a judge that says you go back to prison if, in fact, you violate any of the provisions.  For example, as of about 1 month ago, the Delaware drug court had worked on 481 offenders in my small State in what it calls its track one program. That is, 143 of these 481 people had completed the program and were on their way to being productive citizens; 80 were, to use the Delaware judge's phrase, ``terminated.'' In other words, they were sent back to jail. And the remaining 258 are presently working their way through the program.  But an interesting thing, I say to the Presiding Officer. Guess what? Of those 481 people who were in the system, committing an average of 154 crimes a year, the crime rate has gone down precipitously among those people. And those who could not stay in the system were, to use the phrase of the former attorney general--now judge--Gebelein, they were terminated. They were sent to jail.  Absent the drug court system around the country, what happens now is they never get any treatment, they never get any punishment, they never get sent to jail; 600,000 of them a year are out there walking around after having been convicted.  So I say to my friends, as they look at this, ask their judges in their home State, ask their probation officers, ask their police officers, ask their prison officials, and I can tell you, they will find almost without exception that the drug court innovation is viewed as one of the best hopes law enforcement has to deal with what is ultimately the problem. And to paraphrase a phrase used in a Presidential campaign last time around, ``It's drugs, stupid. It's drugs.'' Crime is drugs. ``It's drugs, stupid. It's drugs.''  Now, on the point of drug treatment in prisons, I will again merely make the point that it works. Last week the Department of Health and Human Services released preliminary estimates from the 1994 national household survey on drug abuse. And its report is alarming.  The survey found that among youth age 12 to 17, the rate of illicit drug use increased between 1993 and 1994 from 6.6 percent to 9.5 percent. In the past year, nearly 10 percent of our youth were using illicit drugs. Marijuana use among 12- to 17-year-olds has nearly doubled from 1992 to 1994.  Perhaps even more frightening than the upsurge in use trends is the increase in the perceived availability of illicit drugs, substances in all age groups. The percentage of youth reporting that marijuana was easy to obtain increased by over 10 percent. Fifty-nine percent of the young people in America said marijuana is easy to obtain and they know how to get it. There was an increase in the perceived availability of LSD, PCP's, and heroin for all age groups.  The percentage of people age 35 and older who claim that cocaine was easily obtainable increased from 36 to 41 percent. Clearly, despite the progress we made in drug abuse prevention and treatment and law enforcement, there is still a great deal more to be done. And things are moving the wrong way.  Given the need for more and greater efforts in the war on drugs and given their call for a strong stand on the drug issue, I cannot understand why my colleagues in this body employ the decision to abandon the key antidrug initiative in the 1994 crime law. Specifically, I would like to mention the three programs they have eliminated. One I have spoke to--the drug courts; second is drug treatment in State prisons; and the third is rural drug enforcement grants. I do not quite understand why, as we talk about drugs, we in fact find ourselves with legislation that cuts our effort in fighting drugs.  Last year, the 1994 crime law took a strong stand against drug abuse in rural areas, against drug abuse throughout the court system and in the prison system. But this bill zeros out those functions.  So it always surprises me, when we talk about being tough on drugs, why more of our colleagues do not go home and talk to their police, why they do not talk to their prison officials, why they do not talk to the tough guys, the law-and-order types, who will tell them. I am telling you they will tell you that in fact they want these programs.  What my amendment does, it takes funds from an open-ended, unfunded block grant to make sure that these dollars are targeted to the antidrug measures I mentioned. In other words, the amendment allocates funds directly--what we do is we take $117 million in the bill--we do not look for any money anywhere else --and apply it to the three programs I mentioned, and here is how we do it. We increase the fee charges to obtain green cards. A few years back, when the non-U.S. citizen was in the United States and applied for and was authorized to obtain a green card, that person would have had to return to their native country and then reenter the United States legally.  In 1994, we passed a law that allowed the person in those circumstances to remain in the United States and obtain the green card if certain requirements were satisfied. That person paid an additional fee of a few hundred dollars. The rationale behind the additional fee is that, in paying the fee, the person did not have to leave the United States, return to their home country, reenter the United States, and they saved a round-trip fare ticket. In addition, there is $21.2 million in offsets from the reduction in the State prison grants.  I note that the House funded the administration's request of $500 million. The bill before us provides $750 million for prisons. We all know that whatever comes out of conference is not going to be $750 million. So we take $21 million--a mere $21 million--out of the additional $250 million for State prisons that the Senate subcommittee put in. And should it be adopted, the bill would still provide more than $725 million for prison grants. And so when my colleagues legitimately ask, OK, Biden, let us assume the three programs that you and the cops talk about all the time are as good as you say, and that is drug courts, the drug prison money, and drug treatment money in prisons and rural drug enforcement--what I did was I found the $117 million to offset that from the places I just stated.  I see my friend from Missouri. I have more to say. How much time remains for the Senator from Delaware?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Thomas). There is no time, since the amendment has not been offered.  