 President, all of us here, on both sides of this issue, agree that the right to strike is essential to preserving the balance of power between labor and management in this country. But that right is hollow if, by exercising it, a worker faces the loss of his or her job.  President Clinton has taken the important step of clarifying that in this country, as in the rest of the industrial democracies with less than a handful of exceptions, workers cannot be fired for exercising their legal rights.  Unfortunately, our attempts to clarify that right through legislation, led for years by Senator Metzenbaum, were blocked by filibusters, despite clear majorities that favored a ban on striker replacements.  President Clinton's Executive order is needed because Congress has been frustrated in its attempts to clear up the current untenable situation.  His action follows established precedent, such as actions by President Bush, who, in 1992, issued an Executive order to require unionized contractors to post notices in their workplaces informing all employees that they could not be required to join a union.  President Bush also used executive authority to ban unions from using for political purposes fees collected that had been collected from union members who disagreed with union policy positions.  As a Republican Congressman said at the time, this was an ``effort by the President to do something through Executive order that he cannot get Congress to do.''  So let's not be distracted by procedural arguments. President Clinton was well within his authority and established precedent when he issued his Executive order. Let's stick to the substance of this issue, an issue that goes to the fundamental rights of workers, and to the very foundations of labor-management relations in this country.  Mr. President, before the New Deal, striking workers had no legal protection against being fired. To provide legal protection for the right to strike, Congress passed and President Roosevelt signed the National Labor Relations Act in 1935. Without it, hostile, confrontational, and often violent labor-management relations would have persisted.  But in 1938, a Supreme Court ruling that confirmed the right to strike offered an unsolicited comment that established a legal basis for hiring permanent replacements for striking workers.  This language has remained a logical and legal anomaly ever since. In law schools across the country, law professors have struggled in vain to distinguish between firing and permanently replacing striking workers.  For many years, this problem was, in fact, academic; it had little application in the real world.  But for the last decade and more, the issue has become all too real for thousands of workers who have lost their jobs by exercising what the vast majority of Americans believe should be their right under the law.  The permanent replacement of striking workers has become an all too common tactic in labor-management disputes. In a survey last year, 25 percent of employers said that they would hire or consider hiring permanent replacements, in response to a strike. A recent GAO report found that employers hire or threaten to hire permanent replacements in one of every three strikes.  Today, the threat of permanent replacement calls into question the fundamental right to strike, upsets the balance of power between workers and management, and introduces an unnecessary source of friction and hostility into labor relations.  We have evidence that strikes in which permanent replacement workers are hired are longer, and more heated, than those in which that tactic is not used.  Mr. President, I know that there is much emotion on both sides of this issue, and I would like my colleagues who disagree with me to understand that I do not take their concerns lightly. Let me address a few of those concerns now.  We have heard in recent debate that President Clinton's Executive order will upset the balance of power between labor and management and make strikes more likely as a result. This argument is not only inaccurate, Mr. President, it shows a fundamental misunderstanding of the costs of a strike to workers and their families.  First, it is the increasing use of striker replacements that has upset the traditional balance of power between workers and employers. The President has acted to remove this source of much of the hostility and divisiveness that now attends labor-management relations.  Second, Mr. President, under no circumstance is a strike an easy option for workers who will suffer the loss of wages, health benefits, savings, and even major assets such as cars and homes to undertake a strike with no knowledge of what the outcome will be.  We have also heard, Mr. President, that without the threat of hiring permanent replacements, employers will be powerless in the face of union demands. The fact of the matter is that employers did quite well for over four decades, by stockpiling inventories, [[Page S3729]] hiring temporary replacements, transferring work, and by other tactics, without recourse to permanent replacement workers.  As we seek new ways to encourage labor-management cooperation, to recognize the shared goals of American workers and employers in a changing global economy, a first step ought to be to eliminate the unnecessary, inflammatory practice of permanently replacing strikers.  Mr. President, simple fairness demands it. And simple fairness demands that we defeat this attempt to cut out the funding for President Clinton's Executive order. I urge my colleagues to vote with me to put this relic of another era of labor-management relations behind us.  