 I do not in any way question that the victims' survivors, families of the victims in Oklahoma City, want what he states, and that is a change in the way habeas corpus works. They do not want any more Staffords. They cannot understand, nor can I, why Stafford is in jail for 17 years after having filed apparently successful petitions to delay his execution, and they want action.  But I would say that we would be on habeas corpus whether or not that god-awful tragedy in Oklahoma had occurred. The Republican crime bill has the habeas corpus petition in it. We are scheduled to take up the Republican crime bill. We were scheduled to take up the Republican crime bill before we left for our Easter recess. Then we were scheduled to take it up before we left for Memorial Day. Now we are scheduled to take it up before the Fourth of July recess.  In that Republican crime bill is the reform of habeas corpus. In the crime bill that I offered 2 years ago, 18 months ago, there was a reform of habeas corpus. So I just want to make it clear that the Senate's attention is not focused on habeas corpus at this moment because of what happened in Oklahoma and the counterterrorism bill. It is a convenient--and I mean that in a literal sense; I do not mean that in a disparaging way--it is a convenient vehicle to move up the debate on this issue, but the debate was necessary and inevitable.  Let me point out there are three sort of teams in this debate. One team says keep habeas corpus the way it is; we do not want any changes in habeas corpus. I got a bite out of that apple over the last couple years because every time I would offer amendments on habeas corpus I would read in the editorial page of the New York Times about how Senator Biden is emasculating habeas corpus, and what a terrible thing he is doing, and the compromises Senator Biden is working out are--and it went on and on. Every liberal newspaper in America pointed out that wanting to change habeas corpus from the way it is to make sure that the Staffords of the world are executed----  