 I have no problem with it being accepted. If other people are going to speak to it then I will speak to it.  I hope that we all will have learned by now, when you win, accept the victory, put the speeches in later. I hope we do that.  Stemming the tide of frivolous prisoner lawsuits is certainly an important goal.  Our courts are flooded with lawsuits brought by prisoners. The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts reported that in fiscal year 1994, 39,100 Federal and State prisoner civil rights cases were filed in Federal court. This volume of cases drains precious court resources, further burdening an already overburdened court system.  But in solving these problems, we must not lose sight of the fact that some of these lawsuits have merit--some prisoners' rights are violated--some prisons are terribly overcrowded.  In one case, for example, children in a severely overcrowded juvenile detention center in Pennsylvania--a facility that was at 160 percent of capacity--were beaten by staff--sometimes with chains and other objects. These problems were not resolved until a court order was entered.--(Santiago versus City of Philadelphia.)  In a recent case right here in the District of Columbia, Judge June L. Green found that correctional officers had routinely sexually assaulted women prisoners--one had raped a woman prisoner, another had forced a prisoner to perform oral sex. When these conditions were reported to the D.C. correction officials, nothing was done. It was when court entered an order that the district take steps to prevent these incidents from recurring that the prisoners were able to get relief.--(Women Prisoners of D.C. Dept. of Corrections versus D.C.)  Senator Hatch's amendment has two overriding problems--first, in an effort to curb frivolous prisoner lawsuits, the amendment places too many roadblocks to meritorious prison lawsuits.  Second, in an effort to relieve the courts and State and local governments from the overwhelming task of dealing with frivolous lawsuits, Senator Hatch's amendment, in fact, creates restrictions on the power of those governments from voluntarily negotiating their own agreements and would place an even greater burden on the courts to litigate and relitigate these suits.  Because Senator Hatch's amendment makes only marginal improvements over what is already in the bill, I oppose this amendment, just as I oppose the similar provision in the committee bill.  I am willing to withhold if others are. I ask that the Senator maybe reconsider his request and accept it by voice vote and make speeches later.  