 President, I thank my colleague, the distinguished chairman of the committee.  Mr. President, while we are exchanging compliments, I think this amendment is about the efficacy in the way in which the distinguished Senator from California protects her State. She does an incredible job. I do not know anybody since I have served here who looks out for California's interests better than she does. I think that is what this is all about.  We are very close friends, the Senator from California and I. I do not doubt for a single moment what she says about her concern about consumer interests. But I might say, if she prevails, California wins big in the marketplace. I am sure it is purely coincidental. But again, she is tenacious when it comes to California. She is too effective, as far as I am concerned, when it comes to California interests versus the interests of other parts of the country. I think that is what this is a little bit to do with.  She is also trying to influence my mind here by sliding something in front of me that has to do probably with something that says my position does not make any difference; I am not crazy about him anyway.  So, Mr. President, she will go to any lengths within the legitimate confines of the rules of the Senate to win, like just handing me that note.  This debate is not about health and safety. It is not about saving the taxpayers money. Let me state up front this amendment has absolutely no impact on Federal spending. Ensuring compliance will be essentially impossible. Literally one degree of variance would technically require a different label. A package placed, for example, near a refrigeration unit which cools to a temperature of less than 26 degrees would not be considered on par with poultry 10 or 15 feet away from that unit. That is hardly an efficient standard to impose on business. More importantly, the rule ignores the Agricultural Research Service study which demonstrates that consumers cannot detect any quality difference between poultry chilled to 26 degrees and poultry at 2 or 3 degrees lower. Again, there is no difference between these two types of poultry.  It is not surprising to me, Mr. President, that virtually all consumers place poultry in the freezer for later use. I know that the sponsor of that amendment is not suggesting that the tens of millions of items that consumers take home and put in freezers all of a sudden make that chicken somehow, that poultry somehow, less palatable than if they did not take it from the grocery store to their homes. Interestingly, the Agricultural Research Service study concluded that under ideal laboratory conditions, poultry temperatures can only be controlled to plus or minus 2 degrees. Let me repeat that: Under ideal conditions, literally perfect conditions, we can only control it within 2 degrees.  What the distinguished chairman of the committee has done, he has not said we are not going to have a ruling. He has said look, let us go back and look at this. In fact, I respectfully suggest that many of the advocates of this amendment are more concerned about freezing the delivery of out-of-State poultry, and not actually freezing the product that is being allegedly frozen. This is about freezing out.  We sell a lot of chickens in California. I expect that California poultry producers do not like that. We have not figured how to make those birds fly from the Delmarva Peninsula to California, and then jump into a processing plant. We have not figured out how to do that. We have to put them in trucks. We try to do it at 26 degrees.  We do not want to be put in the position where my distinguished friend implies that the chickens we are sending, which are not below zero degrees, by the way, which is now frozen, is somehow less palatable.  I imagine my time is running out. I apologize for being so disconnected here. But how much time do I have left?  