 President, I rise to speak about an amendment that has been accepted by both sides. The [[Page S4918]] amendment restores $10 million in crime law trust fund dollars that would be rescinded by the legislation now before the Senate.  My amendment restores $10 million of the $27 million rescinded from the Drug Courts Program. And, let me be clear, all of this $10 million is offset by cuts of $10 million in Justice Department funds that will not diminish law enforcement. They are funds that both the subcommittee chairman and ranking member have agreed to rescind because they will not adversely impact Justice Department operations.  This amendment is necessary for two key reasons:  First, we must stick to the promise we made in the violent crime reduction trust fund--we have already cut Federal bureaucrats to pay for the crime law, so the $30.2 billion crime law does not increase the deficit.  Second, unless we restore this $10 million more than 5,000 drug offenders who are today released on probation will not be tested for drugs, will not be supervised, and will not be punished until many more American citizens have been the victim of a crime, because without drug testing, about the only way any offender is kicked off probation and into jail is to get caught committing another crime--in other words, after there is yet another victim.  And as I mentioned, my amendment identifies $10 million in offsetting cuts so my amendment does not change the overall deficit cutting of this bill. This amendment simply takes a step to help preserve the integrity of the Drug Court Program.  Let me review just some of the facts that point out just how great the need is to add real teeth to our probation system.  Nationwide, about 3 million offenders are released on probation. Of these 3 million, about half, 1.4 million, of these offenders are drug abusers. And, of these 1.4 million offenders, only about 800,000 receive some drug testing and/or drug treatment.  That all means that nationwide we have about 600,000 offenders, out on probation who are drug-abusers and who are not tested for drugs, not treated for their addiction, and barely supervised by our overwhelmed probation officers.  In fact, in the Nation's largest States, probation officers' caseloads range from 90 to 100 offenders per officer; to 240 offenders per officer. Even at the 100-offender level, that means that in an average 40 hour week, a probation officer could spend about 20 minutes on each offender under his or her authority. At the higher levels, probation officers have less than 10 minutes every week to make sure that each offender is staying on the straight and narrow.  Plainly, few of these offenders are being supervised the way they should.  Unless these offenders face certain punishment, with the chance of treatment to beat their addiction, they will be the violent offenders of tomorrow.  Unless we monitor these offenders on probation, they are probably continuing to take drugs, as well as committing crimes for which they have not yet been arrested. Drug testing means that these offenders will no longer get a free ride on probation.  And that is the only choice these intensive drug testing and treatment, and certain punishment programs ask us to make. Instead of these offenders walking around the streets, unmonitored, they will have to check in every day or so and confirm that they have not been using drugs through a drug test or suffer the consequences.  While all of us might wish that these offenders were all behind bars, I do not believe we have that choice. We all know that we can't build cells fast enough--even if we could afford to build 3 million new prison cells at a cost of at least $150 billion and that is based on a conservative construction cost estimate of $50,000 per cell.  Let me also point out that these are not programs for violent offenders. These are cost-effective programs that combine the concepts of prevention plus responsibility to reach those offenders whose minor crimes have just brought them into the criminal justice system.  The language in the Senate-passed bill specifically exempted violent offenders from participation in these intensive drug testing programs. And, the language in the crime law goes even further--adding language that prevents any offender who has ever been convicted of a violent offense from participating in the drug courts.  The results of the Drug Court Program in Attorney General Reno's hometown are impressive:  From June 1989 to December 1991, 1,740 offenders successfully graduated from the program--and only 3 percent have been rearrested.  In addition, about 1,500 offenders failed out of the Drug Court Program--however, the strength of the drug testing program means that these offenders who should not be released on probation were identified early and sent to jail--where they belong.  Before the Drug Court Program, was instituted, the re-arrest rate for these offenders was 33 percent.  And the program is saving money--money that can be redirected to incarcerating and treating violent, career criminals. In Miami, it costs $17,000 a year to keep an offender in the county jail. That same offender can get the benefits of the drug court at a price of about $2,000 a year.  The results from many other jurisdictions are similarly impressive:  In my home State of Delaware, Judge Richard Gebelein wrote to tell me that in just the first 8 months of operation the Delaware drug court had put:       Over 250 people who would have been placed on probation      with little or no supervision have been placed in a [drug      court] program where they are tightly controlled and      monitored. We have increased public safety through this      program.  In Coos County, OR, the rate of positive drug tests dropped from more than 40 percent to less than 10 percent after the probation department subjected offenders to a tough program of drug treatment and drug testing.  In Michigan, some judges have instituted a drug testing program which imposes progressively harsher sanctions with each failure. Most offenders--no matter how serious their addiction--seem to learn quickly: Of 200 offenders in the program, only 28 have failed.  An Oakland, CA, Drug Court Program with regular drug testing found that the re-arrest rate was reduced by 45 percent when the program went into effect. And, based on this figure, the program estimated that participants spent--in total--35,000 fewer days in custody because they were not re-arrested. The bottom line: Alemeda County generated more than $2 million in savings from the unused prison space.  I would like to thank Commerce/State/Justice Appropriations Subcommittee Chairman Gramm for his assistance on this important matter. I am happy that we could reach agreement and I am sure that Senator Gramm will continue to work on this important program when this bill reaches--as I believe it will--a conference with the House of Representatives. Senator Gramm was a key player when the Senate developed the crime law trust fund, so I know that he shares my support for this key funding mechanism.  I would also thank the subcommittee's ranking member, Senator Hollings, for his efforts and assistance to preserve at least a portion of the drug court funding, and uphold the integrity of the trust fund.  Appropriations Chairman Senator Hatfield also has my appreciation for his support of the Drug Court Program.  Finally, I would express my personal gratitude to ranking member Senator Byrd  for agreeing to this amendment. As my colleagues in the Senate know, the violent crime reduction trust fund that fully funded the $30.2 billion crime law without adding to the deficit was the product of the hard work and incredible creativity of Senator Byrd. I will do everything I can to maintain the integrity of the trust fund, but I would just acknowledge that there would be no trust fund for which to fight were it not for Senator Byrd.  