  The way I look at this, this is real simple. Real simple and basic. There is nothing real complicated about this. Right now, this can be done. Right now, all that has to be proven is there is an intent to evade. All we are saying is if the effect is evasion, and the effect is avoiding the tap on the phone that they think may be tapped, that they be able to do it based on the effect, not having to prove an intent to thwart eavesdropping. I want to make that clear to everyone here.  This still requires an initial finding that this guy is probably a bad guy. It still requires a judge to say that there [[Page S7757]] is probable cause to look at this guy. This is no great leap in anything. Civil libertarians should not worry, law enforcement should be encouraged, and the American people should feel some mild additional sense of security in being able to do what the Senator from Connecticut is suggesting that the President very badly wants, and that was deleted from the bill.  It is my hope that our friends on the Republican side may be able to accept this amendment. If there is any time left, I ask that it be reserved.  Mr. President, I rise in support of Senator Lieberman's amendment, which I believe will improve the current authority for what are known as roving, or multipoint, wiretap orders. This provision was proposed by the President, but is not included in the Republican substitute.  Multipoint wiretaps allow law enforcement officers to obtain a judicial order to intercept the communications of a particular person--not just for one specified phone, as with most wiretap orders, but on any phone that person may use.  A recent prosecution will help illustrate how multipoint wiretaps work. In that case, involving one of the world's biggest international drug traffickers, agents determined that a courier was contacting his bosses by using a number of randomly chosen public phones around his home.  A multipoint wiretap was obtained and up to 25 phones were identified to prepare for the chance that the target would use one of them. Anytime he used one of those phones, the agents were able to initiate a wiretap. Interceptions obtained in this way led to 53 Federal indictments and a 19-ton cocaine seizure.  Under current law, the Government can get a multipoint wiretap order only if it can show that the defendant is intending to thwart surveillance--usually by switching from phone to phone.  The Senator's amendment would allow multipoint wiretaps where the defendant's conduct has the effect of thwarting surveillance--regardless of the defendant's intent.  This small change is desperately needed by law enforcement--because while officers will often be able to show that the individual is changing telephones frequently enough to make a standard wiretap impossible, it may be difficult to prove that he is doing so with intent to thwart a wiretap.  Changes in technology have made this proof even more difficult. A target may use more than one phone for reasons other than avoiding surveillance.  The current intent requirement virtually requires an officer to wait to apply for a multipoint wiretap until the officer somehow hears the target say ``I am changing phones because I don't want the cops to tap this conversation.''  Let me give you an example of one ongoing case in which a multipoint wiretap order could not be obtained because of the requirement to prove intent to thwart surveillance.  In this case, the targets are using electronic scanning equipment to capture cellular phone and identification numbers from unsuspecting and innocent phone users.  The particular targets in this case are cloning a new phone number--allowing them to use it without authority--every 2 weeks or so and thereby effectively avoiding surveillance.  The officers are hard-pressed to prove that every time the target clones a new number, he did so for the purpose of thwarting interception--rather than simply to avoid paying for the calls.  Because wiretaps are extraordinarily powerful and intrusive, the law contains numerous protections against abuse.  The Government must, of course, prove probable cause that a specific person is committing a crime--as with any wiretap application.  The application must be approved by a top Justice Department official--the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General, the Associate Attorney General, an Assistant Attorney General, or an Acting Assistant Attorney General;  The judge must find that the standards for issuing a multipoint order have been met;  The application must identify the person believed to be committing the offense and whose communications are to be intercepted;  The Government must minimize the intrusiveness of a wiretap--by turning the wiretap off when the conversation is personal, for instance; and  Any interception cannot begin until law enforcement has clearly determined that the target is using that particular phone. And once the target is off the phone, the interception must end.  In practice, this latter requirement means that if the agents are out on surveillance and they see their target move to a new phone, they can begin interception of the new phone. It also means that if their target hands the phone to his buddy, they must stop the interception immediately.  A multipoint wiretap order does not allow the police to intercept a slew of different telephones in a number of places and monitor every conversation on those phones.  The amendment proposed by the administration, and offered in modified form by Senator Lieberman, would not change any of the basic protections in the current multipoint wiretap statute.  The narrow, but necessary change that the Senator's amendment would make is not intended to make this authority a run-of-the-mill everyday surveillance technique.  I understand that multipoint wiretaps are used sparingly--in fact, the Justice Department reports that last year only 10 multipoint wiretaps were conducted and that only 4 have been approved to date this year.  The new authority provided by this amendment must be utilized responsibly. And I reiterate that Senator Lieberman's amendment will not change any of the protections built into the multipoint wiretap statute besides broadening the intent standard to include an effects standard.  We must provide law enforcement with the tools they need to meet the demands of an ever-complex and changing criminal element. In today's increasingly mobile and high-technology world, we need to provide law enforcement with the ability to move with the criminals. It is now simply too easy for law enforcement to get left behind as the criminals move from place to place and from phone to phone.  At the same time we must be cautious not to infringe on civil liberties. I believe the amendment Senator Lieberman offers today accomplishes both of these goals.  It is a narrow but necessary expansion of the multipoint wiretap authority--but one that also includes protections against abuse.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  