 President, we all know that years and years of Federal budget deficits are a real threat to the future of our economy.  We know that they cut into the private savings and investment we need to provide for a better future.  We know that they require us to borrow from other countries, increasing our exposure to the changeable winds of the global economy.  And, Mr. President, we know that those deficits contribute to the perception that Government does not work, that it cannot do its own job, that we cannot get our own House in order.  When I introduced my own balanced budget amendment over 10 years ago, and when I voted for the balanced budget amendment earlier this year, I did so in the conviction that regaining [[Page S7441]] control of our Federal finances must be at the top of our priorities.  But I said when I cast my vote that, a crucial reason for my concern about the deficit is that its very real importance threatens to overwhelm our ability to make rational--and yes, compassionate--choices for the future of our country.  By its sheer size and seriousness, the Federal deficit is driving all other policy choices. It is dictating the terms of debate as we consider what we can do about crime, health care, welfare reform, our decaying infrastructure, military readiness, and the place of our country in a changing world.  Now, Mr. President, it is completely appropriate for us to subject every policy, every dollar we spend, to the strictest standards of cost effectiveness.  That should be our standard, no matter what shape our books are in.  But as I said when I voted for the balanced budget amendment, Mr. President, we must achieve that standard in a way that is fair, and that covers everything in the budget, including tax expenditures.  And, Mr. President, we must understand that a shortsighted focus on the bottom line, on simply cutting spending without a thought for its impact on the future, can threaten our future just as surely as continued deficits.  Mr. President, we must continue on the path we began 2 years ago toward lower and lower deficits--but we must also continue to commit our scarce resources where they can do the greatest good, for the greatest number of our citizens, over the long run.  Unfortunately, Mr. President, the Republican budget plan is not fair, and it fails to meet our obligation to invest in the future. Therefore, I cannot support it.  I regret that I cannot support that budget plan, that on   paper--if a lot of heroic assumptions work out--aims at a zero deficit by the year 2002.  But the refusal to accept amendments--amendments, Mr. President, that would not have changed that zero-deficit goal of a balanced budget by the year 2002--has left us with a budget plan that is not fair and that sacrifices our future for shortsighted savings today.  And, I am sorry to say, Mr. President, it leaves us with a budget plan that puts the burden of deficit reduction on those who are least able to bear it. That unfairness, I believe, will have real economic costs that could be avoided by a more careful considered path toward the balanced budget goal.  Let us remember, Mr. President, that the amendments that were rejected would not have increased the deficit--they would have continued the path toward a zero deficit--but they would have achieved that goal while maintaining our commitment to investments vital for the future of our economy and society.  I supported an amendment by Senator Rockefeller to restore $100 billion in Medicare cuts, and I cosponsored Senator Johnston's amendment to restore two-thirds of the Medicare cuts. These amendments would still have eliminated the deficit by 2002. But, instead of tax cuts--tax cuts not for the middle class but for those who do not need them--these amendments would have preserved Medicare for those seniors on fixed incomes.  Unfortunately, both Medicare amendments failed. And, the effect of the underlying Republican budget would be to increase the costs of Medicare for the average senior citizen by $900 in the year 2002. I believe this is neither desirable nor necessary to balance the Federal budget.  In the same way, Mr. President, the Republican budget plan cuts $21 billion from a program to reward work that President Ronald Reagan called the best anti-poverty, the best pro-family, the best job creation measure to come out of the Congress, the earned income tax credit.  Senator Bradley's attempt to restore that cut--to repeal that tax increase on the working poor--was defeated.  The Republican cuts in the earned income tax credit come with no thought about how they would affect the pressing need for real welfare reform.  Now we all agree, Mr. President, that the central question in welfare reform is how to get people off the dole and back to work. But by increasing the tax burden on low-income working families, the cuts in the earned income tax credit will make work less attractive for the very families that are at the greatest risk of falling into the welfare system.  The Republican budget says, ``cut first,'' Mr. President, ``and ask questions later.''  The Republican budget is shortsighted in other ways, Mr. President. It makes education more expensive, and cuts away at crucial supports for the research programs that have--up to now--kept our country in the lead internationally in the most critical factor needed for future competitiveness--knowledge.  I cosponsored and supported amendments that would restore funding to student loan programs and to the funds available for medical and other research programs that could sustain our country's international leadership in the production of that knowledge.  In all of these areas--providing health care, promoting work over welfare, supporting education, and research--I voted for amendments to the Republican budget plan. These changes would have achieved the balanced budget goal we all seek, but without the unwise and unnecessary cuts that will weaken the foundations for stronger economic growth.  Those changes I supported, Mr. President, would have also assured that more Americans could participate in that future growth.  Those amendments would have achieved the same balanced budget goal as the Republican plan, but in a way that shared the sacrifice more fairly now, and would provide a fairer distribution of the future benefits from that sacrifice.  When I saw the many weaknesses in the Republican plan, Mr. President, I resolved to join with Senator Bradley in offering an alternative balanced budget plan that would achieve the benefits from eliminating deficits in ways that did not sacrifice fairness or the foundations of economic growth.  As I said, Mr. President, among my first concerns was the unwise and unnecessary cuts in Medicare that are the real cornerstone of the Republican budget plan. Without those cuts, there is no Republican plan for balancing the budget.  The Bradley-Biden amendment restores $175 billion of the Republican cuts in Medicare and Medicaid. Our plan would increase Medicare 8 percent annually over the next 7 years.  However, it is our hope that we can reduce the cost of Medicare in that time through comprehensive health care reform--not with arbitrary cuts like those proposed in the Republican budget.  By controlling the underlying growth in health care costs--which is the real cause of the increase in Medicare costs--comprehensive health care reform would be a benefit not only to Medicare recipients but to all Americans. And the offshoot is that down the road, we can save money in the Medicare Program--savings that we hope will not require cutting how much Medicare pays to doctors and hospitals, and even more importantly, savings that will not mean higher costs to senior citizens on fixed incomes.  The irony is that Republicans have been using the annual report of the Medicare Board of Trustees to justify their draconian cuts in Medicare. But, the Republicans are ignoring the Board's recommendation to Congress to save the Medicare system as part of broad-based health care reform.  But beyond the fact that the Bradley-Biden plan would honor our country's commitment to provide health care for our elderly, there are other, more fundamental differences between our program and the Republican budget.  For example, we demand restraint in the growth of tax expenditures, among the fastest-growing reasons we continue to pile up deficits.  Now, Mr. President, this plan imposes a hard freeze on domestic spending--no increase in the dollars spent--and then cuts an additional $15 billion. And this plan cuts an additional $10 billion from the current projections for defense spending.  This is strong medicine for our persistent deficit disease.  Unfortunately, we now must take such dramatic--and painful--steps in those areas.  But in the name of fundamental fairness, Mr. President, how can we ask [[Page S7442]] the children, the poor, the elderly, of our country to sacrifice without demanding that those who have prospered under the current system, and have continued to prosper as deficits have built up over the years, to participate in restoring balance to our country's finances?  Make no mistake, tax expenditures have the same effect on our deficits as any other kind of Federal program--they increase the gap between what we spend and what we take in. Why don't we examine them with the same critical accountant's eye that we must apply to defense spending, agricultural programs, education, health, and research?  Incredibly, Mr. President, the Republican plan refuses to touch this rapidly growing drain on the Treasury, choosing instead to permit what will be a $4 trillion entitlement program between now and the year 2002 to go untouched.  Let me repeat that Mr. President. Tax entitlements--exemptions, deductions, loopholes, call them what you will--will total $4 trillion between now and the year we seek to achieve a balanced budget.  In their search for ways to reduce Federal deficits, the Republicans have taken on spending for children, for the elderly, for the working poor, for education, for scientific and medical research. But they won't touch tax expenditures that will cost the Treasury three times what it will take to balance the budget over the next 7 years.  What Senator Bradley and I would do is subject those tax entitlements to the same scrutiny that we apply to the rest of the budget--no more sacrifice from that source than from others, but no less, either.  All told, we would cut only $197 billion over 7 years from that $400 billion--a 5-percent reduction over the 7 years.  Of course, not all tax deductions and exemptions have to be cut to achieve that modest goal. Our plan would not touch the home mortgage deduction, the deduction for State and local taxes, or the deduction for contributions to charities.  Let me repeat that before I hear that those worthwhile and necessary items are at risk under our plan. They are not. We do not need to touch them to achieve our balanced budget goal in the year 2002.  But we would slow the growth--not eliminate, but slow the growth--in such tax expenditures as the quick tax write-off for timber that will cost us $2.3 billion over the next 5 years.  I believe that most Americans would agree that such programs--programs that lose money from the Treasury as surely as any other--could share some of the restraint needed to restore balance to the Federal budget.  By cutting this and other tax breaks, we would save $197 billion that can be used to bring the Federal deficit to zero by the year 2002.  By refusing to take on the huge tax expenditure budget, Mr. President, the Republican plan must find its savings by raising Medicare premiums by $900, by adding $3,000 to the cost of a student loan, and by increasing taxes by $21 billion on working families.  These are cuts that the Bradley-Biden plan does not have to make, Mr. President, because it spreads the costs of deficit reduction more equitably, and thereby requires less sacrifice of those who can least afford it.  In addition to sharing the near-term sacrifice more evenly, this plan also builds a foundation for future economic growth that will be more widely shared, as well.  Our plan provides for full funding of student loans, and makes reckless cuts in our Nation's scientific and medical research unnecessary. It provides for prudent levels of investment in the equipment, the information, and the people who will lead our economy--and the world's economy--into the next century.  And, Mr. President, the Bradley-Biden plan permits--once a real deficit-reduction plan is in place and its benefits can be accurately predicted and scored by the Congressional Budget Office--it permits a $10,000 college tuition tax deduction for middle-class families.  It helps to underwrite our competitive future, and it helps to underwrite a key element of the American dream.  Mr. President, ours is a plan that would achieve the goal we all share--a balanced budget. But we should aspire to more, Mr. President--we should dream of a better future, and we should take the actions now that are needed to make that dream a reality.  Without continued support now for education, scientific and medical research, health care, public infrastructure, and other investments, we will be poorer in the long run, whatever shape our Federal finances are in.  The Bradley-Biden balanced budget plan not only achieves the mundane, but essential, goal of restoring balance to the Government's books. It makes the investments necessary to keep alive our faith in the future.  