  But there are basically three points of view on this floor in a broad sense. One is, do we maintain the status quo on habeas corpus? That is made up of half a dozen to a dozen Members on my side and one or two Members on the Republican side. And they do not want to see any change in habeas.  There is a second school of thought in a broad sense represented by the distinguished Senator from Arizona, who is a capable and competent lawyer in his own right and knows this area well, as he demonstrated by his presentation. And that is to say, in effect, as I read what he says but what others have said as well, that State courts are fully competent to determine whether or not somebody's constitutional rights have been violated. And that is a respected, understood, and clearly articulated school of thought that has existed for some time and has been in a very articulate manner stated here today.  There is a third school on this floor that says status quo is bad. We do not want habeas corpus to continue as it statutorily has and has been interpreted by the courts over the last couple decades. We want it changed.  Now, we differ. There are limits to that third group, and they range somewhere between Senator Specter and probably me. And Senator Specter and I have been for years debating this issue, agreeing and disagreeing, but we are into that school that says, wait a minute, do not take the Federal courts totally out of this or, in effect, take them totally out of it but drastically curtail the time within which someone is able to file a habeas petition and how many times they are able to file one and what constitutes a successive petition.  Now, I am certain that the Senator from Oklahoma was right when he ticked off the names of the families of the victims and said they want action. I would respectfully suggest that it is unlikely that they know the difference between a successive petition based upon probable innocence versus clear and convincing evidence. Most lawyers on this floor do not know the difference. Most lawyers who practice law do not know the difference; 85 percent of the highest paid lawyers in America, if you brought them in and sat them down in these chairs and asked them to define what a successive petition is, could not do it, could not do it. I am talking about the thousand-dollar-an-hour guys. They could not do it.  Now, I do not mean that to malign the legal profession. They do not handle these cases. Death penalty cases, habeas cases are complicated. Just like I could not, if I were back in the practice of law, explain to you a complicated antitrust provision. I did not practice antitrust law.  So with all due respect, what I am proposing and will propose --and my opposition to the Kyl amendment is just as likely to be acceptable to those folks in Oklahoma as anyone else's because the effect of what I wish to see happen--and I think a majority in here--is to make sure that we are no longer in a situation where this fellow Stafford could be gaining weight in an air-conditioned cell after having filed 17 petitions.  If we adopt the amendment that I am going to offer after this amendment, Stafford would be dead. No more Staffords. There is no legal way in which anyone could hang around, after having been convicted of a capital offense, for 17 years, let alone 7 years, because there are strict time limits and strict circumstances under which a second petition could be filed.  Now, one of the problems here is that we confuse all crimes with apples and oranges. We hear about delay all the time, and it is true, with all due respect, even the Kyl amendment will not fundamentally change the delay. If you take a look at where the delay occurs--and just pick this one case that we talk about--and I will get the second graph, if I can, about the length of delay in State courts versus Federal--the case often cited is this Guerra case, to find out how long this fellow, after having been convicted, languished in, at the expense of the taxpayers, a prison avoiding the inevitable.  Of the delays that took place, only--still, there are delays--24 percent of them were because of what the Federal courts did. And 76 percent, or 9 years 2 months' worth of delays had nothing to do with the Federal courts. They were all in the State court in the State of Texas. [[Page S7832]]   Leave that graph up for another moment, please. I want to make sure everybody understands. The State of Texas, under State court and State law, provided for 9 years 2 months' worth of delay.  The Federal courts, having Federal habeas available, did, in fact, add to the delay, 2 years and 10 months. But let us eliminate, as my friend from Arizona wishes to do, in effect, the ability of the Federal courts to get into the game. There still would have been a 9-year-2-month delay in the execution of a man who was convicted and should have been put to death. The point is, the end result of all this was he ended up with a granting of habeas in the end. The point is, it was 9 years 2 months in the State court.  In the State of California, we heard a lot of talk about how Federal habeas corpus causes all these delays. The delays in execution of the death penalty, much of the responsibility is in the State courts. The California experience: California's Supreme Court has on its docket four capital cases that have been fully briefed for over 7 years, but the State court has not even heard the argument yet. It has nothing to do with the Federal courts. You have four cases, as of a month ago, when this chart was made up for a hearing. Maybe something has happened in the last month, but as of a month ago, there were four capital cases in the California Supreme Court where the petitioners seeking redress filed their briefs 7 years ago, and the State court has not even acted yet. Translated, that means 7 years living off the taxpayers in an air-conditioned cell because the California State Supreme Court has not even looked at the briefs or, if they looked at them, have not told anybody they looked at them.  The California Supreme Court has taken more than 8 years to decide 24 of the cases in which it affirmed the death penalty.  One State habeas petition has been pending for 4\1/2\ years and another has been pending for 6 years. This is not even getting to the Federal court.  The reason I cite this is the distinguished former Member of Congress and attorney general of the State of California, Mr. Lungren, came before our committee and said, ``The Federal courts should work like the State courts work. My State of California really knows what it is doing.'' Look at what the State of California knows.  I understand the anger. I feel angry and aggrieved as an American citizen that convicted killers are in California sitting in the jails for 7 and 8 years because the court has not even gotten around to listening to what they have to say. You cannot put them to death, because they filed a petition but they have not gotten around to looking at the petition.  What are we doing, though, when we decide that we are angry about that? We are saying the answer is get the Federal Government out of this, the Federal courts out of this. That does not solve the problem, but it creates another problem. The problem it creates when there is no Federal habeas corpus is bad decisions. Bad decisions made by State courts allow people who deserve another trial to not get it. Their constitutional rights are violated. A significant number of the habeas corpus petitions that are filed are granted.  I admit I cannot change the State of California. I have no authority as a Federal official to tell the State of California how they should look at their petitions. But I can do one thing. When it gets to the bottom here and they finally act, under the proposal I want, they get one chance to get into Federal court, to say the State court judges did not know what they were doing on the Constitution.  Keep in mind now, what I am proposing means when all this is done, within 6 months, the person in jail has to file a petition in Federal court. If they do not, they are out of luck, and they can only file a second petition under the same ground rules that my friends from the Republican Party, that Senator Specter and Senator Hatch's bill says, where we differ, which I will debate later, where we differ, Senators Specter, Hatch and Biden, is on what they are allowed to look at once they get that petition in front of them. I will speak to that later.  But look, I really think, to quote my old friend Sid Balick again, ``You gotta keep your eye on the ball here.'' The vast majority of us in this body want to and have been trying for years to change the old system to limit the time in which a petition can be filed and to limit the number of petitions that can be filed. So essentially you get one bite out of the apple.  What my friend from Arizona would do would deny that one bite. I ask you, what damage is done to the Nation allowing a person who, after the fact, learns that perjured testimony was used against him; after the fact, learns that information was made available to the prosecution which went to his innocence that was never made known to him; after the fact, after the fact, after the trial, after the appeals?  If you have to file it within 6 months, I do not know how much additional weight old Stafford would have gained in 6 months, but it would not have been 100 pounds. What is the alternative? The alternative, for example, in this Guerra case was when they finally got down to it, they granted his appeal. They said, ``Wait a minute, you did not get it right at the trial.''  But I, with the greatest amount of respect, suggest that although I understand the motivation, it will not speed up the process. All it will do is enhance the likelihood that a person whose constitutional rights have been denied--and those constitutional rights usually relate to whether they are innocent or guilty--whether they have had a chance to make their case.  Senator Kyl's amendment would bar a prisoner even from being able to file a habeas petition if the State court system has in place what are determined to be adequate and effective procedures to test the legality of the prisoner's detention.  This amendment makes clear that the State court need not have gotten the result right in a particular case and, in fact, it need not even have applied its system fairly in a particular case. All it says is they have to have had a process, and if they had a process, even though it may not have been applied fairly in a particular case, even though it may not have gotten the result right on a constitutional basis, the Federal court cannot look at it.  Everyone agrees that there is a need to end the delays in the system. It just does not work right now. But I also think everyone agrees that there should be a fair process and one that does not execute innocent people.  We know most prosecutors and law enforcement officers are honorable. Most cases proceed fairly, and we can have confidence in the result. Under my approach, after the first petition, most of that will be made clear. They will be rejected and they will be put to death. And I support the death penalty. The Biden crime bill is the only reason why, if McVeigh is convicted in Oklahoma, he would be put to death. I wrote the law. If he is tried in Federal court without that law having been passed, he could not be put to death. I support the death penalty. But I do not support a reasonable ability for a person, if they have a strong case, to suggest they did not get a fair trial, to be able to have one bite out of the apple to determine in Federal court whether that was true.  We all know that occasionally prosecutors or cops act in bad faith, as Senators do, as doctors do, as lawyers do, as housewives do. Every one of our professions, every one of them, has some bad apples. So, occasionally, prosecutors or cops act in bad faith and there are cases which have demonstrated that. As we all know, our judicial system will make honest mistakes and has done so.  The recent case of Kirk Bloodworth is one example. Bloodworth was convicted and sentenced to death for the rape and murder of a young girl. After a new trial, he was again convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment. Subsequent DNA testing confirmed his innocence. Bloodworth lost 9 years of his life because of the error in our legal system. Habeas corpus has existed to correct just such errors, and to ensure that there will never be another Leo Frank, another innocent person who has been executed.  You do not have to have 17-year delays to ensure that. You do not have to have any delay to ensure that. But what you have to have is the ability of a Federal court, on one occasion, to look at the facts in the petition and [[Page S7833]] make a judgment as to whether or not a new trial is warranted.  So I respectfully suggest that the debate between the Senator from Arizona and me is not about maintaining the status quo; it is about how we change the status quo. I respect the Senator's intelligence and motivation greatly. But I also respectfully suggest that his approach, A, does not solve the real problem--State court delay--and, B, takes away the one last shot, as a practical matter, that one has to get before a Federal court.  Now, I will acknowledge--and I suspect he would agree--that 75 years ago Federal review was probably needed much more than it is today, because the competence of State court justices was, in some cases, de minimis. And the prejudice that existed in some States--my own included--was real and palpable, making it very difficult for some people to get a fair trial and get their constitutional rights guaranteed. I acknowledge that. That is why the Leo Frank case generated a change in statutory habeas corpus. He was a Jew and he was put to death in large part because he was a Jew. Facts were overlooked, and a decade later it became clear from witnesses that he did not commit the crime.  Most States do not operate that way anymore. I will pick a State so that I am not being parochial and bragging about my State court system, and I will not brag about the Arizona State court system, which is very good. I know several of their State supreme court justices and State court judges. They are first rate. I will pick a State. I would rank the New York State court of appeals, their highest court, over the last 50 years, up against any Federal district court or Federal circuit court of appeals in the Nation. But I cannot say that for probably 20 States that I will not name, because it would be a violation of Senate rules, and because I would be maligning the justices of other States. But I will say, as Barry Goldwater once said, ``In your heart, you know I am right.'' In your heart, you know there are certain States you would just as soon not be tried in for a capital offense as other States.  So what this does--although I acknowledge that State courts get it right the vast majority of the times, I will put this in the negative--what damage is done by the proposal of time limits built into the proposal I am making and that are made, I might add, in the underlying bill, that say you have to file a petition within a certain amount of time and there is a limited circumstance under which you can file a second petition.  So for those reasons, and others which I will not take the time to speak to, I am going to oppose the amendment of my distinguished friend from Arizona.  Mr. President, Is any time left in opposition?  