  These events demand that we examine our current laws and practices to ensure that we are doing everything that is necessary and appropriate to guard against the threat. We must take strong action to counteract terrorism, both foreign and domestic.  There are steps we can take and should take.  Let me outline the key terrorism proposals from the President's bill that are contained in the substitute we will vote on shortly. These provisions include:  A new offense to assure Federal jurisdiction over all violent acts which are motivated by international terrorism.  This provision will cover gaps in current Federal law--for example, a terrorist who commits mass murder on private or State-owned property may now be subject only to State court jurisdiction.  This offense carries a new death penalty, complementing the terrorism death penalty in last year's crime bill.  The bill will implement an international treaty to require a detection agent to be added to plastic explosives.  It will enhance the Government's ability to obtain consumer credit reports and hotel/motel and vehicle rental records in foreign intelligence investigations. It does not change the law governing such information for domestic investigations.  It gives the Government greater ability to exclude from entering the United States those aliens who are involved in terrorist activities.  Let me also mention the amendments offered by Democrats to add tough law enforcement provisions to the Republican bill.  The Lieberman amendment, which was adopted, expands wiretap authority. It gives new authority for multiple-point wiretaps provided to Federal law enforcement.  Another Lieberman amendment, which was defeated, with no Republicans voting for it, gives authority for emergency wiretaps--identical to authority currently available for organized crime investigations--in terrorist investigations.  The Feinstein amendment, which was adopted, requires taggants. It gives authority to Secretary of the Treasury to require taggants in explosives. Taggants assist law enforcement by providing a means to trace the source of an explosive.  The Nunn-Thurmond-Biden-Warner amendment, also adopted, gives new assistance against chemical and biological weapons. The posse comitatus exception to allow the use of military to assist in the investigations of chemical and biological weapons.  The Kerrey amendment, also adopted, increases funding for Federal antiterrorist enforcement. It adds $262 million for ATF new explosives investigators and for Secret Service security initiatives.  The Boxer amendment, again, adopted, increases penalties for gun and explosives crimes. It extends statute of limitations for National Firearms Act offenses.  A Levin amendment, adopted by the Senate, increases penalties for the use of explosives.  A Feinstein amendment, again, adopted, prohibits the distribution of bombmaking material intended to be used for a crime.  A Leahy amendment, first as adopted, assists victims of terrorist attacks. It provides assistance and compensation for victims of terrorist attacks.  The Leahy-McCain amendment, as adopted, raises special assessment on criminal penalties.  The Specter-Simon-Kennedy amendment, as adopted, deports criminal aliens. It enhances protection of classified information when deporting alien terrorists.  Another Feinstein amendment, also adopted, increases international efforts against terrorism. It prohibits arms sales to countries who are not cooperating fully with U.S. antiterrorist efforts.  Particularly with these tough amendments now added to the bill, this counterterrorism is a big step forward [[Page S7857]] in giving law enforcement new tools to fight and prevent terrorism. I urge my colleagues to support the bill.  