 President, let me very briefly state where we are right now. You can see the staffs scurrying around here. We have reached a meeting of the minds on two-thirds of the amendments that I have offered here. The staff is trying to get precise language that would accommodate the mutual agreement we have made here thus far. But there is going to be one part of my amendment that is still going to be pertinent, and I will speak to that later. But the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania and I would like to enter into a brief colloquy on what I think will be the only remaining part of disagreement in the Biden amendment that was sent up.  Very briefly, Mr. President, there were two sections of the Biden amendment, one relating to counsel for an indigent in the filing of a habeas corpus petition. The second provision is what the Senator from Utah spoke to, and that is the ability under present law for the counsel of an indigent person to go to a judge, without notifying the prosecutor he is going to the judge, and in private--we call it in camera--say, judge, I need you to authorize my ability to go hire a psychiatrist for the following reasons, or hire an investigator [[Page S7815]] for the following reasons. The distinguished Senator from Utah is worried about that provision and suggests that that portion of the law is presently being abused. I do not believe it is abused.  I want to make a very brief statement now as to why I think that and why I am going to pursue in my follow-on amendment here the elimination of the provision in the Republican bill that would delete the possibility of an indigent defense counsel going to a judge on his own. The reason for that is as follows:  Right now, if I am a prosecutor and I get a lead as to how I can make my case better to prove the defendant did the deed, I can hire--I can use--an investigator to go investigate that. If I believe there is a need to make a case that the defendant is, in fact, perfectly sane and not insane, I can hire a psychiatrist.  I can use investigative tools without ever having to go to the defendant's counsel and say, ``By the way, here is what I am going to do. I am going to hire this psychiatrist to prove that your defendant, your client, is sane.'' Or, ``I am going to hire two investigators to go down to Second and Vine and prove that the stoplight does not exist there,'' or whatever.  So no one quarrels with that. If I am a lawyer who is hired by private funds to defend an accused person, I am not required to telegraph to the prosecutor that I have hired a private detective to investigate a lead in a particular city. I do not have to tell the prosecutor that.  My worry is that if we change the law as proposed in the core legislation, that what will be required for an indigent defense counsel is to walk into court, walk into the chambers of a judge and say, by the way, judge, we better call in the prosecutor, and sit the prosecutor down and say, now I want to say, judge, I need your authority to allow me to go hire an investigator. Here are the reasons that I want to hire the investigator. The prosecutor is sitting there taking notes about my case.  Now, that is why I think we should not delete this portion of the law.  