 President, I rise to join with my colleague from Vermont, Senator Jeffords, in support of the Montreal Protocol Fund--an extraordinarily successful multilateral agreement to phase out the use of ozone-depleting chemicals.  Since the early 1970's, scientists from both academia and the business community have warned us that the use of chlorofluorocarbons--commonly known as CFC's--as refrigerants and solvents damages the Earth's stratospheric ozone shell.  This ozone shield absorbs some of the sun's harmful ultraviolet, or UV radiation. Increased amounts of this radiation will raise the risk of skin cancer and cataracts, impair the functioning of human immune systems, and could adversely impact the global food supply.  As a direct consequence of CFC use, scientists identified literally a hole in the ozone layer over Antarctica, in 1985.  An intensive investigation concluded that this hole, which increased each consecutive year from 1990 to 1994, and which is expected to enlarge again this year to over 3.9 million square miles--roughly the size of Europe, was caused by chlorine from dissolved CFC compounds.  The ensuing inquiry also detected falling concentrations of ozone over the North and South Temperate Zones--the former includes the United States incidentally.  In response to this growing threat, 47 of the world's developed and developing countries joined together in September 1987, and formed the Montreal Protocol.  This agreement bound the leading ozone-using countries to first freeze, and later phaseout, the use of these chemicals.  At present, over 120 countries have voluntarily signed onto the Protocol, making it the broadest and most successful international collaboration in world history.  Protocol member nations have accelerated the CFC phaseout schedule twice, and have agreed upon a complete elimination of halons in 1994, and of CFC's by the end of this year.  Protocol member nations also recognized that the disproportionate reliance upon ozone-depleting substances by the developing world threatens to eliminate any progress.  Consequently, 30 developed nations formed the Montreal Protocol Fund in 1990, to provide technical assistance to developing nations, as they make the transition to less harmful technologies.  To date, roughly $350 million has been committed for 900 projects in more than 85 developing countries. When fully implemented, these projects are anticipated to cut the developing countries' use of ozone-depleting chemicals by almost one-third--55,000 tons.  A recent report produced under the auspices of the United Nations Environmental Program indicates we are making some headway--since 1989, the rate of growth of major ozone-depleting substances in the stratosphere has declined significantly.  Yet, further reducing CFC's remains critical. Earlier this year, the World Meteorological Organization reported that ozone levels were 10 to 15 percent below long-term averages, with a 35-percent depletion over Siberia. In fact, the past 3 months saw the most depletion ever.  Mr. President, the United States is responsible for a small portion of the Montreal Protocol Fund's resources. Yet, even though we have the most to gain, we are currently $28 million in arrears.  Shrinking away from our commitment, going back on our word as the committee has suggested by eliminating the account, will severely hamper developing countries' transition to non-CFC technologies.  Additionally, our industrial allies will likely refuse to adopt added measures to further reduce ozone-depleting chemicals which are not currently controlled.  Many American businesses, which are now world leaders in the manufacturing of non-CFC refrigerants and solvents, will also suffer.   Mr. President, regrettably, my home State of Delaware is one of the national leaders in terms of the incidence of cancer. Delaware ranks among the top 10 nationally in breast, lung, and bladder cancer.  We have put a lot of work into identifying the causes, but we don't yet know what in our environment, or what aspects of our behavior, are leading to these cancer cases.  For that reason alone, Mr. President--and perhaps it is a selfish reason and I make no apologies--I want to prevent the increase of cancer-causing UV radiation.  Delaware is a coastal State, and during the summer months hundreds of thousands of people flock to our shoreline to enjoy our beaches. I don't want these people or anyone in America, to unknowingly be exposed to harmful doses of UV radiation because this Nation walked away from its responsibility.  The Montreal Protocol is enormously successful, and we are making solid, substantial progress in decreasing the use of CFC's in the developing counties.  This success needs to be continued. I urge my colleagues--support this worthy program and send a signal to the world community that America remains a leader.  