 President, I realize the majority leader is very busy, and he has a lot of pieces of legislation he has to deal with and a lot of other matters relating to national responsibilities and the Republican Party.  However, I want to point out to him, he keeps talking about 60-some amendments. It is down to 16 amendments, No. 1. No. 2, of the 16 amendments, there are only 4 amendments that there is a problem with here. The four amendments relate to guns.  That is what this is about. The President wanted wiretapping authority in this. We have an amendment for that. The other side does not want to get tough on those terrorists and allow the Government to wiretap them. I understand that. It is a civil liberties issue from their perspective. I understand it. But the President wanted it.  The President wanted posse comitatus, but apparently some of the posses out West do not want posse comitatus change, so we will have a vote on it.  The President also wants it in this bill. He wanted some authority relating to immigration that the other side does not want. It was in his bill. They took it out. I understand. That is one of the amendments in here.  There are four amendments, five amendments, with regard to time agreements--the longest 90 minutes, the shortest 20--relating to habeas corpus. The President says he wants habeas corpus. He did not say he wants the Republican habeas corpus; he says he wants habeas corpus. We want to give the Senate the one the President wants, not the one the Republicans want. We want to debate it.  So, look, the amendments we are talking about here, all of which have time agreements on them, all of which, on our side, have time agreements on them, are amendments--but for four of them--that the President does want or wants a version of them different than the one in the Republican bill.  So I would like to ask this question: Why do we not have a cloture vote on those four gun amendments, because that is what this is about. Why not have a cloture vote on those? And why do we not move on with the rest of these? And if we get cloture on those four amendments, fine. No problem. They are gone. I am sure they will come back. But they are gone. I do not want them on this bill. I did not want any of these on this bill.  But we should get something straight here. This is an interesting way to proceed. There was a bill that was brought up, not out of committee--which I understand and I am not being critical of--and it gets brought up on the floor, everybody not having not had a chance to read it, because it is a Republican bill that was not finalized on the day we started to debate it, and I understand that, too.  Everybody put all these place holder amendments out there. There were 60, 70, 80, 100, I do not know what the number was, a humongous number. So we stayed here late 1 day, Senator Hatch and I, to get a finite list so no one could add more amendments. So we get a finite list and we list them. And then the leader comes back before we voted on any of them and he files a cloture petition.  Now, I realize this will be lost on the public, and I understand this is inside baseball. I understand this is the Senate. I hope the press understands it, though. Then the leader looks down and says, ``OK, you now have shown me your list. You have agreed this is a limited list. Now I want to go down the list. I don't like that one, that one, that one, that one, so I'm filing cloture. Gotcha.''  Look, whether there is a time agreement, we walked out of here and came out of a caucus. I did what I committed to do. And the leader did what he committed to do. I came out here and I said, ``OK, here is a time agreement with these four. Can we move them right away?''  I thought the Republican side was for it because they printed up a unanimous-consent agreement. All of a sudden, boom. We cannot debate them. Or we cannot vote on them. We have a Kerrey amendment. The President wanted the ATF involved. Apparently, the ATF is like holding up a cross to Dracula to some folks around here. He stood up and gave a time agreement of 30 minutes. He made his pitch on ATF, why they should be included the way the President wants them included. All of a sudden, there is silence on the other side, not a response, no question, just so we cannot vote on it.  What is this, legislation by fiat? Now, look, if this is about getting the bill done, which I thought that is what the cloture thing was about, getting it done, in the 2 hours we have wasted, we could have disposed of at least four of these amendments already. We can get this done.  But that is not what this is about. This is about making sure that the Republican bill stays the way they wrote it. And they are using legitimate procedural approaches under Senate rules to effectively make sure we cannot offer other amendments.  As a matter of fact, one of the four amendments that are about to be offered relative to guns, I am voting against. I do not think we should take away the civilian marksmanship money. Why can we not even allow the guy to raise it?  I tell Members, this is not about time, folks. Understand, this is not about time. This is not about anything other than making sure that the majority can dictate to the minority what they can bring up and under what circumstances they can bring it up. I suspect they would be very satisfied--I hope they would be satisfied--if they brought up all the amendments that would not fall when cloture was invoked, vote on them, and then try to make the rest of them fall.  I cannot think of any major bill--I am sure there is an exception to this--off the top of my head, any major bill, that did not have nongermane amendments in a technical sense attached to it. I cannot think of any. It is possible. I am sure there are some, but I cannot think of any. And we are acting like this is some kind of unusual procedure.  Look, we can give a time agreement on all the 16 amendments. It can all be [[Page S7748]] done--could have been done by tonight. It still can, if we are willing to stay in very late. We could be finished. We do not even have to get to cloture to get to final passage on this bill. But if there is another reason not to do that, I understand it. I respect the right of the Republican majority to deal with this under the rules. If they want to do that, fine. But, please, do not make anybody make any misunderstanding. There are not 60 amendments, there are not 50, there are not 40, there are not 20, there are 16 and dwindling. Four--five of which so far we have been told bluntly they will not allow us to vote on them.  The one--let me be precise. Four we are told we are not allowed to vote on. And, by the way, the longest one has a 60-minute time agreement on it. The others have 20-minute time agreements. And one of which I do not know what they are saying, on the Kerrey amendment about ATF.  I ask my friend from Utah, are we ready to vote on the Kerrey amendment?  