 President, a nation's budget reveals its fundamental values, its priorities, the problems that most concern its people. A budget can tell us a lot about how a nation's resources will be shared--which people, what activities will bear the tax burdens, and which people, which activities will be encouraged and rewarded.  We are debating here today perhaps the most important budget plan in my public career. This is the first time we have committed ourselves to a 7-year budget plan, and the first time we have committed ourselves to a path which ends in a balanced budget. If--and this is a big if--we stick to it, this budget will control our actions through the end of this century and beyond.  What statement does this document make about our country? What does this reconciliation bill say about our concerns, what does it say about our values?  Mr. President, as we debate this bill we face a number of fundamental problems in our country. High on the list of worries of the middle-class men and women I talk to in my State of Delaware is the need to restore faith in the American dream--a belief that their own hard work will earn them a decent living today, that their mothers and fathers will enjoy a secure and dignified retirement, and that there will be a better world for their sons and daughters.  And just as high on that list of Americans' concerns is a need to restore Americans' sense of fairness--a sense that we have a system that gives the average guy a fair shake, that does not turn its back on those who are less fortunate, a system in which the most fortunate meet their obligation to contribute to our shared needs.  This is a value increasingly at risk today.  How does this budget respond to those concerns, Mr. President? How does it reflect those middle-class values?  I am sorry to say that this budget will give middle-class Americans more reason to worry about the future. It weakens the foundation of future growth by making it harder for our children to get the education they need to become part of a high wage, high productivity, world class work force.  The lower, slower growth that is the inevitable result of this reconciliation bill will contribute to a further hollowing out of our middle class--an expanding gap between the few whose families can afford a more expensive ticket to a better future and those who cannot.  A weakened middle class increases social instability, and leads to the very real concerns about the future that we now see in the polls, and in our streets.  It threatens Americans' ability to control their own fate--no matter how hard they work, a weaker, slower growing economy will mean smaller wages and salaries, a bleaker future.  As unwise, as reckless as this bill is in its threat to our current and future standard of living, Mr. President, it is unconscionable in its abandonment of our commitment to our parents' generation.  It raises the cost of getting old in America, Mr. President. This reconciliation bill is a dark cloud over what should be the golden years of the generation that made us into a world power, that passed on to us the richest, most powerful country in the history of the world. How do we repay their hard work and sacrifice on our behalf?  This bill raises the cost of Medicare and Medicaid, and removes nursing home standards that demand basic human decency. It cuts more than $270 billion from Medicare over the next 7 years. Already today, seniors pay an average of 20 percent of their income for health care. This plan, will increase the premiums of a senior couple an additional $2,800 over the next 7 years.  This reconciliation bill continues to dump the burden on a middle class that is already getting clobbered. For more than a decade and a half, the median income in this country has been stuck in neutral--along with housing, the costs of education and health care are squeezing everything else out of middle-class budgets.  This bill increases health care costs of the retired parents of hard-working middle-class families. What are they going to do when grandma and grandpa come home and tell them that they will have to pay more out of their own fixed incomes to visit their own doctor? Will they turn their parents away? We all know the answer to that question, Mr. President--thank God, those middle-class families are going to remember their parents' sacrifices for them and for this country, and they are going to reach into their pockets and cover the new costs imposed by this bill.  At the same time, they are going to have to pick up the tab for more expensive college loans. It is the old squeeze play, Mr. President, and guess who is in the middle?  The saddest thing about this reconciliation bill may well be the missed opportunity it represents. I voted for the balanced budget amendment. I support not one, but two different budget resolutions that could have brought us to a balanced budget by the year 2002, the same target at which this reconciliation bill is aimed.  So I wish I could vote for a plan that would reach that goal. There are many possible plans, many possible paths to that goal. Some of those paths to a balanced budget would leave us a stronger, more competitive, and fairer country.  This one will not.  The question is not whether we should balance the budget. The question is not whether there must be sacrifice and change in the way we do business here. And for me, there is no question that we should make room for tax cuts, though more carefully drawn and targeted than those here before us today.  The question is how should we share the burden of the necessary sacrifice among the American people, and how should we allocate the necessary spending cuts to assure stronger, faster economic growth in the future.  This reconciliation bill has the wrong answers to those questions, Mr. President. It dumps the burdens of deficit reduction on those least able to bear it--deepening, not healing, the growing rifts in our society. And its short-sighted priorities--raising the cost of education, reducing health care and nutrition to the poorest children--weaken our ability to respond with a healthy, smarter workforce to the challenge of international economic competition.  I tried, along with a lot of my colleagues, to fix this bill. I offered an amendment that would give a $10,000 tax deduction to help middle-class families pay for the rising costs of a college education. I tried to reduce the fraud in the Medicare system--to save money that could have prevented some of the worst cuts this bill will impose.  I supported many other attempts to restore some fairness, some common sense, some more balanced priorities to this bill. Those attempts were defeated.  We are left with this fatally flawed bill.  And a final point, Mr. President. As someone who voted for the balanced budget constitutional amendment, I might be moved to overlook some flaws in a plan that offered real promise of bringing the Federal deficit down to zero. Unfortunately, this plan uses a bunch of budget gimmicks too long to list here to maintain an appearance of budget balance that may well never become a reality.  Most disturbing to me is the fact that only by counting the surplus in the Social Security System will this plan bring the deficit to zero in the year 2002. Without counting Social Security funds as part of the Federal Government's everyday income, something that is not permitted under our current budget laws, the Republicans' own Budget Office has told them that this budget will be out of balance by $105 billion in 2002.  But there are other problems, Mr. President--such as the heavy ``back loading'' of the spending cuts. This budget saves the real pain for the 6th and 7th years of this plan--a point when virtually no one here today would have to face the need to cut over $200 billion each of the last 2 years. Let us hope there will be more enthusiasm for those choices then, than there appears to be now.  This bill's gimmicks include asset sales--to make the books look better in the short run, but that will leave us poorer in the future. Again, this is a practice that should not be allowed under budget law, but it is in here nonetheless.  So this reconciliation bill does not express the values of the Americans I know, the values of the people of Delaware. It does not embody the principles of mutual obligation, of family continuity that the Americans I know share. It is an affront to any notion of family values.  It does not address middle-class Americans' valid concerns about the   future of our economy, and it does nothing to help us build the well-paid, high-productivity work force that will allow us to take control of our destiny.  Because I know we can do better, Mr. President, and because the American people deserve better, I will vote against this bill.  