 President, I shall not seek to have a vote on the amendment at this time, under the order.  My amendment is simple and straightforward. It leaves no room for guesswork about what it will mean. It gives the Congress the power to enact--it is a constitutional amendment--it gives Congress the power to enact a specific viewpoint-neutral statute, a statute making it unlawful to burn, mutilate or trample upon any flag of the United States, period. It does not matter who burns, mutilates, or tramples the flag, and it does not matter why. Under my proposal, it would be unlawful to do the flag harm, no ifs, ands, or buts. It makes a single exception for disposing of the flag when it has become worn or soiled, and it says a flag is what we all know a flag to be, that which is commonly displayed and is defined by the Congress. It rules out things like pictures of flags, napkins with flags on them, and other representations of the flag.  My proposal also gives the Congress the power to write appropriate penalties for violating the statute. Let me say at the outset that I am the first to acknowledge that the restriction on flag burning is a restriction on expressive conduct. There are no two ways about it. When Gregory Johnson burned the flag at the Republican convention in 1984 and chanted the words ``America, red, white, and blue, I spit on you,'' he was trying to say something. It may have been no more than an ``inarticulate grunt or roar,'' as Chief Justice Rehnquist puts it, but it was communicative nonetheless.  So let us be honest, any attempt to limit flag burning does limit symbolic conduct, but that was just as true back in 1989 when 91 Senators voted for my Flag Protection Act, which made it a Federal crime to burn, mutilate, or trample on the flag. Let us be honest about another thing. This first amendment does not give symbolic conduct, or any other kind of speech, for that matter, limitless protection. You cannot burn a draft card to protest the war, and you cannot sleep in Lafayette Park to protest the homelessness of America; you cannot spray paint your views on the Washington Monument; you cannot blast them from a sound truck in a residential neighborhood at 3 a.m. in the morning.  When we prohibit flag burning, we are not interfering with a person's freedom to express his or her ideas in any number of other ways. As four Justices noted in the Eichmann case--that is the one that declared my statute unconstitutional--it may well be true that other means of expression may be less effective in drawing attention to those ideas, but that is not itself a sufficient reason for immunizing flag burning. Presumably, a gigantic fireworks display or a parade of nude models in a public park might draw even more attention to a controversial message, but such methods of expression are nonetheless subject to regulation.  We limit the manner in which folks can express themselves all the time, as long as we limit everyone the same way. We cannot say that I can have a fireworks display and you cannot. We cannot say that one nude person could go through a park and another one cannot. We must treat all people the same--as long as we do it the same way. But we do limit the ways in which we can express ourselves. And that, Mr. President, is precisely the point.  We cannot let someone make a speech on top of the Capitol in favor of American involvement in Bosnia but tell the person with a contrary view that he cannot go up there and make the same speech. But we can tell them both, and everyone else, that no speeches can be made from the top of the Capitol dome. We just cannot choose among the speakers. We can, thus, restrict the time, place, and manner by which people express themselves. The thing we cannot do is regulate the content of their expression and discriminate between the various viewpoints being expressed.  I think that we can and that we should tell everyone they cannot burn the flag. I agree with Justices Warren, Fortas, and Black that the right to burn the flag does not sit at the heart of the first amendment. But I also agree with Justice Scalia when he said, ``The Government may not regulate speech based on hostility or favoritism toward the underlying message expressed.'' The point of the first amendment is that the majority preferences must be expressed in some fashion other than silencing speech on the basis of content. Yes, I agree with Justices Scalia, Rehnquist, Thomas, Kennedy, and O'Connor in their strong and unequivocal condemnation of viewpoint discrimination just last term in the Rosenberg case. I remind my colleagues, nobody has ever accused Justice Rehnquist of being a radical or a liberal, or Justice Scalia of being a radical or a liberal, or Justice Thomas of being a liberal, and the list goes on. Flag burning may not sit at the heart of the first amendment, but the principle against viewpoint discrimination does sit at the heart of the first amendment.  This is one of those defining constitutional principles that sets America apart and, in so many ways, above other nations. Here, the Government cannot regulate speech based on the viewpoint of the speaker. Here, the Government cannot pick and choose between speech it likes and speech it does not like, and criminalize what it rejects but not what it respects.  That is the bedrock first amendment principle upon which my proposed amendment is based, and it is the principle--the core principle, in my view--that separates my proposal, my constitutional amendment, from the one proposed by Senators Hatch and Heflin.  Their amendment allows and, in fact, encourages viewpoint discrimination. Mine, flatly stated, prohibits it. Their amendment would send to jail a guy who burns the flag to protest the war, but not the guy who burns the flag to praise the war. My amendment would throw them both in jail, if that is what the Congress decides to legislate. Their amendment would make it a crime to walk on the flag at a college campus sit-in, but not at the war memorial. My amendment would criminalize both, if that is what the Congress legislated.  In my view, it does not matter why you burn or mutilate or trample on the flag; you should not do it, period. I do not care whether you mean to protest the war or praise the war or start a war. You should not do it. Our interest in the flag is in the flag itself as a unifying symbol. I might add, the person riding down Constitution Avenue watching the veteran burn the flag to memorialize his colleagues has no notion why he is doing it. All he knows is that the national symbol is being burned. Under their amendment, you would have to get close enough to hear what was being said in order to determine whether or not it should be allowed or not allowed. I find it no less demeaning that someone would, in order to pay respect to my deceased family, trample across our grave plots than I would if someone tramples across them to show disrespect. I do not want anybody trampling where my family is buried. I do not want anybody burning the flag, whether they are doing it to praise me or condemn me. They should not do it.  Our interest is in the flag--in the flag itself--not in advancing or silencing any particular idea that the flag destroyer might have in mind. But do not take my view for it, ask a Boy Scout. If a Scout sees a flag dip to the ground, he runs to pick it up, does he not? That is how I trained my boys and my daughter. That is how I was trained as a Scout from the time I was a little kid. It does not matter why it fell; do not let it touch the ground. He does not care why the flag is on the ground, he does not care who let it fall, he does not care what somebody might have been trying to say when they let the flag fall; all he knows is that the flag is something special and it should not be on the ground. And so it should be with all of us.  If the only justification for protecting this flag, Mr. President, and if it, in fact, is the unifying symbol of a diverse nation and it serves a greater Government purpose of holding us together or reminding us how we are the same and not different, if that is not the purpose, then this exercise is profane, the exercise we are undertaking is profane.  For what else is the reason? Interested in a cloth maker, we do not want them burned? Or we have a greater interest in cloth makers, so they can buy and sell more flags? What is the purpose?  It either unifies or does not; it either should be soiled or not soiled. We cannot have any other rationale that I can come up with. The flag is a cherished symbol, not as a vehicle for speech; it is a cherished symbol, period. That is why it should be protected.  That is what my amendment does. The amendment authorizes Congress, and Congress alone--not the States--for, as I said earlier, I do not want any other State defining to me what my national symbol means. This is a national symbol. This is the National Government, and the National Government should have unifying rules about the national symbol. That is what my amendment does. Only the National Government, speaking for the Nation as a whole, can speak to how we should treat that unifying symbol.  This means my amendment would not let some violate the physical integrity of the flag but not others. Under this amendment, no one will be able to do the flag harm. With viewpoint neutrality as its signpost, the amendment preserves the first amendment's cardinal value.  The amendment also ensures that the implementing legislation will be viewpoint neutral, and it makes sure that there will not be a patchwork of conflicting local flag protection laws. What will be a crime in Delaware will also be a crime in Utah. There will not be a place in the Nation you can go and legally burn my flag, our flag. We do not have a flag T-shirt contraband in Minnesota but it is all the rage down in Florida.  Under this amendment, unlike the Hatch-Heflin provision, we know what we are getting. We are getting legislation that protects the flag while at the same time preserves our speech; at the same time, presenting prosecutions and convictions based upon viewpoint discrimination.  To be sure, my amendment impacts first amendment values, but I believe, on balance, that it stands in the proud tradition of many legal scholars from Justices Harlan to Fortas, from Black to Stevens, from Chief Justice Warren to Justice Burger, who believe that flag protection and free expression are not incompatible.  I join them in believing that the singular symbol of our Nation ought to be protected. They recognize, as Justice Holmes once said, ``We live by symbols.'' We live by symbols. I share that view. We must protect both the flag and the first amendment. One is a symbol, the other is the heart of the Nation and who we are as a people.  We must protect the flag because it is a unique and unifying symbol of our Nation, and we must protect the first amendment because it is our single greatest guarantee of freedom in this country.  The amendment that I propose today does nothing more than authorize a single law protecting the flag. It does nothing less than respect the core first amendment values of neutrality and equality. We can protect both the flag and the liberties for which it stands, but, in my humble opinion, the Heflin-Hatch amendment sacrifices one for the other. I will at the appropriate time strongly urge my colleagues to reject their amendment and hopefully vote for mine, instead.  In conclusion, Mr. President, I also respect those who believe my amendment should not become part of the Constitution. I respect them very much. What I do not think anyone can disagree with is that there is a fundamental distinction between the amendment in terms of its impact on the first amendment.  My objective here, as much as protecting the flag, is in fact to protect and guarantee the first amendment. As I say, there is no one on this floor since I have been here who has been more deeply involved in attempting to protect the flag than I have.  I authored the first statute that passed. I authored this amendment 5 years ago, but I do not take kindly to the notion that we are going to consider an amendment that may very well pass, that will, in fact, allow the Federal Government and State Governments for the first time to choose among the types of speech they wish us to be able to engage in: criminalize one, and not the other. If it is a national symbol, protect it, period.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Frist). The Senator from South Carolina.  