 President, in the interest of time because there are other amendments and a lot more to do on this bill, let me briefly explain this amendment and then yield to the chairman of the subcommittee for any comments that he would like to make, and he surely knows the mechanics of this better than I.  Mr. President, in order to restore every single piece of the Violence Against Women Act funding, there is a requirement that would be required that we would have to have had $76.7 million.  Just to give my colleagues an idea what I mean about that, the violence against women grants; pro-arrest policy; rural domestic violence, court-appointed special counsel, national stalker reduction, training programs, Federal victims counselors, grants for televised testimony, State databases, national baseline study for campus sexual assault, equal justice for women in courts, training grants for State courts, training for Federal and judicial personnel, Federal Judicial Center, and Administrative Office of the Courts, are all recipients of some portion of the violence against women funding.  Unfortunately, all we have available is $75 million, not $76.7 million to make this account totally whole.  So my amendment lays out which portions of all of those functions that I have just read are fully funded and which are not able to be funded with this addition of $75 million.  I want to put this in context. We are going to be funding $175 million out of $76.7 million. This is a $75 million increase. I wish it were a $76.7 million increase, but then again, as my friend, the chairman of the full committee is saying, I am being a little greedy in that regard. I realize every program has to take a little bit of hit.  So what we do in a nutshell is we add $75 million in the accounts that we may call the violence against women grants, pro-arrest policy, the rural domestic violence, court-appointed advocate programs, national stalker legislation, training programs, Federal victims counselors--we are not able to fully fund the grants for televised testimony. That was originally in our legislation--$250 million. It is funded at only $50 million. We are able to fund fully the State database. We are not able to fund the national baseline study on campus sexual assault at this moment. We are not able to fund equal justice for women in State courts, training for Federal judicial personnel, Federal Judicial Center, and Administrative Office of the Courts.  So that is what the additional $75 million goes to make whole.  I would be delighted to yield to the chairman of the committee for any comments, and thank him, by the way, for keeping--as he always does with me and with everyone else I know--a commitment. He told me that if he had the money he would make this account at least mostly whole. He got the money, and he did just that. And I thank him for that.  I yield the floor.  