 President, last September I voted for a tough welfare reform bill. I supported--and I still strongly support--a comprehensive overhaul of the welfare system.  Too many welfare recipients spend far too long on welfare and do far too little in exchange for their benefits. Many of those who manage to get off the welfare rolls only end up back on them after a short period of time. And, for some, generations have made welfare their way of life.  This is unacceptable. And, the American people rightly are demanding reform.  Last September, I outlined how I think we should reform the welfare system. Welfare recipients would be required to work in exchange for their benefits. The time a person could spend on welfare would be limited. Child care would be provided so that children would not be left home alone. A safety net would be retained for the innocent children. And, we would be as tough on the deadbeat dads who did not pay child support as we would be on the welfare mothers who did not work.  That is what I supported last September. And, that is what I voted for last September.  But, Mr. President, I did not vote to dismantle the child protection system. I did not vote to cut foster care. I did not vote to gut the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act. I did not vote to end the Federal Government's effort to help States prevent child abuse. I did not vote to cut the school lunch program. I did not vote to cut child nutrition programs. I did not vote to take away health care for pregnant women and children. And, I did not vote to eliminate the health and safety protections for kids in day care.  I voted for welfare reform. I did not vote for this bill.  I am reminded of the children's fable where the lesson was: beware of the wolf in sheep's clothing.  Mr. President, this bill is a wolf in sheep's clothing. This bill uses welfare reform as a mask for an all-out assault on the most vulnerable of America's children--many of whom are not on welfare. This bill uses welfare reform as a cover for the extreme, mean-spirited policies emanating from the House.  Look behind the so-called welfare reform. Strip away the wool of the sheep, Mr. President, and you are left with an awfully extreme wolf.  It did not have to be this way.  When I voted for the original welfare bill last September, I noted at the time that I had some reservations. But, the final product was a good-faith effort at a bipartisan compromise. And, despite the fact that I thought it could have been both tougher on work and more compassionate toward innocent children, I was not going to undermine the bipartisan compromise. Working out differences and coming to an agreement is what the American people sent us here to do.  But, what happened? The Senator from New York has pointed out that the House-Senate conference met once--for opening statements. Everything else was done behind closed doors without any participation by Democrats. The bipartisan compromise left the Senate and became the victim of House Speaker Gingrich's extremism.  So, Mr. President, while I was willing to overlook a few reservations last September for the sake of a bipartisan compromise on welfare reform, I am not willing to sacrifice my principles for the sake of one party's extremists--just because they call it welfare reform.  I urge my colleagues to reject this conference report and demand that we take up and pass real welfare reform.  