 President, I rise tonight to deplore the fall of the Bosnian City of Srebrenica.  Almost 2 years ago, when Srebrenica was under siege in the despicable policy of ethnic cleansing, instigated by President Milosevic of Serbia and executed by General Silajdzic and the leader of the Bosnian Serbs, Mr. Karadzic, I met with Mr. Milosevic to attempt to get into Srebrenica. I was unable to do that and went on up to Tuzla where hundreds, eventually thousands, of Bosnian Serbs and Croats were fleeing for their lives with all of their possessions on their back and their families in tow.  I met in Tuzla with a man and a woman in their early forties who told me they had to make a very difficult decision as they fled over the mountains into Tuzla from Srebrenica, because they could not get back in. And I was wondering what that terrible decision was they were about to tell me. They pointed out they had left to die on the mountain top in the snow the man's elderly mother who was 81. They had to choose between taking their kids or the mother-in-law, or the wife, who could make it, or no one making it.  The Bosnian Serb aggression and Serbian aggression--I know I sound like a broken record, I have been speaking about this for 2 years--seems to cause very little concern in this country and the world.  Mr. President, I think it is time for an immediate and fundamental change in our policy in the former Yugoslavia. Mr. President, the news this morning that the Bosnian Serbs have overrun, finally, Srebrenica, one of the United Nations' so-called safe areas, puts the final nail in the coffin of a bankrupt policy in the former Yugoslavia, begun by the Bush administration and continued with only minor adjustments by the Clinton administration.  Given the feckless performance of the United Nations in Bosnia, it is no surprise that the Bosnian Serbs continue to violate several United Nations resolutions, and do it with impunity, and then thumb their nose at the entire world and the peacekeeping force there.  In Srebrenica, the United Nations first disarmed the Bosnian Government military. I want to remind everybody of that. The Bosnian Government military was in Srebrenica, as in other safe areas, fighting the onslaught of Serbs with heavy artillery. The solution put forward by the United Nations, after having imposed an embargo on the Bosnian Government, was to go in and take the weapons from the Bosnian Serbs, the Bosnian military in Srebrenica, in return for a guarantee of protection for six safe areas. That was the deal.  It was supposed to be putting the city and the surrounding areas under the protection of the United Nations. Then the United Nations, of course, did not live up to its half of the bargain. Its blue-helmeted peacekeepers were kept lightly armed and, as a consequence, unable to withstand a Bosnian Serb onslaught. NATO air strikes were called for by the Dutch blue hats. The United Nations concluded that this was not a good time to do that. NATO air strikes were eventually called in too late to have any effect. The safe area of Srebrenica proved to be safe only for Serbian aggressors.  Srebrenica was filled with thousands of Moslem refugees from elsewhere in eastern Bosnia, the victims of the vile Serbian practice that they refer to as ethnic cleansing, the very people the United Nations pledged to protect in return for them giving up what few weapons they had. The United Nations defaulted on its honor. It has disgraced itself. And these pathetic souls, already once driven from their ancestral homes, are now reportedly fleeing Srebrenica to an uncertain fate in undetermined locations, and I expect many will meet the fate of that family I visited in Tuzla a year and a half ago.  Could the United Nations have saved Srebrenica? Of course it could have, if it only allowed NATO to do its job promptly and fully. Perhaps the most frustrating and maddening aspect of the entire catastrophe is the fact that the Bosnian Serbs were able to defy NATO, which has been hobbled by being tied to the timorous U.N. civilian command, led by Mr. Akashi.  Mr. President, we must immediately change the course of our policy in the former Yugoslavia. First of all, as I and others have been saying in this Chamber for more than 2 years, we must lift the illegal and immoral arms embargo on the Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina. A resolution to that effect, which I am cosponsoring, will be introduced next week. I am confident that it will pass with a comfortable majority.  Mr. President, the fall of Srebrenica has given the lie to pundits in the United States--but especially in Western Europe--who have ceaselessly issued dire warnings that if the United States would unilaterally lift the arms embargo, the Bosnian Serbs would then overrun the eastern enclaves.  Well, Mr. President, apparently, someone forgot to explain this causal relationship to the Serbs. I suppose the apostles of appeasement will now say that if we lift the embargo, the Bosnian Serbs will overrun the remaining two enclaves, or maybe Sarajevo, or maybe Western Europe. After all, Mr. President, we have been led to believe that we are facing a juggernaut. That is nonsense. We are talking about a third-rate, poorly motivated, middle-aged force that has to dragoon its reserves from the cafes of Belgrade to fight.  In reality, of course, this tiresome rhetoric has been a smokescreen for doing nothing, for sitting back and watching this vile ethnic cleansing, mass rapes, cowardly sniping at children, and other military tactics at which the Bosnian Serbs excel. ``How regrettable,'' the appeasers say publicly. ``But as long as these quarrelsome south Slavs contain their feuding to Bosnia,'' they add, ``then it is nothing to get too exercised about.''  Well, Mr. President, it is something to get exercised about. The geostrategic reality of the 21st century is that the primary danger to peace will most likely come from regional ethnic crises. We must not allow cold-blooded aggressors like Karadzic and Milosevic to get away with their terrorism. Europe, unfortunately, has other potential Karadzics and Milosevics.  After we lift the arms embargo on Bosnia and Herzegovina, we should immediately put into place a program to train Bosnian Government troops, probably in Croatia.  We should make clear that we are not neutral parties in this conflict, we are on the side of the aggrieved party, the Bosnian Government.  This does not require a single American troop to set foot in Bosnia and Herzegovina. I have been told time and again that these folks cannot defend themselves. Well, of course they cannot defend themselves, they have no weapons.  We should make it clear, Mr. President, that we are no longer signing on to this incredible policy that has been promoted in Europe.  We should call an emergency session of the North Atlantic Council and tell our allies that NATO must immediately remove itself from the U.N. chain of command in the former Yugoslavia. The conflict there already constitutes a clear and present danger to the European members of the alliance. NATO does not need the blessing of the United Nations to protect its members' vital interests.  Furthermore, we should restate to our NATO allies who have peacekeeping troops in Bosnia and Croatia that we will stand by President Clinton's commitment to extricate them, but only if the entire operation is under the command of the Supreme Allied Commander in Europe, a United States general, and only if the operation is fully conducted under NATO rules of engagement.  We should give immediate public warning to the Bosnian Serbs and their patrons in Belgrade that any further locking-on of radar to American planes flying over Bosnia will be cause for total destruction of the Bosnian Serb radar facilities, which is fully, totally within our capacity to do. Serbia should be given fair warning that if it tries to intervene, it, too, will receive immediate and disproportionate attacks on Serbia proper.  There is no reason why our British, French, Dutch, and other NATO allies should object to this policy. If, however, Mr. President, they do not wish to follow our lead, then we should remind them that four years ago they wanted to handle this southern European problem themselves. And we should say, ``Well, good luck, it is now your problem, handle it.''  I do not think for a minute, Mr. President, they will take on that responsibility. It is about time this President and this administration understands that we either should do it our way or get out.  Mr. President, nothing good can come out of this latest fiasco in Bosnia. The United Nations has been definitively discredited. NATO has been defied. As usual, defenseless and blameless Bosnian Moslems have been brutalized.  This madness must stop, Mr. President. We must change our policy immediately. Tomorrow is not soon enough.  I yield the floor.  