 President, this is the first of a series of several amendments relating to habeas corpus. Habeas corpus is probably the most time honored phrase in our English jurisprudential criminal justice system, referred to as the Great Writ. But it is not very well understood by a vast majority of people including many lawyers.   I say at the outset here that one of the things we are going to hear today--we are going to hear a great deal about how the system is abused. We are going to be told that time and again. We will see charts. We have been seeing these charts for years that show that a man or woman, in almost every case it has been a man, who has been sentenced to death, because of a series of frivolous appeals and successive habeas corpus petitions has remained in a prison cell and alive for--some of the examples of 10, 12, 14, 18 years after having committed the crime and having been convicted by a jury of their peers and having exhausted their appeals--after having committed a heinous crime. And we are left with the impression that the choice here is a stark choice between a continuation of a system where everybody convicted of a heinous crime and sentenced to death languishes in a prison for a decade or more, costing the system money and avoiding their ultimate fate that the choice is between that system and a system that essentially eliminates the right of a Federal court to review the actions taken by a State court to determine whether or not someone had been granted a fair trial. That is what habeas corpus is all about. Habeas corpus is all about saying when so and so is convicted, they were deprived of certain rights and opportunities and that they were not given a fair shake in the system.  Habeas corpus came about and really came in the forefront of the American political and legal system around 1917 when the State of Georgia put to death someone who by everyone's account should not have been put to death, and there was no ability of the Federal court to review the actions taken by the Georgia State court. The reason I give this background--and in light of the fact that I got here a few minutes late and there are Senators who have commitments early in the morning on this, I am going to shorten this particular amendment. But what we are told is that--and you will hear time and again this morning--the system is terrible, everyone abuses the system, and essentially State courts do a good job. Why have the Federal courts in this thing at all? I realize I am putting colloquial terms to this, but that is the essence of it.  The amendments that I am going to offer today and others will offer today are not designed to maintain the system as it is. We will show in future amendments that, if we amend the habeas corpus law the way we would like to as opposed to the way it is in the Republican bill, you still would have a situation where someone would have to have their fate executed and carried out after a trial by their peers and a finding of guilt within a very short amount of time. You would not have these 12-, 14-, 16-, or 18-year delays in implementing a court's decision.  As my former associate--I was his associate--a very fine trial lawyer in Wilmington, DE, always would say to the jury, ``I hope we keep our eye on the ball here.'' I want us to try to focus, if we can, this morning. My colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle have repeatedly said in this bill that we must do something to ensure swift punishment of those who committed the Oklahoma City bombing. That is supposedly why, you might wonder, in a terrorism bill there is habeas corpus.  Well, the constant argument put forward is, look, we have to do this because once we find the person who did this awful thing in Oklahoma and they are convicted and sentenced to death, the death penalty must be carried out swiftly. I might add, a bill that the Presiding Officer and I voted for, the Biden crime bill, is the only reason there is a death penalty. Had we not voted for that bill, had that not passed last year, this finding of a person who committed the bombing, that person under Federal law would not be eligible to be put to death. There is no question that because of the action you and I and others took last year there is a death penalty now.  So unlike the World Trade Tower, no death penalty would be there under Federal law had we not passed the Biden crime bill then. Now there is. But they say now, once we find this person, we are going to go put them to death, what we have to do--this will be a Federal prison because under Federal law they will be prosecuted, not under the Oklahoma law but Federal law. They are eligible for the death penalty, and they will be convicted--I assume, and it is our fervent hope they will be convicted--and now they get sentenced to death. And the President and the Attorney General say they want the death penalty for whomever is convicted. My friends say, well, what we have to do now is have habeas corpus changed so no one will languish in prison. I do not think there is anybody in the Federal system right now--and I am looking to my staff for confirmation--who sits on death row filing habeas corpus petitions. There is one habeas corpus petition that has been filed in the Federal system.  So what I want to say to my friends--and I will put the rest of this in the Record--is this has nothing to do with terrorism. Not one of the horror stories Senator Hatch has given or has given us on the Senate floor relates to a terrorist who was prosecuted in the Federal court. They all relate to someone who is prosecuted in State court and has spent too long sitting on death row. There are useful and practical steps we can take to prevent future terrorist activities. We can reform habeas corpus petitions for State court prisoners. But in reforming habeas corpus petitions for State court prisoners, not one of them will affect terrorism because--I want to make it real clear--if we have a terrorist convicted under Federal law in a Federal court, then Federal habeas applies.  So my amendment is very simple. It says if you want to deal with terrorism, that is the purpose of putting habeas corpus in this bill and then limit it to Federal cases; limit it to Federal prisoners. That is the stated purpose. Do not go back and change the whole State court system. Do not go back and change the whole State habeas system on this bill. Debate it on a bill which should be the crime bill that is coming up in the next couple of weeks we are told.  There was a lot of discussion yesterday about nongermane amendments. This amendment strikes the 95 percent of the habeas bill that is not germane and keeps the 5 percent that is germane. Ninety-five percent of what my friends have in this bill relates to State prisoners, State courts, and has nothing to do with terrorism, nothing to do with Oklahoma City, but 5 percent arguably does.  My amendment says let us pass the 5 percent that has to do with Federal prisoners held in Federal prisons convicted in Federal courts and change the habeas the way they want for those prisoners. That will deal with Oklahoma City the way they say they want it and it will not mess up the 95 percent of the cases that deal with the State prisoners in State prisons in State courts and deny essentially Federal review of those State decisions.  So I will reserve the remainder of my time by saying that it is simple. My amendment simply says, all right, if this is about Oklahoma City, let us have it about Oklahoma City. The provisions in the bill relate to Federal prisoners and Federal habeas corpus.  Parliamentary inquiry: How much time remains?  