 President, H.R. 889, the defense supplemental appropriations bill, has provided us an early rehearsal for a larger debate that will no doubt last throughout this session of Congress and beyond.  This debate takes place at two levels: First, we will be deciding how best to provide for our Nation's defense--for now, and for the long term. At another level, we will be setting priorities for the monumental task of restoring balance to the Federal budget.  This bill is before us today because we must fund unanticipated Defense Department expenses--for our operations in Haiti, Somalia, Bosnia, Cuba--out of funds that were originally intended to support normal, peacetime functions.  [[Page S3960]] Eventually, the cost of those unforeseen operations took their toll on the ability of our armed services to pay for some of those training functions. I believe that it is now clear that we need a better way--a contingency fund, for example--to deal with the inevitable, but unpredictable tasks that our Armed Forces will be asked to undertake.  Unfortunately for colleagues in the House took a very short-sighted approach in their search for the funds needed to meet this year's needs.  They decided to cut funds from two programs that are essential to our country's economic and military security.  They eliminated the technology reinvestment program, cutting $502 million from this year's and next year's budgets. And they cut 25 percent, $107 million from the advanced technology program.  These programs are part of an established, bipartisan decision to maintain the technological advantage that we displayed so convincingly in the Gulf War and will continue to need to meet the threats the world now presents.  These programs are at the heart of an emerging base on domestic, American high-technology manufacturing capacity, the base we need to assure that we will continue to foster the discovery and development of the new ideas and products that the world's most sophisticated military demands.  To establish and maintain that base, these programs take advantage of our country's historical strength--our private economy. By making our Nation's high-technology industries partners in the development of the kinds of technologies and processes that future defense systems will require, we are building the essential foundation for our national security.  These programs are critical investments, in areas where there is the potential for both commercial and military applications. The potential spillover from these programs in both kinds of applications means that without the incentives they provide, we would engage in wasteful duplication of commercial and military research, on the one hand, or miss the opportunity for important breakthroughs, on the other.  Mr. President, recent history and economic logic tell us that individual firms will not find it cost-effective to undertake the research and development that these programs support, because the payoffs are often unpredictable and many years in the making.  In addition to promoting the private sector's involvement in this kind of long-term undertaking to preserve our Nation's competitive edge in the world economy--our Government has the responsibility to provide for the common defense.  In this day and age, and certainly into the future, that constitutional responsibility will require the maintenance of an advanced manufacturing capability, along with the scientific knowledge, engineering skills, and information management that support it.  Consider, Mr. President, the kinds of projects that these program make possible. TRP is supporting the development of advanced composite materials for advanced aircraft propulsion systems. Advanced engine designs now being considered for future production could increase performance and fuel efficiency for both commercial and military aircraft.  This potential can only be realized if much of the metal engine structure in conventional designs is replaced with polymer composites that can be produced at reasonable cost.  Another TRP Program supports private industry in the development of low- and high-power high-temperature superconductor microwave components for commercial and defense satellites. These new components could radically reduce the size and the power consumption of critical satellite components, creating longer-lasting communications and weather satellites.  The ATP is supporting the development of manufacturing processes that can reduce by at least one third the cost of producing advanced composite components for use in thousands of different applications.  These advanced manufacturing processes are the key to reducing the overall cost of employing new materials, such as the aircraft engine parts in the TRP Program I mentioned.  And to illustrate the important public investment component in these projects, Mr. President, a recently awarded ATP grant supports the development of very large scale component parts that can be used on civilian as well as military infrastructure projects, such as auto and rail bridges.  As we look for ways to rehabilitate our neglected public facilities, at all levels of our Federal system, these new materials offer ways of repairing conventional structures as well as constructing new ones, with longer lasting, low-maintenance components.  Mr. President, only by supporting these innovative ATP and TRP Programs can we maintain the cutting-edge commercial manufacturing capacity that is essential to meeting the rapidly evolving demands on our military capabilities.  At the same time, they provide the additional security of knowing that we are doing all we prudently can to assure that our domestic economy remains at the leading edge of commercial applications of new technologies.  We can no longer afford--if we ever could--wasteful duplication of military and commercial development of the same technologies.  And we certainly cannot afford to miss the next breakthrough in materials, information management, or communications, that could leave the men and women of our Armed Forces needlessly exposed to danger.  The greater their exposure--if we allow our technological edge to grow dull with false economies--the more reluctant we will be to face threats to our security. For want of the next generation of nails, Mr. President, the next century's battles may be lost.  These are difficult times--we must invest for long-term economic growth here at home and confront the confusing variety of new threats to our security abroad.  The Technology Reinvestment Program and the Advanced Technology Program are prudent, cost-effective means of dealing with both of those problems.  Mr. President, I want to commend the distinguished managers of this legislation, the members of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, Senators Bingaman and Lieberman, and the other members who have spoken up for these programs, for showing the foresight to restore these important programs to more adequate levels of funding.  I am sure we will find ourselves revisiting these issues in the coming months and years. I will continue to support efforts that protect the technological foundations of our economic and military security.  