 President, let me say to my friend from Ohio that I applaud his efforts. As he knows, in the crime bill that we passed we provided $100 million for just these purposes. As a matter of fact, it has been over a decade ago that I initiated an effort in the first crime bill introduced to get the NCIC up to speed to actually make it work. We received some considerable resistance then interestingly enough from the very left and the very right, the right because, as the Presiding Officer notes, the right is always concerned about anyone when anything has to do with Government having power, and the left because they are concerned about the Government having power. So it was stalled for a while in the so-called Biden crime bill which passed out of here.  I wanted that number to be higher out of the trust fund. The most we could get any agreement on was $100 million. I do not quibble with the notion that we could effectively spend more money.  The Senator may recall, because he was in the House at the time, that the local authorities thought they could get by with the $100 million as long as the FBI was essentially going to be the purchasing agent for them. What we do not want to have happen is a little police department in central Ohio or southern Delaware--they may be the very people who pick up the McVeigh's of the world--and we do not want them to be in the position where in order for them to purchase this equipment and some of the more automated fingerprinting capability, the NCIC, the blood and saliva DNA capability, we do not want them to be out there since they are purchasing a very small quantity of whatever it is that is being purchased having to pay considerably more than the police department in Columbus, or New York, or Wilmington, DE, or Philadelphia has to pay. But as it turns out they have concluded that they need more help.  Again, I look forward to working with my friend from Ohio on this issue as the continuation of an effort that he supported when he was in the House as well. He is not new to this. He knows this area as well as anyone does.  One of the things at some point--I will not take the time now because the distinguished Senator from California who has been waiting since 9:30 to go with her amendment is ready to go now that the chairman of the committee is here. We will have a long day today. Maybe the Senator and I, as we say, can repair to the cloakroom. I would like to talk about his formula which he has built in here which is the distribution based strictly on population which seems at odds with the notion that we acknowledge that these little police departments, and smaller areas in population, also in a strange way need the help more than even the large police departments.  So I acknowledge at the front end the parochial interest in that Delaware is a small State and under the formula would be in a disadvantageous position for this additional funding. I do not expect the Senator to change his formula. I would like to make my case to him since this is esoteric.  Mr. DeWINE. If the Senator will yield for a moment, let me congratulate the Senator from Delaware because he really has been a leader in this area. I had the opportunity about 2 months ago to go to the FBI and look to see exactly where all of these systems were. It is amazing the progress that they have made. In the last several crime bills there has been systems in there, and I know particularly that the Senator from Delaware has been a prime leader in this area. Frankly, what the FBI tells me is that they are moving along very, very well. The background for my writing this section was frankly what the FBI told me, and also what local law enforcement told me. That was, look, I say we are moving along very, very well, quite frankly thanks to what the Congress has done. A significant amount of money Congress has put in.  But they said, ``Senator, let us tell you the one concern we have; that is, our database is only as good as the information we get. Our concern is that some of these small departments--which the Senator from Delaware is referring to--will not have the resources. They will not have the ability to tap in.''  So I look forward to working with the Senator from Delaware in regard to the formula. Our idea, frankly, is to make sure that every police officer in the country--some way, either through his or her own department or through a consortium or through the departments going together--has the ability to put that information into the computer and to get it back out. Frankly, my only interest is making it work. So, if we can come up with a formula that works better to do that, I am more than happy to work with the Senator to do that.  