  For example, we could not set in motion here, even if we wanted to, by legislation, a proposal that said the President of the United States of America shall, under the following circumstances, not only nominate but in fact confirm a Federal judge. We could not do that. We could lay out in great detail the circumstances under which a President could take over the whole responsibility of putting someone on the bench, and that would be an unconstitutional delegation of power under the separation of powers doctrine.  Now, I would be very, very interested, because I know, and I mean this sincerely, how learned my friend is in the law. But I have made the serious mistake of teaching constitutional law on this subject for the last five semesters, and I have been forced to read all these cases. I am not suggesting that I have the book on this issue, but I am suggesting to you I have read no case where there is the ability for someone to conclude from reading the case that you can, if you set out proper procedures, delegate authority which is essentially legislative or for the President. The President could not turn around and say, ``By the way, I, by Executive order, from now on am asking the U.S. Senate to name who will be nominated for the Court and also move forward and confirm those persons.'' He could not do that.  Now, again, I know everybody does not want to prolong the debate, but I think this is a critical question, and one that the Senator from Arkansas and the Senator from West Virginia, I believe, have suggested is easily reconcilable.  For example, as I read the Budget Act, you could, in fact, have done what they did in the Budget Act. The Budget Committee retains the judgment of whether or not they will, in fact, conclude that something is within or beyond the budget resolution. They do not delegate it to an alphabet agency. They do not delegate it to another branch of Government.  So I would be very anxious--and I am not trying to put the Senator on the spot--but I would be very anxious to hear now the case law that he thinks sustains his position, or give him time to do that. And this is not meant by way of just trying to be obstreperous or to embarrass. I truly do not know of any cases that sustain the assertion made by the Senator from Colorado.  