  This is a bad idea. It is unconstitutional, and raises a host of important questions for which we have heard no adequate answers. It is clear to me right now that it must be stripped from this continuing resolution.  I fully agree with my friend and colleague from the Judiciary Committee, the distinguished Senator from Wyoming, that there is no way this proposal will pass the Senate, and there is no reason for this proposal to be under debate here today.  We have not had a single hearing in the Senate on the impact of this radical rewriting of the laws covering the speech and freedom of association of thousands of charitable, non-profit organizations--not to mention the millions of other organizations that would be caught in its net.  It adds new, unexamined restrictions on the activities of this country's most valuable and honored local and national charitable organizations.  From my own State of Delaware, I have heard from the YMCA, from the Boys' and Girls' Clubs, from the Delaware Nature Society, from Delaware Easter Seals, the Delaware Chapter of the Multiple Sclerosis Society, from Mothers Against Drunk Driving, from virtually all of the non-profit organizations that serve my State.  Madam President, all of them have told me that this proposal would strike at the heart of their most critical functions--to administer, at the local level, grants to keep our kids off drugs, or to educate the public about life-threatening diseases.  The Istook provision threatens these groups with legal action if they run afoul of an Orwellian web of restrictions, spending rules, reporting requirements--limits on whom they can associate with, and what they can say.  Madam President, this proposal would create a thought police of private citizens--who, for a 25 percent share of the treble damages levied against, say, the Mothers Against Drunk Driving, would have the incentive to drag them into court to prove that they did not purchase--with their own funds--office supplies from a business that spent 16, instead of 15, percent of its own funds for political advocacy the previous year.  This proposal extends the long arm of Federal Government restrictions to the very local charitable organizations we are told should really be doing the jobs now done by Federal bureaucrats.  What hypocrisy, Madam President! On the one hand, we are told that decentralized, local, community-based groups should take up the burden of supporting those hit hardest by cuts in Federal assistance programs.  But on the other hand, it is those very groups that this proposal would threaten if they trip over any number of arcane reporting requirements or ambiguous limits on ``political advocacy.''  And let us not kid our selves, Madam President--this is intended to trip them up. That is why they removed Veterans from the coverage of the bill--because enough of us complained about it.  That is a clear admission that the bill will hurt non-profits. The problem is that they have only protected one group--not all of the others equally deserving of protection, instead of the vindictive harassment of this proposal.  The groups still affected by this proposal are those who have been chosen to fulfill public policy goals through grants to engage in outreach, education, and other activities.  Those grants purchase a service--from the Boys' and Girls' Clubs, from the YMCA, from the Easter Seal Society--to promote public policy goals. Those goals include healthier, drug free kids, cleaner air--goals that are indeed well-served by local, decentralized groups.  Take one example of how this could work. Imagine a local non-profit group in Dover, DE, like the Big Brothers and Big Sisters--a group that receives Federal grant funds and engages in the activities restricted under this proposal--advocating and encouraging others to advocate for policies that help children.  Anyone looking for a 25 percent share of the treble damages--three times the amount of the grant--would have the incentive to find some shortcoming in the reporting, some illegal association, some proscribed expression on an issue of public policy, that would expose the group to litigation.  The burden of proof would be on them to prove that they were in compliance.  Imagine what well-funded corporate interests could do with a few well-placed lawsuits that kept those pesky non-profits tied up in court and in legal costs instead of engaging in government-restricted ``political advocacy.''  Today's Wall Street Journal chronicles the fight between Beer Wholesalers and Mothers Against Drunk Driving, focusing on the impact of the Istook proposal on non-profit groups. I am sure we can imagine many other ways this provision could be used to chill the advocacy work of groups that some people might find inconvenient.  Madam President, the American people certainly want reform in the way we do business around here. But this is not what they want--a tool in the hands of powerful special interests to silence non-profit charities.  This is a nightmare, a page out of the play book of every petty, small-minded despot who tried to stamp out inconvenient opinions.  It puts every organization of any kind--every business that receives anything of value from the Federal Government--on notice that they not only are under restrictions on their own political activities, but must monitor the activities of those they do business with.  It recruits a thought police with a financial incentive to seek out every misstep by every local chapter of every national charity.  Madam President, this proposal has no business on this bill. It has no business on the floor of the Senate today or any other day.  