 The Violence Against Women Act is the first comprehensive measure aimed at making our Nation's streets, college and university campuses, and homes safer for women. Following extensive hearings, the Judiciary Committee unanimously approved the act, and Congress passed this landmark legislation.  Subtitle D of the act, entitled ``Equal Justice for Women in the Courts,'' was an important part of that legislation. As described by my colleagues, this provision encourages the circuit judicial conferences to conduct studies of gender bias within their respective circuits and to disseminate their results.  By enacting this provision, Congress intended to promote a greater understanding of the nature and extent of gender bias, to educate judges, and, ultimately, to reduce any bias. The Equal Justice for Women in the Courts Act takes us one step closer to achieving and maintaining equal justice under the law. It is an important part of an overall effort to ensure meaningful protection of the rights of those who were victimized by sex crimes, domestic violence, and crimes of violence motivated by gender.  A majority of the Federal circuits have already established gender bias task forces. Some circuits have expanded the mission of the task forces to include the study of racial and ethnic bias issues as well. I strongly believe that these studies and related education and training programs are critical to understanding whether there is any disparate treatment in the courts and, if so, what steps the courts should take to address it.  Task forces on gender, racial and ethnic issues have been endorsed by, among others, the National Commission on Judicial Discipline and Removal, the Long Range Planning Committee of the Federal Courts and, as noted by my colleagues, the Federal Courts Study Committee and the Judicial Conference of the United States.  As ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, and as the author of the Violence Against Women Act and the 1994 crime bill, I wish to join my colleagues in expressing my strong intent, that the Federal judiciary is authorized to use funds appropriated for violent crime reduction programs, as set out in title III of fiscal year 1996 Commerce-Justice-State appropriations conference report, to study gender bias and other related barriers to equal justice in our courts.  