 President, I am glad to hear the Senator on the floor speaking to this. Would the Senator acknowledge what everybody forgets? I know the Senator is angry about it, as well. I want to remind everybody that the reason why the U.N. observers are there is that the United Nations went in and disarmed--disarmed--not only did we fail to allow the Bosnian Government to get arms, the arms that existed, we went into Srebrenica--the United Nations did, with our support--and disarmed the Bosnian Government, disarmed the Muslims, disarmed the Croats, in return for a promise that we would protect them. And when, in fact, it was clear and the Dutch were called in for air strikes by NATO, Mr. Akashi said no.  I want everybody to remember what the Senator from Arizona is saying here. Not only did we not protect, we affirmatively--the United Nations and the West--disarmed those safe areas, took their weapons and said, ``We promise you in return that we will keep the Serbs from the door.'' But they knocked on the door, knocked it down, and there was nothing there for them to defend themselves with.  Now, as the Senator from Arizona said, they stand by and watch. And it is not the fault of those Dutch blue helmets. It is the fault of the contact group. It is the fault of the West for failing to intervene, at a minimum with air power, significant air power. But I think the Senator is absolutely correct. This is an atrocity. We should lift the embargo immediately and we should make available what, under the law, the President is allowed to do.  Two years ago, this Senate and Congress passed a piece of legislation authorizing the President, in his discretion, to make available up to 50 million dollars worth of weapons off the shelf now for those people.  I stood in Tuzla the last time this happened and watched trucks come into Tuzla loaded with women and children, and I thought they were celebrating when I first saw them because they were holding up children in these dump trucks above their heads. As they unloaded the dump trucks, I understood why the children were being held above their heads and held outside of the dump truck. Do you know why, Mr. President? Because when they opened the gate and got out, there were three children smothered to death in the bottom of those 1995 versions of cattle cars being dragged into Auschwitz. If these were not Moslems, the world would be reacting, just like if it were not Jews in the thirties, the world would react. Shame on the West.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be granted an additional 5 minutes.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bennett). Without objection, it is so ordered.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I appreciate the emotion of my friend from Delaware. I appreciate his compassion. I think the challenge before us now is to try to devise, working with the administration, a way to end this tragedy as quickly as possible for a minimum loss of human life, recognizing at this point that there are no good options. There are no good options in Bosnia today. What we need to do is choose the least bad option if we expect to stop this ongoing tragedy.  The reason I pointed out this picture again--this is the first time, I think, in history we have ever seen a picture of people who are in uniform, designated as peacekeepers, standing by and watching people being ethnically cleansed, mass rape, and, of course, the arrest and probable torture of young men. That is what the U.N. Protection Force has been reduced to. That is why, in my view, this was ill-conceived and flawed from the beginning--because it was an attempt to keep peace where there was no peace.  I wanted to give some facts as to how bad the situation is. Let me point out that I believe the United States should be prepared to assist in the effort to help remove the United Nations protection force and remove U.N. and allied forces from Bosnia. I want to just lay out the criteria. I hope at some time we can have a significant debate and discussion of this issue, possibly as early as next week. But I want to lay out the following criteria, because we have to be clear.  The operation must be conducted under U.S. or NATO command. It must have a clear mission objective, precluding any danger of mission creep, and the operational rules of engagement must be established and approved by NATO. Under no circumstances should the United Nations be permitted to participate in any way in the planning or implementation of a withdrawal operation. To allow any U.N. influence would be to risk the same failed policies from which UNPROFOR so clearly suffers. To allow U.N. participation in command decisions would be to risk repeating the gutless refusal to destroy Serb air defenses, a U.N. decision which led to the shootdown of an American F-16 last month.  Mr. President, the administration has committed 25,000 U.S. forces as part of an evacuation force. Once again, we must recognize that we must be willing to devote whatever forces in support that are necessary to successfully complete the mission--an overwhelming force to guarantee the safety of our men and women in uniform and those of our allies.  Finally, Mr. President, clear warnings must be issued to all parties involved in the Bosnian conflict. Should one American be injured or killed while participating in a withdrawal operation, the United States will not hesitate to use its military might to punish such aggression.  I would like to be specific. If the Bosnian Serbs harm Americans while this rescue operation is going on, I suggest the most punishing air strikes imaginable, and going as far away as Belgrade, if necessary.  Mr. President, it is our obligation morally to rescue the U.N. Protection Forces. It is also our moral obligation to do everything necessary to protect the lives of our young men and women who are involved in that operation, and make the cost so extremely high that we can guarantee to a significant degree the safety of those men and women.  Every day UNPROFOR stays, every hostage that is taken, every attack on the safe areas, every strategically ineffectual air strike and every sortie that has no mission but returns safely to base, creates the perception of a feeble Western alliance.  Every day UNPROFOR is in place is another day that the Bosnian Government forces are precluded from protecting themselves against Serb aggression. Remove UNPROFOR, lift the arms embargo and allow the people of Bosnia to fight for their future.  Unfortunately, harsh, cold, military facts will resolve this conflict. One side will prevail. I hope it is the lawful government of Bosnia. I find it very troubling that we have interfered with these realities to the benefit of the aggressor, by imposing an arms embargo on the victim. If we are unwilling to commit American forces to defend Bosnians, we cannot in good faith prevent the Bosnians from defending themselves.  I want to thank Senator Dole for his proposal on this issue. I hope that next week we will take up this issue as soon as possible. Every hour that we delay, more innocent people will die. Every hour that we delay, will mean more humiliation and degradation of the United Nations and NATO. The repercussions of this kind of dishonor will reverberate around the world. We must bring it to a halt.  I appreciate the indulgence of my colleagues.  