 President, I say to my friend from Idaho, I will be brief.  I think the Senator from Arizona is correct. We should not be arguing about whether we should have cost-benefit analyses. The Glenn bill does not argue about that. The argument is about whether or not the Dole bill takes too much of a risk with the public safety or not a sufficient risk.  My friend from Arizona cited some things that I think could confuse folks. He indicated that the cost of regulation--and cited a study--was X billions of dollars per year, that that cost jobs, it cost every household $6,000 or $16,000, I do not know what his number was, per year; the implication being, if you vote for the Dole bill, those costs will evaporate, those costs will go away.  The truth is, the Dole bill could be implemented tomorrow and the cost to households will actually go up, not go down. But let me just make a point. We all hear, and I can cite and will cite as this debate goes on, horror stories of regulations that have occurred in my State of Delaware, absolutely foolish, stupid things that bureaucrats do. We are all about here trying to rationalize this and have an element of common sense.  Let us talk about common sense. What is common sense for a corporate executive is not necessarily common sense for the average citizen.  If you are a corporate executive and you are running a steel plant in the Midwest, common sense dictates that you build a great big, high smokestack, like we used to see in the forties and fifties and sixties, 350 feet high. Common sense dictates that because it is the cheapest thing for you to do. And then you emit out of that gigantic smokestack into the upper airstream damaging particles to people's health, and you blow them across the country into Delaware, and you blow them into the State of New York and you have acid rain and you kill our fish and you kill our wildlife and you kill some of us. Now, that is common sense.  You are the chief executive officer. Someone comes along and says, ``Now, I'll tell you what I can do for you here. We can, by you having to spend an additional half a billion dollars, clean your plant up. We can see to it that with the Clean Air Act, we are going--it is going to cost you now, it is going to cost your stockholders, it may even cost jobs, what it is going to do is cost you $400, $500 million to clean the plant up.''  If you are the corporate executive sitting at your desk, that is not common sense to you to go and spend all that money. So what do we have to do to make sure that the streams in Delaware are not polluted, that the Adirondacks do not have dead lakes where nothing lives because of acid rain? We have the Government come along and say, ``We're going to make you do that, we're going to make you do it.''  It is common sense to the person living in Delaware that it is not a good idea to have all those particles coming from the industrial Midwest into my State and choking us. That is common sense. It is a good idea to clean the air. But that is not common sense for the corporate executive. I am not suggesting they are bad or good guys, but listening to my friend from Arizona, it is like if we all just sat down and talked about this, common sense would prevail.  Why did the Federal Government get in the business of air pollution and water pollution? Because the State of Arizona did not do it, the State of Delaware did not do it, the State of Kansas did not do it.  I was raised in a place called Claymont, DE. It sits on the border of Pennsylvania and Delaware.  There are more oil refineries per square mile along the Delaware River in Marcus Hook and Chester, PA--which is less than a half mile from where I was raised--than any place in America. When I was a kid, I would come out of where we lived, Brookview Apartments, my uncle would drive me to school. If it was a misty fall morning, you would put on the windshield wipers and literally there would be an oil slick on your windshield--not figuratively, literally.  The State of Pennsylvania understood the prevailing wind went into Delaware. This was the southeast corner of Delaware, and it was a multibillion-dollar industry for the State of Pennsylvania. The idea that the folks in Pennsylvania were going to pass a law saying that all those oil refineries in southeast Pennsylvania, which blew into New Jersey and Delaware, had to clean up their refineries was nonexistent--zero. There would be a lot of political pain for those legislators in voting against those captains of industry in their States, maybe costing jobs at that refinery, maybe costing income to that county.  So the reason we got in the business in the first place is because industry did not do it. They did not do it. The States did not do it. How about clean water? I wonder how many people in this Chamber visiting Washington would like us to get out of the business of assuring that their water is clean. I do not know where they live, but I now live along a place called the Brandywine River. A factory was there, and when I was a kid, there used to be a pipe that came right out of the factory, a pipe that went right into the Brandywine, because common sense dictated that if you owned that factory, it made sense to spill that effluent into the river and wash it out into the Delaware River and into the Atlantic Ocean because it costs millions of dollars to put on devices to catch that dirty water.  Well, today, I literally--not figuratively--can raft down the Brandywine River, which is a tradition in our State, on inner tubes on a Sunday with my kids. It is clean. Does anyone in this Chamber believe that had we not imposed costs on industry that that river would be clean today? Name me a place in America where that happened without regulation, because common sense dictated that it is better to give the stockholders more money in their dividends than less.  I am not making a moral judgment. I am not making a statement about greed or anything. It is just common sense. It made sense. It was all right if the Government let you put it in the river and that took it away. Instead of spending $12 million to treat it on-site, put it in the river.  My friend said we all take risks, that we get in our automobiles and we walk across streets. Guess why people get in their automobiles? They get in automobiles today because they know that the tires they buy meet certain standards that the Government imposes on manufacturers. So you do not have what you had in the 1940's and 1950's, tires shredding and people getting killed. We now have things called inspections. In every one of our States, in the beginning, you could drive a car when the motor car came along and you did not have to go to an inspection station, you did not have to show up there. You just took your risks. As more cars got on the road, even States figured, hey, wait a minute, a lot of folks are getting killed because they are putting in brakes that do not work, steering mechanisms that do not function. So we have all these regulations. Now, they are costly. They are costly.  The only broad point that I wish to make now is that I hope no one here--I do not think my friend from Arizona is doing so--is arguing that we should not have those kinds of regulations. We are talking about the margins here. What we are debating here on this floor is what kind of oversight, if you will, by the judiciary, and what kind of oversight by industry, if you will, should there be to prevent the aberrations that occur--and they do occur--and the unnecessary costs that occur--and they do occur--from occurring? But if the good Lord could come down and divine for us every bureaucratic glitch that occurs in implementing regulations --I will give you one by the way. Unintended consequences.  In my own State a friend of mine, a kid I grew up with, a very successful highway contractor in Delaware, shows up at a function with me. He walks up and says, ``Joe, I am helping you again this year, but I could kill you.''  I said, ``Why?''  He said, ``You voted for that Americans With Disabilities Act.''  I said, ``Yes, but you were for that.''  He said, ``Yes, but I did not know you were going to do what you did.''  I said, ``What did I do?''  He said, ``I will tell you what that act did.'' He owns a highway contracting company, and he hires flag persons. You know, we have them in all our States while they are repairing the roads. One guy with a flag puts up a stop sign, and with a walkie-talkie he calls the person at the other end and says, ``You let your folks go, I will put the stop sign up on this end.''  He said, ``I hired a guy that turned out to be hard of hearing, and so when he was given the walkie-talkie, he picked up the walkie-talkie and the guy down there would say, `OK, stop them.' But he did not hear them. So what would happen is cars would be coming through and they banged into one another.''  He said, ``I moved him to another job. I put him behind a grader, and he sued me under the Americans With Disabilities Act.''  He called over one of the most prominent lawyers in Delaware and said, ``Francis, tell him what you told me I have to do.''  Francis Biondi walks over and says, ``Joe, I told him he had to settle this for''--I will not mention the amount--``a sizable amount of money.'' It was several times what the average American makes in a whole year.  I said, ``How could that be?''  He said, ``Well, they ruled that I had to take every possible action to accommodate this person's disability. So do you know what they told me I should do? I should have had an extension that ran up 30, 40 feet that had a red light and a green light on it at either end, and that guy would be able to look down, since his eyes were good, and he could see green so that he knows to press red, and he can see red and he will know to press green. His hearing would be taken out of it.''  I will quote my friend--I guess I will not because there was profanity in it. But he basically said, ``Why in the heck do I need him then, if I am going to do that?'' That is a bizarre outcome, in my view, for a well-intended piece of legislation.  But assume we took out all of those nonsensical aberrations of regulations that we pass. I doubt whether anybody on this floor--and again, I beg the indulgence of my friend from Arizona. He gave a figure of several billion dollars and about $6,000 per household, I think. If we got rid of every one of those stupid things, we are still at about $5,000 a household. So I do not want anybody on the floor--we kind of mix things up on the floor here. Listening to my friend from Arizona, I think the average person would think that, well, if the Dole bill passes, a lot more people are going to be employed, and instead of my paying $5,000, $6,000 a year, I am not going to have to pay that anymore--not unless he is talking about doing away with the Clean Water Act and the Clean Air Act and all of these major environmental pieces of legislation.  The third point I want to make--and then I will yield the floor--is that he mentioned lead paint. When I first got here in 1973, I was on the Environment and Public Works Committee, which then was called the Public Works Committee. I was given by the then chairman, Senator Randolph of West Virginia, a subcommittee assignment that had no legislative authority. I had authority to hold hearings. It is called the Subcommittee on Technology. And I could not understand why he was being so gracious to me until I found out the first assignment I was given. I was given the assignment--being one of the Senators from Delaware, a State with a lot of small companies like DuPont and others residing in that State--I was given the assignment of writing a report, after holding hearings, on whether or not we should phase out lead in gasoline or have lead traps in gasoline.  The DuPont Co. had a patent for a lead trap. If I had written a report saying, ``Do not phase out lead in gasoline, do not eliminate lead in gasoline, just have lead traps like we had for pollution control devices,'' I was under the impression that would be a multimillion dollar, probably billion dollar, decision for the company. I do not recall any corporation during those hearings coming and saying we should take lead out of gasoline. There was overwhelming scientific evidence along the lines of those my friend from Arizona cited. He stated that it makes more sense to clean up the lead paint, dust, and particles in existing older housing than it does to take the last traces of lead out of contaminated sites in the ground where folks do not live, that are now Superfund sites. I happen to agree with him.  But the broader point I wish to make is, were it not for a regulation by the Government in the first instance, there was no commonsense reason why corporate America thought it made sense to take lead out of gasoline. They all repeatedly made what we would call commonsense arguments. First, the reason lead is put in gasoline is that you can go further on a gallon of gasoline with lead in it than without lead in it. Second, it is not as costly to make the gasoline. Third, you will employ more people. Fourth, we have an oil embargo. It went on and on. There were commonsense, legitimate reasons--but against the public interest overall. Because, from the public's standpoint, common sense said, if you lived in a metropolitan area and you had a child, you would have to live with lead in gasoline coming out of tailpipes of automobiles or defective lead traps--which would be the case. And there would have been an incredible, enormous cost of maintaining those lead traps, additional costs. States would have to inspect the lead traps when you got your car inspected, and so forth. Common sense for the citizen said: My kid ingests that air just like the dust particles the Senator from Arizona referred to.  So the common sense for the public--for us, as representatives of the public--was to say, ``No lead in gasoline.'' The commonsense position for those who made gasoline, and lead, was, ``Lead in gasoline.''  Again, I am not making a moral judgment. What I am saying is that, ``What is good for the goose ain't necessarily good for the gander.'' What seems to be common sense--there is an old expression. I believe it is an English expression. ``What is one man's meat is another man's poison.'' And that is literally true, literally true in environmental law.  So, I hope, as we get into the detailed meat--no pun intended--of this debate, we do not confuse three things. One, regardless of which bill prevails, the total cost--I will argue later and hopefully will be able to prove to my colleagues--the total cost to the American public in terms of dollars, the difference will be de minimis.  No. 2, there will be, still, a significant cost to the American public for these regulations because the American public decided that their ultimate priority is the air they breathe, the water they drink, the food they ingest. And the American public has had over 200 years of experience, culminating at the turn of the century with Lincoln Steffens and others, about what happens when you do not regulate people who deal with our air, affect our water, and produce our food.  The third and final point I will make is that when we look at the cost, I ask my friends to count the increased cost in the number of bureaucrats that would have to be hired to meet the timetables imposed by the Dole legislation, and the cost in additional number of judges we would have to hire and the additional number of lawyers that will be paid, litigating every jot and tittle of the change in the Dole legislation. We should count those costs, compared them to the costs that come from the overstepping bureaucrat and the unreasonable regulation.  Senator Glenn and Senator Chafee have a bill that at one time was a totally bipartisan bill. It passed out of the Committee on Governmental Affairs unanimously--without a dissenting vote; every Democrat and every Republican. Then, Senator Hatch, my esteemed chairman at the Judiciary Committee, presented the Hatch-Dole bill. I do not know what was so wrong with the bill that passed out unanimously from the Government Affairs Committee, a major piece of legislation, significantly rewriting regulatory law, significantly lifting the burden on American business without, in my view, doing unjust harm to American consumers. But something happened on the way to the floor.  Now we have the Dole bill. Senator Dole came here today and proposed an E. coli amendment. Now, we argued in committee that the Dole bill, unless it was changed, would increase the prospect that people would die from E. coli in meat in their hamburgers--feces in their food. We were assured that cannot possibly happen under this law. If it was not going to be able to happen, why did Senator Dole have to come to the floor and propose an amendment on that?  