 I agree that that would be a significant and important change. Granted, it only comes out of the mass transit fund, which, right now, is in surplus. But it does not come out of the highway money. I would rather see a half-cent come out of that 2 cents going to the highway fund. But it is very important.  I want to respond very briefly to the four basic points the Senator made. I will really focus on one. He talked about this being--that we are robbing Peter to pay Paul. That is a judgment for Peter to make, whether he wants to give it to Paul. ``Governor Peter'' can decide whether or not he wants to suggest that it go to Paul. If Governor Peter wants it to stay where it is, you do not have to rob anybody. It stays where it is.  This notion of the need for bridges and repairs, obviously, if the States conclude the bridges are more important to them than Amtrak, then they will make that judgment. We are only talking about one portion of the highway trust funds that go into the State, which rough cut is about 25 percent of the moneys that the States get, that is the only portion they could use.  No. 3 is this notion of disruption. I have great admiration for my friend from Montana, and I mean that sincerely. He knows that if you can paint a picture for someone that makes the proposition look a little ridiculous, it is very compelling. His idea of going 150 miles an hour through Montana to the border of Idaho and getting off the train and getting on this chugalug train that is going to take you through Idaho, is a very disruptive picture. That is why Senator Roth placed in the legislation this compact that no Governor is going to in fact decide to divert money to Amtrak from their highway trust fund money if in fact they know that train is going to stop at the Idaho border.  So the reason for the compacts are allowing the States of Washington, Idaho, Montana, and the Dakotas, to sit down and say, does it make sense for us all to do that? If they cannot get it done, they are not going to do it. It is a very colorful picture to paint of this train speeding and going through Coeur d'Alene, ID, and then coming to a screeching halt. It is not realistic and not likely to happen.  I will end by saying that my friend from Montana has been very, very helpful in the past regarding the need to set up a dedicated fund for Amtrak, just like there is one for highways, recognizing the national need. The point, though, is that if the States conclude that it is better to use that small portion of their highway funding for Amtrak, and if they want to do that in conjunction with other States in their region, we should allow them. We allow them to do that for bicycle paths now, Mr. President, and we allow them to do that for walking paths. We allow them to go out and buy buses, and we allow them to make capital investments for other means. The only thing we do not allow them to do is deal with it with regard to intercity rail service.  I was intrigued by the Senator's remarks, and I am heartened by his commitment to taking a half-cent of the gasoline tax, which is now going in one [[Page S 8768]] direction but will revert to the way in which he suggested--coming up with $600 million for capital for Amtrak which, by the way, would meet Amtrak's capital needs on a yearly basis. He is correct, it would essentially put them in the black. They would be able to run in a very efficient way and increase service, not diminish service. I thank him for his suggestion. I look forward--if he is still willing--to working with him on the reconciliation bill to do that.  In the meantime, I think this does not create the inconvenience he suggests would be created. In large part, the most compelling argument he made is disruption, and I think Senator Roth was farsighted in laying out in the legislation the compact capability for States, and that is the reason for that provision of the legislation.  I thank my colleagues and yield the floor.  