 President, I will try to decode this in what I understand to be, to use the phrase we all use here, basic old common sense.  What the Senator from Wisconsin is saying is: Hey, look, if a bureaucrat oversteps his bounds and comes up with some preposterous ruling relating to pesticides or parasites in the water, and says that one--I did not even know the figure the Senator used, but one teaspoon--whatever the measurement was that would equal one teaspoon relative to the entire Great Lakes--and says you cannot put that in the water, that amount, if this is that ridiculous, there is emergency relief for the company which is doing that. It is called the Congress. That is the emergency relief. Come to Congress and say, ``That stupid bureaucrat just passed this rule saying you cannot have more than 1 part per hundred trillion of such and such in the water. We can pass a law. We can say no. It can be 5 million parts per trillion.'' That is the emergency relief I think we should have. But what is the emergency relief that he is suggesting for us, if in fact what is being done to the water system is damaging? It is this cumbersome procedure even under an emergency which is declared that takes months to occur.  So I think common sense dictates to me if a manufacturer--that is what we are talking about, a business, an economic interest--is in fact damaged because some silly bureaucrat comes up with a rule that makes it impossible for them to conduct business and does no harm to the water system, there is recourse, emergency recourse--the U.S. Congress.  What is the emergency recourse for the constituent in Wisconsin if in fact a pesticide is being put in the water that is causing serious damage? It takes time under this rule. The Senator says nothing is exempt. First of all, anything, any rule that does not affect $100 million worth of something is exempt from this process, this cost-benefit analysis, this risk assessment laid out in this thick piece of legislation in both the Glenn bill and the Hatch bill we are talking about. So that is one exemption.  There is a second exemption, a series of exemptions. If you turn to page 16 of the text of the bill, it says it does ``not include''--meaning that the cost-benefit analysis is not required for the following things: A rule that involves the internal revenue laws of the United States.  So what it says here is even if the IRS comes up with a stupid rule where a cost far outweighs the benefits, it is not reviewable under this law. Even if the rule of an agency that impedes an international trade agreement, and if in the implementation of it the cost far outweighs the benefit, it is not subject to this legislation. The list goes on. Just pick another one.  A rule or agency action that authorizes the introduction into commerce or recognizes a marketable status of a product. You would have the most damaging darned product in the world where the cost would far outweigh the benefit, and it is not reviewable.  So this idea that there is something sacrosanct here about not exempting anything, what the Senator is asking for is this incredible exception where his amendment would be the only thing out there. There are a raft of actions that mindless bureaucrats can take that are not subject to the cost-benefit analysis and risk assessment required in this bill.  Why? Why? Why should we somehow now impose a rule of legerdemain here in the Senate saying, ``Senator, what you are asking for is an exemption. You are asking for something to be treated differently than the rest of the bill. And we just cannot do that. It will open up the floodgates here.'' No one said that. But that is implicit.  I would say to the Senator there are lot of things that are not subject to a cost-benefit analysis that mindless bureaucrats can undertake. I might add I do not think most bureaucrats are mindless. But let us pick that mindless bureaucrat.  In law school we always talked about a ``reasonable man.'' No one could always find a reasonable man. But we always talked about the reasonable man. We have the mindless bureaucrat wandering the halls of Congress and the floor of this body. He or she is the person we are all after. Well, if we find that mindless bureaucrat and he or she is mindlessly engaged in regulations relating to the Internal Revenue Code, we say, ``You may continue to be mindless. This does not apply to you.'' If they are talking mindlessly interfering with a rule, interfering with the introduction of a product into commerce, you say, ``You can continue to be mindless.''  The list goes on for two pages:       ``(iv) a rule exempt from notice and public procedure under      section 553(a);       ``(v) a rule or agency action relating to the public debt;       ``(vi) a rule required to be promulgated at least annually      pursuant to statute, or that provides relief, in whole or in      part, from a statutory prohibition, other than a rule      promulgated pursuant to subtitle C of title II of the Solid      Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6921 et seq.);       ``(vii) a rule of particular applicability that approves or      prescribes the future rates, wages, prices, services,      corporate or financial structures, reorganizations, mergers,      acquisitions, accounting practices, or disclosures bearing on      any of the foregoing;       ``(viii) a rule relating to monetary policy or to the      safety or soundness of federally insured depository      institutions or any affiliate of such an institution. . . .''  It goes on and on:       ``(xi) a rule or order relating to the financial      responsibility of brokers and dealers or futures commission      merchants, the safeguarding of investor securities and funds      or commodity future or options customer securities and funds,      the clearance and settlement of securities, futures, or      options transactions, or the suspension of trading under the      Securities Exchange Act of 1934.       ``(xii) a rule that involves the international trade laws      of the United States.''  They are all exceptions. There is not a cost-benefit analysis required for those; no requirement to do anything like any of this legislation we are about to pass. We can do that. Why cannot we do it for cryptosporidium or E. coli? What is the problem? Because there is emergency relief for an aggrieved party, if a mindless bureaucrat sets out a rule that has no relationship to science, and it is called the Congress. It can change the law. The bureaucrats can only make laws we authorize them to make.  Why provide this kind of hurdle for an agency attempting to protect the water supply of the Nation? Why provide this hurdle to catch the occasional overzealous bureaucrat overreaching and damaging the property owner, or damaging a business interest? Why not provide it with the 535 Members of the Congress?  If there is one side I would err on, I would err on the side of the Congress. But there are already significant portions of our commerce in this Nation that are legitimately and reasonably exempted from any cost-benefit analysis including any rule that does not have the impact of $100 million.  I yield the floor.  