 President, I am pleased that the Senate is finally debating welfare reform. And, I want to take a few minutes to discuss my views on the matter.  It is obvious to almost everyone--including those on welfare--that the current welfare system is broken.  Too many welfare recipients spend far too long on welfare and do far too little in exchange for their benefits. Many of those who manage to get off the welfare rolls only end up back on them after a short period of time. And, for some, generations have made welfare their way of life.  This is unacceptable. And, I believe that trying to fix the problem through patchwork solutions is no longer an option--it will only fall short of what needs to be done. Instead, we need to end the current welfare system--scrap it and start over. And, the new program must have as its fundamental premise one basic thing: work.  Back in 1987, I proposed a work requirement for all welfare recipients. And, many of those ideas were embodied in the Family Support Act of 1988--the bipartisan legislation crafted by Senator Moynihan. It was a good first step. But, it is evident today that the 1988 law did not go far enough.  It is time--it is long past time, really--for us to require welfare recipients to work for their benefits.  We must make it unmistakably clear that welfare recipients have an obligation to make every effort to end their dependency. Citizenship is more than just a bundle of benefits. It is also a set of responsibilities. And, the primary responsibility is to provide for yourself and your family by working.  Now, when I say ``work,'' let me be clear about what I mean. I mean work. I do not mean participation in bureaucratic programs. I do not mean participation in ``work activities.'' I mean real work. I mean a job.  And, if a private sector job cannot be found, welfare recipients should still be required to work, giving back to the communities where they live by doing community service work.  In short, the new rule of the game must be this: In exchange for a welfare check, you do something for your benefits. You work. The government will help with child care and some job training, if needed. But, all adults on welfare should be working. The culture of welfare must be replaced with the culture of work.  Let me be specific.  First, we should require all welfare recipients to sign a contract in which they agree to work in exchange for their benefits. Those who refuse to sign should not get benefits.  Then, welfare recipients should have to look for a job immediately. They should have up to 6 months to find a job in the private sector. Six months, period.  Those who refuse to look for work should not get benefits. And, those welfare recipients who are not working at the end of 6 months should work in a public sector job or do community service work--or give up their welfare benefits.  No more free lunches. No more free rides.  And, Mr. President, there should be no more permanent claim on public aid. Working for a welfare check--and everyone should work for their check--must be temporary. Welfare recipients must eventually work for a paycheck.  Do not get me wrong. Temporary assistance is the right and humane thing to do. We should not abandon welfare entirely. All Americans must be secure in the knowledge that if something unexpected happens to them--the death of a spouse, the loss of a job, the burning down of their house--that help will be there.  But, welfare must no longer be a way of life. We do no favors--including for the welfare recipients themselves--by keeping people on welfare indefinitely. We must get people off of welfare--and keep them off. Welfare dependency must be replaced with self-sufficiency and personal responsibility.  So, we should limit adults to 5 years of welfare, returning the welfare system to its original intent--a system of temporary assistance.  Mr. President, a mandatory work requirement and a 5-year time limit sound tough. And, they are. It is time for some tough measures.  But, in the process we must be realistic. If welfare is truly to become a two-way street--if our goal is to move welfare recipients into work and not just out onto the streets--then we cannot ignore the issue of child care.  For a family living in poverty, the costs of child care can eat up almost 25 percent of their income. Expecting welfare recipients to work--demanding that they work--will not work without child care. The work simply will not pay. Welfare recipients will either go to work and leave their children alone --or not go to work at all. No one--no matter how poor--should be asked to choose between their job and their children. Not only is child care the right thing to do--but, without it, welfare reform will fail.  In creating a new welfare system, we must recognize this reality by making sure that child care is available for the children on welfare when their mothers are working. In addition, we must recognize that many of those who leave welfare only to return later do so because they cannot afford child care. We should allow States to provide 2 years of child care assistance for those who have left welfare. And, we should make all low income working families eligible for child care assistance--regardless of whether they had ever been on welfare.  Mr. President, let there be no doubt. We must be strict with the adult recipients of welfare. But, at the same time, we must be compassionate toward the children.  Two-thirds of those on welfare are children--and we should not blame them or punish them for being born into poverty. More than one in every five children in America today is born poor. That's one poor child born every 40 seconds. And they were given no choice in the matter. Abandoning these children--and they are all of our children--is tantamount to abandoning our future.  That is why I believe we must guarantee child care. And, that is why we should, while limiting adults to 5 years of welfare, keep the safety net for children.  If a parent is kicked off of welfare, the children--the innocent children-- should continue to receive assistance for food, housing, and clothing. But, that assistance should be provided for the children through a voucher to a third party--not cash to the parents. In other words, adults should not be able to live off of their children's benefits.  The point here is that we should provide nothing for adults who do not work, but we should protect the children who are not to blame.  Finally, in all of this talk and debate about welfare mothers, let us not forget that there are two adults involved in creating a child. Those who bring children into the world should support their children--and that includes the deadbeat parents, who are mostly dads.  They should be forced to pay child support, and tough child support enforcement must be a part of any welfare reform effort. Getting tough on the deadbeat dads must be as high a priority as getting tough on the welfare mothers. Remember, every dollar not paid in child support is another dollar the Government may have to pay in welfare benefits.  Since 1992, when I was appointed to a Senate Democratic task force on child support enforcement, I have argued that fathers who do not work and do not pay child support should be required to take a job--just as welfare mothers should be required to work. Absent parents who have failed to pay child support should be given a simple choice. They could start paying what they owe their children. Or, they could take a community service job in order to earn the money they owe their children. Or, they could go to jail. But, what they should no longer be able to do is to abandon their children.  Mr. President, I am absolutely committed to passing a tough welfare reform measure that emphasizes work and personal responsibility--but protects children in the process and maintains a safety net for all Americans who need temporary help.  In evaluating the options, I believe that Senator Daschle's proposal--the Work First Act--comes closest to meeting my goals. The Work First plan strikes an appropriate balance. It requires work and imposes a 5-year time limit. It guarantees child care and a temporary safety net for all Americans. It is tough on both welfare mothers and deadbeat dads.  I believe that the Daschle proposal is real welfare reform. And, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this important, significant, and long overdue overhaul of our welfare system.  