  I am not referencing any particular Senator when I say this. And I mean this literally: Not referencing any particular Senator. But we are getting into the field, the time and space, where it is going to be hard to get judges moving through here at all.  As some will remember, when President Bush was in his last year, last days in the Presidency, I, along with the Senator from Utah--we pushed through literally another 17 or 18 judges in the last 4 or 5 days of the session. I hope that spirit exists here.  But in fairness, both President Bush and President Clinton suffered from the same problem. They took too darned long in getting a lot of their nominees up here for us. But we are where we are now. I cannot speak and do not intend to speak for the Senator from Utah. I expect that had things moved more quickly we may have been in a position to be pushing the judgeship bill overall. My guess is that the political reality would be that we are not likely to get that done until the next election settles, whether or not we will get it done.  That is a long way of saying I think on the merits the Senator from Kentucky is correct about the need in Kentucky. I would add in addition to that that the Senators from several other States are in very difficult shape. For example, in the southern district of Florida, they could use a handful more judges just to get their docket up and running to be able to handle civil cases because they have so many criminal cases; in southern California, in Texas, in New York. So there are a lot of places we need extra judges.  I compliment the Senator from Kentucky for making the case for his State. The whole purpose of my speaking these 5 minutes or so is to make the point for the Record. On the record, for the Record, the Senator from Kentucky has a case. I believe he is correct. I will tell him I will do all I can immediately to try to get him an additional judge. But he knows the system as well as I do, and, quite frankly, better than anyone that I know. I would not want him to bet the mortgage on--he probably does not have a mortgage anymore--but I would not want him to bet the farm or the house on us getting this done very quickly. But I support him, and I think he is substantively correct.  