 President, there is no greater legacy we leave on this Earth than our children. Keeping our children safe and helping them grow into productive adults is our greatest challenge and responsibility--as individuals and as a society.  For the most part, parents assume this responsibility willingly. But with more than 50 percent of marriages ending in divorce, some of our children face special risks.  Notwithstanding the fact that many divorced parents are sensitive to their children's needs and act in their best interests, in some cases, custody battles become prolonged wars. When this occurs, children can suffer severe emotional damage.  More seriously, when conflict escalates, it can place children at risk physically through parental kidnapping; in 1988 alone, an estimated 354,000 children were abducted by parents or family members nationwide.  In extreme cases, disputes between parents can even become fatal conflicts. Consider two recent chilling events in my State of Delaware:  In one incident, the father picked up his three children in Delaware for a visit, but then drove them to North Carolina--where he shot them in the head, set the van they were in on fire, and then killed himself in a nearby field.  In a second case, a father killed his two young children as they slept, then turned the gun on himself.  The result of these incidents, which occurred in the space of 2 weeks time--five children dead, all innocent victims of divorce and custody disputes. Of course, these are extreme cases, but they illustrate what can happen when custody disputes escalate.  That is why over the years, we have worked to ensure that the justice system works as smoothly and effectively as possible at handling custody matters, and in particular at making sure that interstate conflicts in custody orders are resolved quickly and appropriately.  Between 1969 and 1983, all 50 States adopted the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction Act, reducing the incentive for parents to abduct their children to another State in an attempt to obtain a favorable custody order.  The act spelled out when a State has jurisdiction to issue a custody order and when it has to enforce the order of another State.  We also addressed a second problem, because States had different views of when custody orders--which are subject to modification--were adequately final so as to trigger the full faith and credit requirements of the Constitution.  In 1980, Congress enacted the Parental Kidnapping Prevention Act to impose a Federal duty on the States to enforce and not modify the custody orders of sister States that issued orders consistent with the act.  This act gives priority to States with home State jurisdiction over States that have what is called significant connections jurisdiction.  It also provides that the State that issued the first custody order has continuing jurisdiction as long as the child or any contestant resides in that State.  Unfortunately, over the years, cracks have surfaced in the application of this law, and contrary to congressional intent, many State courts have continued to modify the custody orders of States that retain continuing jurisdiction.  Take for example a case in which a married couple obtained a divorce in Michigan in 1988. Custody of their child was awarded to the mother, with visitation rights to the father. The decree specifically set-out that Michigan would maintain jurisdiction over the parents and the child.  But 6 months later, the mother, who had moved with the child to Illinois, petitioned an Illinois court to modify the father's visitation rights under the Michigan order. The Illinois trial court denied her motion, ruling that it had no jurisdiction.  Yet the Illinois Court of Appeals reversed and remanded the case, holding in part that Illinois could ``* * * modify a foreign custody judgment even if the other State has jurisdiction so long as the Illinois court has jurisdiction * * *''  The Child Custody Reform Act of 1995 that we introduce today makes it clear that in the case I just described, Illinois could not modify the Michigan court's grant of visitation rights because the father continued to reside in Michigan--and thus, Michigan maintained continuing jurisdiction to protect his interests.  The Child Custody Reform Act of 1995 will help prevent conflicting custody orders and jurisdictional deadlock. I would like to commend Senator Domenici for his leadership on this issue.  The act clarifies that a sister State may not enter a new custody order nor may it modify an existing custody order, as long as the original court acted pursuant to the Parental Kidnapping Prevention Act.  It also clarifies that continuing jurisdiction exists as long as the child or one of the contestants continues to reside in the State.  There are two exceptions to this rule:  If the State that issued the initial custody order declines to exercise jurisdiction to modify such determination; or  If the laws of the State that issued the initial custody order otherwise limit continuing jurisdiction when a child is absent from such a State.  Thus, the act we proposed today does not tread on a State's ability to formulate child custody policy. Instead, it merely provides a Federal obligation to give full faith and credit to the custody orders of sister States.  The importance of this legislation is that it sets a clear line to guide State decisions by requiring that a State cannot modify and must enforce a custody order issued by a sister State that retains jurisdiction under the Parental Kidnapping Prevention Act.  A second problem the legislation that we are introducing addresses is that judges do not now have a reliable, efficient way to know that a judge in another State may have already issued a custody order relating to a particular child.  In our age of advanced computer capabilities, we have the technology at our fingertips. So, let's put cyberspace to good use for our children. And we don't need to reinvent the wheel here--we can build on what we know works.  The Federal Parent Locator Service, which has operated effectively and efficiently under the Social Security Administration for the last decade, already works to enforce State child support obligations. This legislation will expand this service to establish a child custody registry.  We must give judges in different States the ability to communicate about custody cases, and computers are the tools to do that. State courts already are automated.  With modest additional effort, we can link this information and put it to work for our children to prevent interstate custody battles.  Finally, this legislation encourages local governments to take advantage of [[Page S4720]]  visitation centers funded under the 1994 crime law. We can never be 100 percent certain when, how, and even if children will return safely from visits with noncustodial parents.  But visitation centers can provide a safe haven where parents can transfer their children for visitation, or leave their children for court-ordered, supervised visits.  Such centers, which Senator Wellstone advocated successfully last year, should be established in communities in existing facilities, such as schools, neighborhood centers, in public housing complexes, and other convenient locations.  So, by clarifying and strengthening the Parental Kidnapping Prevention Act, by putting critical child custody information at the fingertips of judges, and by providing State and local governments with the funding to open visitation centers, Mr. President, we can go a long way toward protecting our children from being caught in the middle of painful, sometimes violent custody battles.  