 President, I thank my colleague.  Mr. President, I rise to join with my colleague, the distinguished ranking member of the subcommittee, Senator Mikulski, in support of our environmental protection laws.  Mr. President, I think our Republican friends should be straight up. Why do they not just eliminate the Clean Air Act, eliminate the Clean Water Act, and drastically reduce the requirements? Why do you not just do that? Otherwise, the local municipalities, the cities, and the States are not going to be able to meet the requirements of these acts.  I heard all of this talk last year about unfunded mandates. My Lord, did my Republican colleagues bleed over what we were doing to the poor States. They bled and they wept and they talked about the unholy Federal Government, and about what it was hoisting upon States. Folks, you cannot have it both ways.  I say to my friends from New Hampshire and Missouri: Either do it or do not do it. Step up to the plate with a little truth in legislating. OK? This bill is the ultimate unfunded mandate. They know darned well the voters will kill them if they denigrate the Clean Water Act; and they will kill them politically if they denigrate the Clean Air Act. They know what will happen if they attempt to gut these environmental laws. I have not had a single mother or father, or anyone, come up to me and say, ``You know, you folks in the Federal Government are spending too much time determining whether my water is clean.'' Not one has complained about a Federal bureaucrat trying to clean their water.  So what do you do here? You do what you are getting real good at. You say, ``OK, we are not going to denigrate the Clean Air Act nor the Clean Water Act. We are just not going to give the EPA the money, and we are not going to give the States money.'' So all the little communities now, like one in my State which has a toxic waste dump with 7,000 drums of toxic waste sitting there contaminating the water supply, have to fend for themselves. That site is contaminating the area with 2,000 people living within 1 mile of it. And what do we say with this one? We say, ``We think they should still clean that up, and we do not want to give you an unfunded mandate. But you find the money, State. Clean it up.''  Look. This bill is an unfunded mandate, or a backdoor way of trying to lower the water quality and lower the air quality. It is one of the two. If it is done in the name of balancing the budget, I understand that mantra. I voted for a constitutional amendment on balancing the budget. I am for balancing the budget. Let us balance people's checkbooks in terms of how much money they pay the Federal Government in taxes. Do you want to balance something? Balance it that way. Balance it that way. But do not say to the States, ``We want you to keep the water clean and the air clean. We are not changing the Federal standard on that. But, by the way, we are not going to send you the money. We are not going to step in there.''  What do you think you are all going to do to local taxes, folks? What do you think is going to happen here? These folks are going to save you money. Oh, they are going to save you money all right. One of two things will happen. Your water is dirty, or your local taxes are going up--one of the two. But in the meantime, people making over $100,000 bucks will get a tax cut. That is not right.  Mr. President, though not as severe as the House version, the bill before us today does much to protect businesses from liability but little to protect American families from pollution.  The addition of nearly one dozen legislative riders--or loopholes for polluters--is, in my view, just plain wrong.  An appropriations bill is not the place to hastily form policies which will affect the drinking water of every American family, the air every American child breathes.  We hear so much about unfunded mandates, in fact, one of the first pieces of legislation passed by this Congress was an unfunded mandates bill which makes it harder for the Federal Government to impose costs upon States.  As a former county councilman I support this effort. Yet, the bill before us cuts the Environmental Protection Agency's budget by a whopping $1 billion.  Who is going to pick up the cost for these necessary protection efforts? State and local governments--an unfunded mandate. That is why this amendment is so necessary.  By cutting hazardous waste cleanup efforts by 36 percent, this bill will prevent additional progress from being made at our most dangerous toxic sites.  One such site in my home State of Delaware--an industrial waste landfill in New Castle County--contains over 7,000 drums of toxic liquids and chemicals.  The soil is contaminated with heavy metals. The ground water is contaminated. About 2,000 people live within 1 mile of the site.  I want that site cleaned up. I want those families to live and raise their children in a clean, safe environment.  The level of funding in the bill would jeopardize future progress at this site--and I am not going to put Delaware's communities at risk.  The bill as currently written also cuts by over $328 million assistance to local governments in meeting their Clean Water Act responsibilities.  These funds are desperately needed by local communities to modernize facilities which treat wastewater pollution.  The cut means that raw sewage will pollute local waters, potentially reaching America's coastline, places such as Rehobeth and Dewey Beaches in Delaware.  Years ago, I literally dredged raw sewage from the floor of the Delaware Bay to demonstrate just how polluted that waterway once was.  Today it is much cleaner, and raw sewage is no longer as severe a problem.  I am not going to turn back the clock on that progress--America's beaches should be littered with vacationers, not sewage.  Lastly, Mr. President, the amendment provides an extremely modest amount of funding for the Council on Environmental Quality.  The former Republican Governor of Delaware, Mr. Russ Peterson, a man whom I have the utmost respect and admiration for, formerly chaired this Council.  It's mission is simple: To eliminate duplication and waste by coordinating the Government's use of environmental impact statements, in the process saving the taxpayers' money.  It is a wise use of resources, the return is far greater than the investment and we ought to support it.  Mr. President, this amendment will not add one penny to the Federal deficit or debt.  It is funded by simple fairness--any future tax cut provided in the budget bill both Chambers are now working on should go to the middle class only.  It is as simple as that.  The middle class has been taking a beating over the past two decades. They have played by the rules, paid their taxes, done right by their children, and yet their standard of living has fallen.  Violence has encroached upon their lives unlike any other time in our history. Women, and even men, no longer feel safe walking to their cars at night across dimly lighted parking lots. Armed robberies at automatic teller machines are now commonplace in safe suburban areas.  The middle class have earned a tax break, they deserve help sending their children to college, or buying their first home.  Mr. President, this amendment puts environmental protection for America's families, ahead of liability protection for polluting special interests and I urge its adoption.  