 Although I wrote the plan with my two Republican colleagues, we received very little support from either side of the aisle. I think our high-water mark 3 years later was 38 votes.  I also supported the Gramm-Rudman process that has been much maligned here in the Congress. It has not worked, but I argue that absent that things would even be worse than they are today. Gramm-Rudman put caps on the amount of deficits allowed and required a balanced budget. But the requirements changed every year, and the only constant in the process was the annual increase in the national debt and the guarantee of annual deficits.  Those are not the only things that we have tried. Over 10 years ago, I offered my own constitutional amendment to balance the Federal budget--and you might expect me to say, parenthetically, I think it was a superior document to the one we are about to vote on this year. Up through my vote for Senator Reid's balanced budget amendment last year, I have held that this is an issue worthy of constitutional consideration. Many suggest that this is not an issue worthy of constitutional consideration.  Well, the fact of the matter is, I think my friend from Illinois is correct when he keeps quoting and referencing Jefferson. If this is not worthy of constitutional consideration--how we are able to bind or not bind future generations--I am not sure what is worthy of constitutional consideration.  That in no way undercuts the opposing argument that writing fiscal policy into a constitution or into a document of governance is a difficult and maybe impossible thing. But the notion that this is not worthy of constitutional consideration, I think, is not accurate. The decision to encumber future generations with financial obligations is one that can rightly be considered among the fundamental choices addressed in the Constitution.  But from the first time the resolution before us here today was proposed, I have been concerned that it could bring with it problems that, taken together, could be almost as bad as the deficit problem that we are all worried about. In the Judiciary Committee, I have described some of those concerns. This year, in committee a number of amendments were offered to fix what I, at least, perceive to be problems in this constitutional amendment. Some of us tried to make this a better proposal. We tried to avoid tying up the courts with constitutional questions about such important details as the President's role in enforcing the balanced budget. We tried to keep the Social Security trust fund off budget, where it is now and where it should stay. We tried to assure that the real cost of the balanced budget amendment, and not just its surface lure, is known to the citizens who will be asked to ratify this amendment in the coming months. We tried to provide a capital budget to treat public investments the way families, businesses, and States treat their own investments.  These and other amendments were not accepted. The reason they were not accepted--and you will hear it repeatedly; my friend from Utah referenced it. It is the one thing that worries me most, as I am one of those undecided votes. I am told that there are five, six, seven, or eight of us in this place who do not oppose the notion that we have a mechanism in the Constitution to deal with deficits. But we are very unsure of this mechanism. The camps generally divide into two areas. One suggests that it is bad policy, period, to put anything in the Constitution. And there are those who suggest that this is the only answer. I am with that handful or maybe a couple of hands full of people here who find myself believing that it is not inappropriate but believing that what we have before us may not do the job. I have been here long enough to realize that there are often unintended consequences of our actions which are sometimes worse than the problem we have attempted to cure.  Where do we stand now? We have before us the balanced budget amendment, about which many of us have expressed serious reservations, the effects of which in both the short and the long term cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty, although we will find plenty of people on the floor who will predict with certainty how they think this will work. I think any reasonable person, though, will acknowledge that it is almost impossible to predict with a degree of certainty what will happen if this passes.  I hope we can improve the proposal by passing amendments. But there is a second refrain you will hear on the floor, I expect, time and time again: This is the best we could do. This is the best we could do. We have to pass exactly what the House sent to us, because we have never been so close before. We have to take what is before us. For example, I will, in my opening statement here, make reference to some Governors and others who have suggested that a capital budget is a good idea. When I ask people why it is a bad idea, the Senator from Illinois gives me his well-thought-out rationale why it is not necessary or why it is counterproductive. Most others look at me and say: ``We cannot fool with this or tamper with this because it is the only game in town now. We are getting perilously close, and we cannot change anything at all.''  I respectfully suggest that that is not a very enlightened way to deal with amending the Constitution. I cannot say that I am optimistic that the improvements, from my perspective, that I and others will suggest will be accepted. I fear that there are those who will believe that the mere fact that we will suggest improvements is really designed to kill the amendment. The truth of the matter is that these amendments are designed to make it better. I will speak to the specific changes I would like to see. But the changes I suggest will not in any way undermine the principle of this amendment and would make it more workable, not less workable.  Whether or not we amend this amendment, Mr. President, this balanced budget amendment, may in fact [[Page S1818]] change our ways. Perhaps we will use the opportunity of a constitutional constraint and make the tough choices to restore sobriety to our budget process. I devoutly hope so.  Of course, it may be that we will decide that the economic and political cost of an annual budget balance are not worth the benefits. It may be that we will make use of both the legitimate escape clauses in this amendment, and other, unforeseen devices to evade the intent of the amendment. Mr. President, I hope we do not, if this passes.  We, quite frankly, cannot be sure that a vote for this amendment will have the effect the authors promise. But we can be sure that if we try nothing, we will remain on the path that we have been on for too many years now, with the notable exception of the last 3 years under the leadership of this President. I know the stereotype is that all Democrats are big spenders and that all Republicans are conscientious with the taxpayers' dollars. Obviously, history does not support that conclusion. If we had not had the Reagan budgets that we all voted on--and we could have stopped them--but had we not had the Reagan budgets and that unusual theory of the Laffer curve, we would have a budget in balance right now. It's out of balance just because of the interest accumulated on and the debt that has occurred as a consequence of the Reagan additional deficits--I should not say Reagan--the deficits produced by Reagan and the Democratic Congress both.  But we will hear a good deal of hyperbole on this amendment. Its supporters promise that it is a cure-all, and its opponents promise that, if it passes, we are going to go to hell in a hand basket rapidly and all our liberties will be taken from us. I hope we keep our eye on the ball here and at least have an open mind to the prospect that we can make this amendment better and still have an amendment.  We will continue to add every year to the debt burden of future generations. We will steal today from the future, squeezing out the savings and investments that could increase our future wealth if we do not do something about stopping the size of these deficits, even if we do not actually balance the budget, if we do not make a change.  The Senator from Iowa pointed out--I think I heard him say, and I stand to be corrected--that in 1969, the last time we balanced the budget, for every tax dollar collected, six cents, or thereabouts, went to pay interest on the debt, and every tax dollar collected in 1993 or 1994--I forget which year he used, maybe it was 1991--but anyway, every tax dollar collected in the last year or so, 29 cents, I believe was the number he gave, or 26 cents, goes to pay interest on the debt.  I am sure someone has looked out over the next 15 years and concluded that if we stay on the track, even the one predicted by the President of the United States, that we will be requiring an increasingly larger share of every tax dollar just to pay the interest on the debt.  And to me that is the driving force behind this amendment. To me, the beginning, middle, and end is not whether there is a mechanism that guarantees a balanced budget amendment. It is not whether or not there is any magic about it being actually in balance. It is not whether or not we come close. It is about that increasingly larger proportion of the tax dollars collected going for the most useless investment of paying interest on the debt.  When I introduced my budget freeze proposal years ago, the liberals of my party said, ``It's an awful thing you are doing, Joe. All the programs we care about, you are freezing them--money for the blind, the disabled, education and so on.''  My argument then is one I make now, which is the strongest, most compelling reason to be for this amendment--or an amendment--that if we do not do that, all the things I care most about are going to be gone--gone. So what do we have? We end up with essentially a net reduction in the programs that I cared about over the last 10 years, a net increase in other programs, and a net increase in the portion of the budget that goes to pay interest on the debt.  So the people I care most about--the reason I ran for public office in the first place--are the people that got hurt the most in this process and are likely to get hurt the most because they are the weakest in our society. When an interest group like the PTA comes down here to support money for education, and other interest groups support money for tax expenditures for major businesses, I have no doubt who is going to win that fight. I have no doubt how that is going to turn out.  So if this debt continues to increase, we will continue to tie our hands and our ability--indeed, our responsibility--to set national priorities in our annual budget process because of the interest on the debt required to be paid every year.  This year, the interest on the national debt will cost us $235 billion. The entire domestic discretionary budget will be $253 billion.  Now we use phrases like that ``discretionary budget,'' and my staff writes that stuff in. And I keep telling them nobody in the world but people in this Chamber and inside the beltway know what ``discretionary budget'' means.  Let me translate. The discretionary budget includes everything from the FBI to education, from help for the mentally retarded to the Library of Congress. That is everything. Everything out there that people think is the place where we are wasting money, that people think is the place we can cut to cut the deficit, does not include Social Security, does not include entitlement programs, does not include interest on the debt. The point is, it is all those things that everybody when I go home who says, ``Joe, if you just cut the waste in Government''--if we shut down every department in the Government, we would in effect have an inability to balance the budget in the outyears because we are already talking about interest on the debt equaling almost the same amount of money of all the money we spend on the Government for what the average person thinks are Government expenditures. They do not usually think of Social Security as a Government expenditure. They do not think of the things we generally talk about as the big-ticket items here as expenditures.  By the time this amendment is intended to become law, in the year 2002, the interest on our debt will be $344 billion, larger than every other category in the budget except Social Security. That is just interest on the debt.  If we do nothing, our inability to control the growth of debt, and the cost of carrying that debt, will tie our hands, preventing us from shifting resources to meet changing needs, which is the essence, in my view, of responsible budgeting, responsible Government.  So, Mr. President, the question before us today and in the coming weeks is not the simple one: ``Are you for balancing the budget or not?'' Under most circumstances, everyone would agree we should balance our books.  No, it seems to me Mr. President the question is: ``Does our repeated failure to balance the budget necessitate a response that all of us agree is extraordinary?'' And that is amending the Constitution.  It is by no means that clear that the amendment before us will eliminate deficits. It certainly will make deficits more difficult--which in and of itself is a worthy undertaking--but with a three-fifths vote, we can in fact continue to borrow.  And I hope no one is under the delusion that by hook or by crook some future Congress, less virtuous than we, will not be able to find ways around the restrictions in this amendment.  With little faith in human nature, but a healthy respect for human ingenuity, we should have no delusions on that count.  I think both the supporters and the opponents of this amendment quite frankly overstate the case, though.  I expect the supporters of this balanced budget amendment will, as they already have, proclaim it as a panacea that will cure a structural defect in the way that a democratically elected legislature weighs fiscal responsibility against the demands of constituents. The supporters will proclaim its passage as the end of deficit spending.  The opponents of this amendment may agree that it will drastically change our Government, but, they will argue, for the worse. I expect they will describe the pain that the deep cuts will cause to the American people--the elderly, the poor, the military, the [[Page S1819]] farmers, and the rest who depend on Government--and paint a bleak picture of life under a balanced budget regime.  I say to my colleagues on both sides of this debate that all these claims overstate the case.  This amendment will not magically cause deficits to disappear. The hard work of cutting must still be done--and it should be done by us.  This is hard work. Evidence the fact that everybody acknowledges that the President's budget package reduced the deficit, yet everyone went out last year and ran on this gigantic tax increase. It increased it only for the very wealthy. The middle-class taxpayers paid no more. In fact, they got reductions in some cases. And those who were low- or middle-class income taxpayers with children, they got an actual reduction in their taxes.  But yet this thing, this horrible thing we did, which touched the top 1 percent of all the taxpayers in America in any meaningful way, was so horrible and so bad--even though, by the way, in that same document the President said and we voted that we would freeze spending; we would freeze spending in all these other categories--it was so bad the other side could not even muster up the courage to give one single, solitary vote for reducing the budget deficit by a half-trillion dollars over the outyears. And the deficit went down. It actually went down.  Yet, if they could not muster the courage for that vote--which obviously cost a lot politically because if you notice there are fewer desks on this side of the aisle than there are on that side of the aisle; obviously they were right, politically anyway. If they could not muster the courage for that vote, how are we going to find over $1 trillion to cut?  I mean, this is incredible. It is incredible the degree of self-delusion you will see us all engage in over the next couple days, the next couple weeks. But this amendment will not magically cause deficits to disappear.  Nor will this amendment turn democratically elected officials in Congress, as the opponents say, into hardhearted authoritarians who will ignore the cries of their constituents. That is what my friends opposed to this amendment basically will say.  Even under this amendment, the economy will falter and need shoring up. That is going to happen no matter what we pass. I do not think anyone can tell me that this amendment is going to take us out of the cycles we have been in for the of the past 200 years, particularly the past 60 years. The economy will falter at some point and it will need shoring up.  Foreign dictators will rattle their swords and we will be called upon to respond by spending billions of dollars to send armies somewhere.  Rains will fall and plains will flood, and Federal disaster relief will be called for, to the tune of billions of dollars. I remember when, in the section of the country of my friend from Illinois, he and others were in here pleading that we should continue to reroute the Mississippi and every other river in America and we should reimburse people for that disaster. And most Members stepped up to the ball and helped. Now our friends on the west coast are accurately pointing out that there is billions of dollars worth of damage because of earthquakes and fires and floods and rains. Are such natural disasters going to stop? Is anyone going to suggest that this balanced budget amendment will send a message to God, as well, and say, ``OK, God, we balance our budget, now you hold off from here on.''  Our population will age, and the need to support the medical and social needs of those who supported us when we needed it will not diminish. It will grow. Costs will grow. And on and on and on and on.  I predict that from time to time--perhaps more frequently--three-fifths of Members in Congress will agree that some need of our people is so great that we will agree that this year we will not balance the budget, or this year we will screw up the courage to have people pay for what they say they want through the Tax Code.  I realize, incidentally, that is a horrible thing to suggest. I always find interesting, everything that we hear about the balanced budget--with the notable exception of my friend from Illinois and a few others that are the chief sponsors of this--is always in terms of ``cut spending.''  Whatever happened to the old conservative discipline about paying for what you spend? Paying for what you spend. I thought that meant that if we spend, then we ought to tell people how much it will cost to spend. If they do not want Members to spend, then we should not spend. But if they want to spend, we should be honest, must tell them what it will cost.  Which brings me to the argument raised by some that before passing this amendment we should tell the American people how we intend to balance the budget. There are those who claim that this is just a sham on the part of the opponents of the balanced budget amendment. Well, I am not an opponent of that amendment, but I want to tell Members it does not seem to be unrealistic for someone to lay out in broad details at least how it will work. Those people say, ``Wait a minute; if you are for the balanced budget amendment, you ought to say how to balance it.'' Most people who are against the balanced budget amendment are not saying that we have to balance the budget; they are saying that our budget should be somewhere around 19 percent of GNP, that we should not put ourselves in the position where we are out of whack. They argue, like many economists, that balancing the budget in and of itself is not a sacred undertaking and could be counterproductive.  It seems to me that we should tell the American people. I look at the polls out there. For example, I want to go on record, and I am up for reelection this year, and I will remind everybody what I did at home, which will cost me politically. When I argued that we should freeze Federal spending, I meant Social Security as well. I meant Medicare and Medicaid. I meant veterans benefits. I meant every single solitary thing in the Government. And I not only tried it once, I tried it twice, I tried it a third time, and I tried it a fourth time.  Somebody has to tell me in here how we are going to do this hard work without dealing with any of those sacred cows, some deserving more protection than others. I am not quite sure how you get from here to there. I am sure that we should tell the American people straight up that such an amendment is going to require some big changes.  The balanced budget amendment will not end our deficit in one fell swoop, nor will it cause our Nation to turn its back overnight on those who depend on us. All it means, as the Senator from Utah said, is that we will have to stand up more often and be counted on these things. I find that a good thing, not a bad thing.  As we begin this debate, let Members keep a decent perspective on the true consequences of this amendment. It is important that we not overstate nor overpromise what the amendment will do. Let Members debate this amendment with all the seriousness that a constitutional amendment requires, to ensure that the amendment we propose to the States and the American people merits the honor of being included in our most fundamental covenant of self-rule.  So what, then, are the concerns that many Members, those so-called undecided voters, bring to this debate?  First and perhaps foremost, it seems to me we must examine whether the amendment is likely to shift the balance of power between the branches of Government to an extent never experienced or expected by our forefathers. It was the wise position of the drafters of the Constitution in 1787 that the Congress, being the most representative branch, the most democratic, and the most sensitive to--and ironically that is why we are needing this amendment. Everybody should not lose sight of that. We say that Congress is not responsive, and that we should be more responsive to people; and then we are told the reason we need this amendment is we are too responsive to the people. Whatever they come and ask for we give to them in a painless way. Kind of fascinating how we sort of turn these arguments to whatever benefit the moment allows.  The fact is we are the most representative branch. We do respond to the people, and that is how we were supposed to respond based on what our Founders intended. And we are the [[Page S1820]] most democratic and most sensitive to the public needs.  Because of all that, the drafters of the Constitution spent a lot of time debating this little point on the second floor in Philadelphia, because they did not want the debate to take place on the first floor. They were afraid people would eavesdrop and hear what is going on. This was before ``Government in the sunshine.'' The delegates to the Constitutional Convention sat in the second floor so people could not walk by and eavesdrop. What they were saying on the second floor is, ``Look, if we are going to give the power to tax and spend, we better give it to the outfit that will most directly respond to the people. Taxes, we will give that to those guys in the House that get elected every 2 years. We do not want the Senators--who were not popularly elected in those days--to do that. They can only respond to a tax bill proposed by the House.''  So there was a real solid reason why, in setting out the balance of power, taxing and spending was put in the Congress. James Madison, who is recognized as the father of the Constitution, called this power of the purse ``the most complete and effectual weapon with which any Constitution can arm the immediate representatives of the people for obtaining a redress of every grievance and for carrying into effect every just and salutary measure.''  That power of the purse has remained with the Congress for over 200 years. This amendment threatens to take away a good deal of that power and to share it with the President, a fundamental shift of authority that will irretrievably alter the balance of power established in the Constitution.  Senators might say, well, how, in fact, does this amendment threaten to shift the power to the President? Because, I am convinced, Presidents will seize on the language of this amendment to claim a constitutional power to impound; that is, to refuse to spend money that Congress has duly appropriated. This power to impound would give the President wide-ranging authority to undo or redo Congress' spending priorities without limits, or at least so a President would claim.  Now, you may say no President will do that, Joe, and as a Democrat I am happy that this guy downtown is of my party. I am sure he would not do that. But let me ask you, what do you think Nixon did? What do you think old Lyndon Johnson would have done? What do you think Franklin Roosevelt would have done with his power? Now, maybe we are not going to have any more Roosevelts--I hope that is not true--or Johnsons or Nixons, but we just may very well.  What does it mean for a President to wield this power? It means the President could decide to change the way the Congress had allocated funding in spending bills; for example, taking away money that ensures that small States get their fair share. Let me be parochial for a moment. I am a Senator from Delaware, one of the smallest States in the Union, the fifth smallest population in the Union.  When we pass bills here to make sure that all persons benefit, whether they live in New Hampshire or Delaware or Utah or Wyoming or Alaska or other small States, we sit and we make sure the formulas we write into the bills do not let all of the money go just on a per capita basis. We usually get together--and there are probably somewhere between 18 and 20 of us, that is, States who find themselves in that position. Well, if the President gets to the end of the line here, the budget is not in balance, we have not passed a balanced budget--I might add we will not know whether or not this will be in balance as we go along because it is based upon predicted revenues. So we spend based on predicted revenues. That does not account for emergencies. That does not count significant downturns in the economy, or a lot of other things that come into play.  But if, at the end of the line, we pass a budget that we thought was in balance but, in fact, was out of balance, that means the President, under this amendment, arguably, could say, ``That is my job. I will redo this.'' I know what I would do if I were President and I wanted to balance the budget. I would pick off the smallest States and cut the moneys that were allocated for them. They are the least powerful in Congress. They cannot do much. They do not have that many Representatives. Over here, because we make up a minority, we might find ourselves in difficulty.  Now maybe a President would not do that. But he would have that power, under the amendment. The President could change detailed policy set by Congress; he could conclude on his own that Congress put, for example, too many military bases in South Carolina or Kansas or was spending too much on medical treatment in Utah or Mississippi.  Do we really want to give the President that kind of power?   I think not.  Along with this power to spend, according to Walter Dellinger, a noted constitutional scholar and now the President's top constitutional adviser, this amendment could even be construed to give the President the power to levy taxes, to raise needed revenues. I think that is much more unlikely, quite frankly, although it is arguably possible.  Do we want to give the President that kind of power? I do not think we do.  In committee, I supported Senator Kennedy in offering an amendment to make it absolutely clear that the balanced budget amendment is not intended to shift to the President a major piece of Congress' historical power to tax and spend.  Not a single one of my colleagues that I am aware of disagreed with the point of the amendment. Nobody disagreed with the point of the amendment. Some said not to worry, it cannot happen, or it probably will not happen, or it is unlikely to happen. But everyone acknowledged that if it happened, it would be a bad thing. And yet a majority, all the Republicans and a couple of Democrats, voted en bloc to defeat this amendment claiming it was not necessary, that after-the-fact legislation could take care of the problem, the so-called enabling legislation.  I sure would like to know that before we pass this. I would like to know whether or not a President can do that. Why do we not just make it clear that Congress has the power to resolve any discrepancy between spending and revenues that is left at the end of the year--the Congress, not the President.  Now, maybe that is what the Congress will do. Maybe the President will not over-reach. But I have never seen, as a student of history, any time where there has been a vacuum in power created that the administration, Democrat or Republican, has not stepped in to fill. And I have seen very few times when the Congress on its own volition has stepped up to the ball to fill a vacuum when filling the vacuum would require them to make hard decisions. And so I do not think it is unreasonable to suggest that future Presidents may seek this authority to impound.  It's not necessary to spell out in the amendment that the President should not have this power? Well, I say that a principle as important as preserving the balance of power should be stated as plainly and boldly as possible in the balanced budget amendment itself.  Now, as we debate this, I will be happy to hear anyone say that the President should have that power. I suspect everyone is going to say he should not and this amendment does not give it to him.  Well, if that is true, what is the big deal of including it in the amendment? It is not inartful. It can be artfully done. It does not ruin the symmetry of the amendment. It does not go to the heart of whether we have to balance the amendment. It merely says we are not going to shift the balance of power, no doubt about it.  Our Constitution, that durable and flexible document, has endured for over 200 years. The chief reason it has endured is because the self-correcting checks and balances that have kept one branch from dominating the other have been maintained. In the days to come, I will support, if not offer, efforts to modify this amendment to ensure that in addressing this important issue we do not risk undoing 200 years of history.  The second concern that I have is not a constitutional one. It is a very practical one but no less important for that fact. The balanced budget amendment makes no provision for a capital budget to pay for long-term capital improvements. This amendment will require [[Page S1821]] the Federal Government to pay for capital improvements--roads, bridges, schools, aircraft carriers, all of which are designed to last for decades--on a pay-as-you-go basis.  Now, this is not the way States or local governments or our families or businesses, for that matter, treat these sorts of long-term items. No. All of these recognize that it is permissible, even prudent, to go into debt to pay for long-term items such as a house, a factory, or a road or an aircraft carrier. State and local governments that are required to balance their budgets every year are permitted by their balanced budget rules to set up capital budgets. They are permitted to borrow money to pay for long-term capital items even though they must balance the rest of their budget.  Now, we hear the phrase used all the time: ``States do this; why can't we do it?'' States do not do this. If you look at the numbers, the total accumulated debt of the States over a comparable period for the Federal Government over the last two decades, the States have increased debt more rapidly than the Federal Government--almost a 2-to-1 margin.  So before you get on the floor and pound your chest about how your State balances its budget, say how would your State balance this budget if it had the same exact amendment as this.  Now, some States may. Mine does not. Mine is a little tighter, quite frankly, but we are smaller and we are more manageable. Most States that have balanced budget amendments do not, do not, in fact, balance their budgets. They have a capital budget which allows them to go in debt. I believe the Federal Government should have the same ability to borrow to pay for capital items as State and local governments do and that we should amend the balanced budget amendment to assure that we give proper weight to our long-term needs.  I am not alone in this view. The Wall Street Journal editorial page, that bastion of conservative thought, has criticized the balanced budget amendment because it lacks such a capital budget. Here is what the Wall Street Journal had to say.       To understand the economics, start here:  Referring to the balanced budget amendment.       Start here. If all American households were required to      balance their budgets every year, no one would ever buy a      house.       Of course, households don't think about their budgets that      way; they figure `balance' means meeting their mortgage      payments. Similarly, State and local governments with a      ``balanced budget'' requirement can still borrow money for      capital improvements.  So I say to everyone here in the gallery as they walk out and say, ``We balance our budget; why doesn't the Federal Government do it the way we do,'' well, unless you are a very wealthy person--even then it would not be good economics to do it this way--unless you are a very wealthy person and paid cash for your house and paid cash for your car, you do not balance your budget. You do not balance your budget like this amendment requires it to be balanced.  I want the Federal Government to have to balance their budget the way households have to balance their budgets, the way States have to balance their budgets. And that is with a capital budget. I have a capital budget--I have a mortgage on my house. I have a capital budget--well, I do not have a capital budget on my car, but most people, when they buy a new car, have a capital budget. I meet that by paying as everyone does and the States do, paying on it monthly, in my case, and the States yearly, the cost of that borrowing and the principal. We pay it down. We pay it off. But the Federal budget, under this amendment, would not allow that.  Now, Gov. Mike Leavitt of Utah, a prime supporter of enacting the balanced budget amendment, testified before the Judiciary Committee that his State has a capital budget provision and recommended that we look further into the question before enacting House Joint Resolution 1.  My own Governor, Gov. Tom Carper, former Congressman of 10 years here in Washington, the strongest supporter from my delegation for a balanced budget amendment, a Democrat, told our Constitutional Subcommittee the same thing last year.  But despite that good advice, this balanced budget amendment does not follow that almost universal practice of capital budgets because it fails to set up a separate capital budget for major physical improvements. It will surely mean less of those improvements, or we will make those improvements and we will further cut in other areas of the budget or raise taxes in other areas of the budget which will cause more great pain, when the more reasonable way to do it would be to do it the way the States and households do it. After all, if families could not borrow to pay for their houses, there would be many fewer homeowners. And if States could not borrow to build their roads, there would be many fewer roads.  Why enact a balanced budget amendment and fail to distinguish between projects that merit long-term financing and those that should be funded from year to year? Under this balanced budget amendment, the incentive will be to focus only on those spending priorities that have short-term payoffs, economically and politically. That is not good for rebuilding the infrastructure of this country, which we all say we have to do to compete internationally. Because that is where the political pressure will come.  If, in my State, they come to me and say why do you not vote to spend more money for the Corps of Engineers that will allow them to dredge the Delaware River and the Port of Wilmington, why do you not do that versus spending more money for drug treatment programs.  I know when I hear a mallet going down; I can tell it.  I yield to the President, obviously.  