 President, for years now, from the first time this amendment to balance the budget came before us, several of its features have caused me concern.  In addition to the constitutional issues involved in how we will enforce a balanced budget, and the lack of any provision for long-term investments, I have been most concerned by the inclusion of the social security trust fund in the budget that House Joint Resolution 1 requires to be in balance each year.  Those concerns have been the grounds not only for my statements here on the Senate floor, in the Judiciary Committee, and elsewhere, but also for my votes in the last two sessions of Congress.  Last year, I voted for a constitutional balanced budget amendment, one that excluded Social Security from budget calculations.  Back in my State of Delaware, my constituents share my concern about the Social Security trust fund, so when I raise that issue here I am speaking about their worries as well as my own.  Social Security is a unique program with a unique impact on our budget. That is why we voted, 98 to 2, to take it offbudget in 1990.  Here on the Senator floor, Senator Reid and Senator Feinstein have shown us the exact language with which we took Social Security offbudget in the 1990 budget agreement.  By the way, Mr. President, we all owe them our gratitude for raising this issue, and for leading the defense of Social Security here on the floor.  That 1990 agreement was made between the bipartisan leadership of Congress and President Bush.  We took that step for a very good reason, Mr. President. We were undertaking significant budget reforms and deficit reduction, and concluded that the most honest bookkeeping procedure would be to keep the Social Security trust fund out of the calculations of the annual budget.  I see no reason to reverse that decision now, particularly in light of its effects on future deficits, and certainly not in the Constitution.  [[Page S2590]] The Social Security trust fund holds a unique position in our political system, and it deserves special consideration as we set a course for the Federal budget that could last for the next 200 years.  The Social Security system has been the very symbol of the National Government's promise to provide a safety net under those who contributed to the trust fund, and by, extension, to this country's prosperity.  Ironically, that same system that has been for so many years a symbol of a promise made and a promise kept is now seen by the generation just moving into the work force--the generation of my sons and, in a few years, my daughter--as a symbol of the Federal Government's duplicity and irresponsibility.  We have all heard that humorous opinion poll finding, that more young people today believe in UFO's than believe that the Social Security system will be there for them when they need it.  That might be funny, Mr. President, if it were not such a sad commentary on the attitude of our young people about our Government more generally.  Of all the harm our inability to manage our finances has caused, that may be the most damaging--the declining faith in our Government's ability, even willingness, to keep its word.  There are of course many reasons for the cynicism of our young people, which is just part of a wider national disaffection.  But at the top of anyone's list of reasons must be the perception that Social Security--the symbol of a responsive Government for my parents' generation--has become for my children's generation the symbol of a Government that takes from the unorganized and gives to the people with the best lobbyists.  For my parents' generation, Social Security is symbol of a Government guarantee of a secure future; for my children's generation, it is a symbol of why they are increasingly insecure about the future.  I'm afraid, Mr. President, that keeping Social Security in the budget--by constitutional mandate, no less--we may well prove those skeptics right.  Let there be no mistake, Mr. President, the money in the Social Security surplus--$69 billion this year alone, and it will accumulate to nearly $3 trillion by the year 2020--will be far too tempting for us if we are to be bound by the Constitution to balance our budgets.  Those funds could be used to ease a lot of short-term pain as we face the major budget choices needed to lower our deficits.  It is precisely because we do not trust ourselves or future Congresses to write responsible budgets that we are considering this balanced budget amendment right now.  If we leave an extra $3 trillion on the table do we really expect that we will leave Social Security alone?  This fiscal year, we will have the benefit of a $69 billion Social Security surplus, that under the terms of the balanced budget amendment, we would be constitutionally allowed to use to make the deficit in the rest of the Government's operations look smaller.  By the year 2002, that Social Security surplus will be $111 billion. Every year thereafter, the annual surplus will grow, as it should, to cover the future obligations of the Federal Government to Social Security beneficiaries.  And therefore, every year the task of balancing the budget to meet the requirements of the balanced budget amendment will be that much easier. At least, Mr. President, for the short term.  Mr. President, by the very logic that led to this debate today, we will use that money to delay those tough choices for future decades.  If we lack the will to do the right thing about our deficits without a constitutional requirement, why should we be trusted to leave Social Security alone if its surpluses will help us avoid some of the political pain of complying with the Constitution?  The Social Security system is not the cause of today's deficit problem; it should not be made the short-term solution for those problems, either.  That is why we should protect Social Security by accepting the Reid amendment.  To be sure, the system faces its own imbalances--even monumental deficits--all too soon, when the baby boomers retire.  At that time, the Social Security system will begin a freefall into deficits that will eventually swamp the rest of the Federal budget in red ink.  At that time, our problem will be the reverse of the short-term temptation to use the current surplus to mask the cuts needed to get the rest of the budget into balance.  When the Social Security trust fund heads south, when its surplus becomes an increasing deficit, we will then be scrambling to find ways to cut the rest of the budget to accommodate the requirements of the Constitution.  The Social Security balances will accumulate surpluses up to roughly 2020, when the whole system just falls right off the table, as we spend out at a rapid rate to meet obligations to an increasing number of retiring baby boomers who will be supported by a declining number of workers.  The Social Security system's financial problems are driven by a number of factors, some of which we can control. But there is one factor that will always be beyond our control.  Demographic trends--the most famous of which we call the baby boom--will determine how many beneficiaries will be receiving benefits from the system and how many workers will be paying their payroll taxes into the system.  The Social Security system--no matter how well our policies are designed--cannot be balanced on an annual basis but must be balanced over decades, even over generations.  Therefore, unless we do away with Social Security all together, the balanced budget amendment will mix--in the constitutional definition of the budget--programs with very different balances.  I might add that is the same problem we will have if we neglect to provide for a capital budget, a way of carrying the cost of long-term assets on our books without having to count them as a current expense.  By attempting to lump every kind of activity into a single definition of the budget, the balanced budget amendment ignores the kinds of distinctions we all make in our daily lives.  Mr. President, we all distinguish between our savings accounts, our mortgage payments, and our monthly checkbook balances.  We do not count our savings account balances--or the balances in our retirement accounts--when we balance our checkbooks every month. In the real world, it wouldn't do us any good anyway--we would still have to pay our bills.  Unless we intend to use that retirement account to pay our current monthly bills, that retirement account should not even be considered when we balance our checkbooks.  Unless we intend to use the Social Security surplus to cover annual operating expenses, Mr. President, there is no reason to keep the Social Security trust funds in the constitutional definition of our annual budget.  No one here would deny that Social Security needs fixing on its own terms. And, Mr. President, we all know that we will never give it the attention it needs if we are able to hide behind a constitutional definition of the budget that uses the surplus to mask the true extent of the deficit in the rest of the Government's operations.  I for one don't for a minute think that those choices--how to cut the deficit--will be made easier if we hold the system apart from the rest of the Federal budget.  They will not be made more easily if we accept this amendment, Mr. President, but they will be made more honestly.  Those tough choices should not be tangled up with the solution for other budget issues not caused by the Social Security system.  The Reid amendment will preserve the Social Security system's unique place in our laws, and will permit us to address its very real problems on their own merits.  That is, after all, only what the opponents of the Reid amendment say they want, too--to keep Social Security off the table when we start the cutting that will be required to comply with the balanced budget amendment.  If that's what they want, then let them join us in taking it off the table now.  [[Page S2591]] Surely, they cannot argue that Senator Dole's amendment that we accepted earlier provides the protection that Social Security needs and deserves.  As Senators Hollings and Heflin have conclusively argued, once the Social Security system is included in the constitutional definition of the Federal budget, no mere statute or statement of this Congress' intention will prevent future Congresses from using the Social Security surpluses to comply with the balanced budget requirement.  So we can talk all we want about what we would do, or what we expect future Congresses to do. The Reid amendment takes care of this problem at its roots, in the Constitution.  Even with Senator Dole's amendment, the temptation to use these funds--and the equally distressing prospect of saddling ourselves with those future deficits--will always be there.  Even now, Mr. President, despite the apparently bipartisan chant that we should keep our hands off of Social Security, there are other voices out there that we should be aware of, too.  The new Speaker of the House, in his opening address on January 4, referring to the balanced budget amendment, said, and I quote, ``I think Social Security should be off limits, at least for the first 4 to 6 years, because I think it will just destroy us if we bring it into the game.''  And the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, during hearings on the balanced budget amendment, said that failure to include the assets of the Social Security system ``would require us to make spending cuts more sweeping than currently contemplated.''  In other words, the House chairman intends that those funds be available to make the transition to a balanced budget easier--to cover the deficit in the rest of the budget with the assets set aside for future Social Security beneficiaries.  It is statements like that, Mr. President, that make me more than a little concerned about the future of Social Security, especially now that the majority has rejected our call for a specific plan to bring our budget into balance.  Having failed to get any specifics about a plan to get us to a balanced budget, we are now asking a much narrower, more focused, and easier question: ``Will you leave Social Security out of the constitutional definition of a balanced budget?''  Mr. President, that is all that Senator Reid's amendment calls for--an honest accounting of one very important program. It calls for an honest accounting of how we will deal with the Social Security system.  Those of us who want an honest accounting will vote for this amendment. I cannot understand why anyone would vote against it.  