 BOXER. I say to my friend they are going to know because of all the publicity we are giving it. I would prefer that we were just saying ``frozen fresh,'' ``previously frozen,'' ``thawed.'' But what they tried to do in this rule, I say to my friend, is accommodate some of the producers in the Eastern States who did not want the word ``frozen'' placed on it, and so they said, OK, if it is between 26 degrees and zero degrees it is hard chilled, and if is zero degrees or colder it is frozen.  I think both of my friends who have spoken in opposition this morning said it is an arbitrary thing. The fact is right now the rules say if you are freezing below zero, you have to say frozen. No one has ever complained about that. Nobody ever said if it is minus 2 degrees, we should say fresh. So there has to be some cutoff point. And the science says it is 26 or 27 degrees and the rule came down at 26.  I would also say to my friend that Delaware has a law on the books that is called ``Misbranding of food: For the purpose of this chapter, food is deemed to be misbranded if is obtained by the dealer in frozen bulk form and is subsequently thawed and offered for sale in a package bearing a label `fresh.'''  So I think that the Senator's State, in looking at the overall issue, not necessarily poultry but the overall issue of fresh versus frozen, is one of the leading States here because there is only about 10 that have come forward with these kinds of laws.  Finally, I say to my friend--and we are in a mutual admiration society and I will not go into that--I do find myself fighting for my State, for the consumers of my State. The poultry industry in my State is split. The chicken people like the agriculture rule and the turkey people oppose it. So I have come down on the side of the consumers, which I believe is what we should really do.  I say to my friend, Citizen Action, Consumer Union, National Consumers League, the Public Voice, and many others believe that fresh is fresh and frozen is frozen, and that is why I feel very strongly we should strike the committee amendment.  The administration thinks it is wrong to derail this rule. Eight years ago we tried to resolve this issue. It has been hanging around for 8 years. We finally had it solved. I am really kind of sad that we might derail it because no matter what my dear friend says to me--and he has been around here a lot longer--I do not believe the committee is going to rush to get a new rule in place. I am putting it in the best terms. I think this is a way to put this rule into deep freeze for a long time, never to see the light of day. That is my own view.  