 President, I would like to speak very briefly to the point.  First of all, I would like to thank both Senators for moving such an important amendment in this hour, and at a time in which I do not think people fully understand how significant this amendment is. Our adversarial system of justice requires that defendants be given evidence to be used against them so that they can prepare a defense. It is kind of a basic element of our entire system. At trial that is what cross-examination is all about, to test the reliability and the basis of information given by a witness. The right to see and confront the evidence against oneself is I think a fundamental premise of the due process clause of the Constitution. Unseen and unheard evidence simply cannot be defended against. How does one defend themselves? The courts have recognized that fact time and again.  The Supreme Court has said that secrecy is not congenial to truth seeking. No better instrument has been devised for arriving at the truth than to give a person in jeopardy every serious notice of the case against him and an opportunity to meet him. That was in the Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Committee versus McGrath, 1951.  The court also said:       Certain principles have remained relatively immutable in      our jurisprudence. One of these is that where the Government      action seriously injures an individual and the reasonableness      of the action depends on factfinding, the evidence used to      prove the Government's case must be disclosed to the      individual so that he has an opportunity to show that it is      untrue.  That was in Green versus McGlory, 1959.  So to sum it up all, the dangers posed by secret evidence are neither hypothetical nor are they imagined. Shortly after World War II an American soldier sought to bring his German bride back to the United States. She was excluded at the border on the grounds that she was a security risk. The Supreme Court concluded secret evidence could be used against her since persons first entering the United States do not have the same right. However, the public outrage forced the Government to give her a hearing. And the supplier of the secret evidence turned out to be a jilted lover and she was admitted.  Secret evidence runs counter to all the principles underlying due process of law and our judicial system, and it cheapens our system by placing in doubt the accuracy of its decision.  So I urge my colleagues to reject the secret evidence and to vote to return this provision to the form in which Senators Dole and Hatch first introduced it.  I urge my colleagues to support the Specter-Simon amendment.  I yield the floor.  