 President, I was taught by a fellow from South Carolina when I first got here 23 years ago that when you won, sit down. I mean, we won in the sense that everyone wins here. Women of America win.  I would like to ask unanimous consent--I will be very brief--that the following Senators be also added as original cosponsors: Senator Inouye, Senator Akaka, Senator Kohl, Senator Leahy, Senator Harkin, and Senator Santorum, the Presiding Officer, from Pennsylvania.  Let me just say in closing, and then I will ask for the yeas and nays at that point, that there are certain facts people should keep in mind. I think of all the facts that affect women in this Nation as a consequence of violence, the thing that surprises me, that surprises most Americans most often are the following:  That family violence is the No. 1 cause of injury to adult women in America--No. 1, No. 1--not breast cancer, not heart attacks, not strokes. The No. 1 cause of injury to women in America is family violence, in almost every instance the fist of a man, supposedly someone who loves them.  The second point that people should keep in mind and why this is so important: Every 18 seconds a woman is beaten by her spouse, boyfriend, or other intimate partner in the United States, making the home the most dangerous place in the world to live for being a women in a democracy. As many as 35 percent of all the women who will visit an emergency room in any of our cities tonight, one-third of all the women who will walk into an emergency room in Washington, DC; Wilmington, DE; Boston, MA; Butte, MT, one-third of them tonight who walk in will be there as a consequence of the fist of a man. They will be there because a man has injured them.  Three million children a year witness family violence in their homes. And as a consequence, the statistics are overwhelming. I will not bore you, but those children significantly have a greater likelihood of dropping out of school, becoming alcohol and drug abusers. They are the highest percentage of suicide attempts, and, most frightening of all, they become abusers--abusers. They become the abusers.  So, for these and 1,000 other reasons we could all speak to, I think this is a very, very important error we are correcting in this bill.  Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.  