 President, I oppose the Exon-Coats second-degree amendment, I oppose it not because I disagree with its mission--which is to keep children out of the redlight districts of the Internet. With that, I wholeheartedly agree. As has become all too clear, the new information superhighway has its gritty roadside attractions: as the Senator from Nebraska has documented, some of the information traveling over the Internet is tasteless, offensive, and downright spine-tingling. I stand with him and the Senator from Indiana in condemning and deploring this stuff--and I agree that we should do something here and now to help keep it out of the hands of our kids.  But I respectfully disagree with them about how we should go about doing that. I believe there is a better, faster, and more effective way to make the information superhighway safe traveling for our children. If the Exon-Coats provision passes, we will have mountains of litigation over its constitutionality, dragging on for years and years--and all the while, our kids will be doing what they do best: finding new and better ways to satisfy their curiosity.  The Exon-Coats amendment would make it a crime to send an indecent communications over the Internet to anyone under 18. Although that certainly sounds good, the problem is this: in the world of the Internet--where communications are sent out to hundreds and sometimes hundreds of thousands of people all at once--a ban on material that might reach a child is tantamount to a complete outright ban.  That's where the constitutional problem comes in. In the case of Sable Communications versus FCC, the Supreme Court held that indecent speech--unlike obscenity--is protected first amendment expression. The Court also ruled that although indecent speech cannot be outlawed, it nevertheless can be restricted to protect children--provided, however, that the restrictions are drawn as narrowly as possible so as not to unduly limit adult access. This is known by lawyers as the least restrictive means requirement. Or put another way by Justice Frankfurter, you can't ``burn the house to roast the pig''--which is exactly what I believe the Exon-Coats provision would do. [[Page S8346]]   So I believe there will be a heated and protracted constitutional challenge to this provision. In fact, with history as our guide, such a challenge is virtually guaranteed: when Congress banned Dial-a-Porn services to minors, it took 10 years--and many different attempts by the FCC to write narrowly tailored regulations, all of which were challenged and fully litigated--for the statute to be upheld as constitutional.  Ten years. Multiple rulemaking proceedings. Four different trips up to the court of appeals. I, for one, just can't wait that long. But more importantly, our children shouldn't have to wait that long. I want to get to work right now--and come up with the best and fastest way to get at this problem.  That is why I support the underlying Leahy amendment. The Leahy amendment will get us going right now. It directs the Departments of Justice and Commerce to quickly come up with technological solutions--ways by which parents can screen out of their computer systems violent, sexually explicit, harassing, offensive, or otherwise unwanted material. The Leahy measure also directs the Departments to evaluate whether current criminal laws are fully enforceable in interactive media, and to assess law enforcement resources currently available to enforce these laws.  The Leahy amendment doesn't stop there: it requires that the Departments also submit a legislative proposal with their study--outlining how best, technologically, to empower parents to protect their kids; how to amend, if necessary, our laws to better crack down on pornographers; how law enforcement resources should be allocated more effectively.  What's more, the Leahy amendment puts that legislation on a fast-track schedule. That means that it would only be a matter of months--not 1 year, 5 years, or 10 years--for us to have taken smart and effective action to get at this problem.  Government censorship, in this instance, is not just a bad idea in the eyes of first amendment scholars and activists. It's also a bad idea when it comes to the eyes and minds of our children. While we might be able to shut down some of the filthy talk on the net, we simply can't do the job right this way--we can't prevent access to sexually explicit information from Finland, Sweden, Japan or other countries, all of which are part of the Internet community.  I also want to say that I--and I'm sure I'm joined by many parents across the country--am also very concerned about violent material on the net. As the Judiciary Committee has learned in some detail, you can learn all about bomb-building and other ways of war and destruction online. The Exon-Coats provision doesn't address violence. The Leahy amendment, with its headlights aimed at technology to screen out violent as well as offensive and sexually explicit material, does.  I believe that a technology-based solution, as advanced in Senator Leahy's amendment, is a better answer--constitutionally and practically. The market, as we speak, is already developing software and hardware to enable parents to block children's access to filth, violence, and other objectionable material. I believe it makes more sense, and will be more effective, to empower users to protect themselves and their children than to attempt a topdown model of governmental regulation.     levin on exon amendment to s. 652, the telecommunications bill  