 President, I rise today to speak to the subject that Senator Pell just addressed. My colleagues are probably tired of my rising and speaking to this subject over the last 3 years. I have been arguing for some time and continue to contend that we need to lift what is, in fact, an illegal as well as immoral arms embargo against the Government of Bosnia-Herzegovina.  Mr. President, observers in the Senate know full well that I am no stranger to this issue. Nearly 3 years ago, on September 30, 1992, I spoke out against the arms embargo on Bosnia after returning from Sarajevo, Tuzla, Belgrade, and various places in Croatia--in short, from having traveled Bosnia, Serbia, and Croatia fairly extensively and observing what was going on. I came back and wrote a report, which I delivered to the President and to the Secretary of State, and spoke on the floor of the Senate and to the Foreign Relations Committee. I recommended a policy that came to be referred to as lift and strike and said that the arms embargo was illegal as well as immoral. After speaking out against the embargo, I introduced the so-called Biden amendment, which was subsequently adopted by the U.S. Senate during the waning months of the Bush Presidency.  The Biden amendment, I would like to remind everyone, is law now. The Biden amendment authorized assistance to Bosnia and Herzegovina through a drawdown of up to $50 million in Defense Department stocks of military weapons and equipment. As I said, it passed. It became law. It gave the President the discretion when to draw down this weaponry.  But we heard then from many people who are now suggesting we should lift the embargo as well as all those who are against it that this weaponry would be of little value to the Bosnian Government and their army, which then as now was made up of Serbs, Croats, and Moslems. Nearly everyone forgets, incidentally, that when hostilities started only perhaps 60 percent of the Serbs in Bosnia, who made up only a portion of the population of Bosnia, were engaged in or supported this vile ethnic cleansing.  To return to the issue of arms, I was told then--incorrectly--that these Bosnian Moslems, Serbs, and Croats who supported the multiethnic Bosnian Government would not be able to use these weapons. Supposedly they had to be trained by Americans and other Westerners. I reminded people then and I remind people now who will raise the same argument that every young Bosnian Moslem, every young Bosnian Croat, every young Bosnian Serb male was conscripted into the Yugoslav Army, trained in the Yugoslav army, and became fully capable of using the weaponry we would send their way.  Mr. President, less than a week after we passed the Biden amendment, on October 5, 1992, I made the following statement.       Surely the greatest single step the U.N. could take to      increase the impact on sanctions on Serbia is to leave the      embargo against Serbia in place while lifting the embargo      against Bosnia and Herzegovina--an embargo that, however well      intentioned--  I might note parenthetically here, I may have been too generous in that remark--     has had the undeniable effect of freezing the people of that      country in a state of utter defenselessness.  That was true on October 5, 1992, and now it is clear to the whole world. Since that time I have spoken regularly here on the floor of the Senate and elsewhere against the arms embargo on Bosnia, which flies in the face of article 51 of the U.N. Charter, an article that gives every member state the right to self-defense.  While we have prevented heavy weapons from reaching the victims of aggression, we have not prevented the shells from heavy weapons in the hands of the Bosnian Serb aggressors from reaching the victims of aggression. The Bosnian Serb aggressors have been lavishly supplied with tanks, artillery, planes, and even troops by Serbian strongman Milosevic.  Mr. President, I mentioned my long record of public opposition to this illegal and totally immoral embargo only to remind my colleagues, first, that the embargo has been strangling an innocent victim for years. This is not new. It is just increasingly more dire.  Second, that the issue has been before this House for just as long, and each time we have opted not to act decisively, preferring to give diplomacy one more chance. If one more of my colleagues, as much as I respect them, comes up to me on the floor, as several of my Democratic and one of my Republican friends recently have, and says privately, ``Joe, why don't we give diplomacy one more chance?'' my answer will be, because I do not want to be a party to a delay that I know is going to result, while we are acting diplomatically, in the corralling of young Bosnian women into rape camps, in the siphoning off of young boys and men into death camps, and in the expulsion of old men and old women from their home areas by the repulsive practice whose grotesque euphemism is ethnic cleansing. Not one single time, not once since September 30, 1992, has any delay resulted in anything other than the death, destruction, humiliation, and genocide of the people of Bosnia.  I bring up this history not in the vein of, ``I told you so,'' but to remind everybody how long this has been going on and to caution my colleagues not to listen to the siren song of inaction one more time. You can convince me once, maybe, not to act; twice; maybe three times, but 7, 8, 9, 10 times? I challenge anyone in this body to give me one shred of evidence that any delay in lifting the embargo has in any way--in any way--enhanced the prospect that fewer women in Bosnia will be raped, that fewer young girls will be raped, that fewer men will be exterminated, and that fewer older people will be expelled from the areas in which their families have lived for centuries. One shred of evidence. I challenge any of my colleagues to come to the floor now or at any time at their convenience and debate that issue with me.  So wait, wait for what?  The third reason I bring up the history on this, is that the President of the United States of America has been and is still authorized to provide $50 million worth of military assistance to Bosnia. This is authorized without any further congressional action required, to be delivered as soon as we take the step of lifting the embargo.  This step has never been more acutely necessary than it is now, Mr. President. Since the Bosnian Serb aggressors brazenly defied the United Nations, in a sense the entire civilized world, by overrunning the U.N. safe area in Srebrenica last week, we have now had the whole world see what I saw and other folks saw firsthand the last time an enclave was overrun, as people were driven into Tuzla as I stood there.  I was meeting with the aid relief workers, and there was a great commotion. Everyone got up out of the makeshift meeting room we were in because great big, old, white dump trucks were coming into Tuzla filled with men and women, holding their young children over their heads and outside the dump truck. There was an air of relief and celebration, and those of us watching thought this holding up their children was part of the celebration. We were, however, to find out as they unloaded this dump truck filled with human beings that the reason they were holding up their children was because other children had been trampled underfoot and smothered to death on the last trip from ethnically cleansed territory into the safe area of Tuzla.  Then the United Nations and the contact group--Russians, French, British, Germans, Americans--said, ``Tell you what we're going to do. Through the United Nations, we're going to lay out certain safe areas,'' which they listed.  I remind everybody what the deal was in the safe areas. The deal was that if the Bosnian Government--primarily Moslems, but also some Croats and Serbs who supported the Government--if they would give up what few weapons they had left in Gorazde and Zepa and Tuzla and Srebrenica, then we, the United Nations, speaking for the world, would guarantee that we would keep the Huns away from the door. We would guarantee that the ethnic cleansing would stop, and we would negotiate.  So then they gave up their weapons and, as John McCain and I mentioned last week on the floor, all one had to do was hold up any newspaper in America and see--and I am not being critical of the troops that are there personally--blue-helmeted and blue-bereted soldiers sitting on armored personnel carriers, sitting on tanks and sitting in trucks, watching as the Bosnian Serbs went in and, before their very eyes, cleansed, in the same way that the Nazis cleansed when they dropped off folks at the Auschwitz train station in cattle cars. They found an interesting thing as they observed this vile ethnic cleansing. All the young women and all the young girls were sent off in one direction. The men who were fighting were not seen anywhere. The old folks were loaded into trucks with the very young children. And armed military personnel sat there, representing the world--they sat there while the Bosnian Serbs, before the very eyes of all the world, culled out these folks as if they were cattle. Then, we were told that if we lifted the arms embargo, do you know what was going to happen? The Bosnian Serbs might really get mad and overrun the safe areas.  Mr. President, being as calm as I can about this, let me remind everyone that safe areas have already been overrun. I plead with some of my colleagues not to come to the floor and tell me what you have been telling me for 2 years--that if we lift the embargo, the Bosnian Serbs will overrun the safe areas. They have already done it in Srebrenica, and they are going to do it very soon in Zepa; they are in the process of overrunning it right now. I spoke with the Bosnian Foreign Minister, and indirectly through him to the Prime Minister, only 2 hours ago. The world has a perverse notion of how to deal with this. The Bosnian Government forces have taken into their protective custody the U.N. protectors of Zepa because of what is going to happen if they do not. If they do not, the Serbs will take the U.N. troops and threaten to kill them. Unless the people in Zepa throw down what few arms they have been able to find, unless they get into trucks, go to rape camps and go to death camps, the Bosnian Serbs are going to kill some of those U.N. blue helmet peacekeepers.  But how is this being portrayed by the Mr. Akashi of the United Nations? He says that the Bosnian Government is no different from the Bosnian Serbs; they are both holding hostage blue-helmeted U.N. peacekeepers. What the Bosnian Government forces know, however, is that if they do not prevent those blue-helmeted peacekeepers from coming under the control of the Bosnian Serbs, they are dead. Mr. Akashi's fallacious moral equivalency is just another example of the twisted logic, the overwhelming rationalization the United Nations and others will undertake to avoid facing the truth of international inaction.  Genocide. Genocide. Genocide. That is what this is about. Many of these brutalized Moslems, as we have been reading in the paper, as a consequence of having been raped or otherwise tortured, have committed suicide. When is the last time we read about that in this century? It is not Joe Biden's judgment. World news organizations are reporting this now.  These war crimes and crimes against humanity are no longer deeds known only by the specialists. They are there for all the world to see. These unspeakable deeds would be horrific enough if the government of those unfortunate people, the Bosnian Government, had been unwilling to defend them.  But, Mr. President, the story is far worse than that.  The Government of Bosnia has shown for more than 3 years that its young Moslems, young Croats, and young Serbs, are willing to fight against a foe with vastly superior weaponry, and to die defending their homes, their wives, their mothers, and their sisters. And what have we done? We have forbidden them to get the arms necessary to defend themselves. Instead, we have opted for the cruel deception of alleging that the U.N. Protection Force would defend them.  Well, that has been laid to rest, Mr. President, as an outright fabrication.  Mr. President, after the last few days, even the most naive American cannot hear those words--and I repeat--the U.N. Protection Force--without being sickened by its Orwellian name.  Mr. President, we have to put an end to this madness. We have temporized for far too long. The so-called U.N. Protection Force has abdicated its responsibility to the people it had pledged to defend, and the contact group's diplomacy is at a dead end.  I might add that former Secretary of State, Henry Kissinger, is right that this U.N. Protection Force is not to blame; it has been the excuse. Many of those folks in the protection force are brave and decent and, from my personally meeting with them on two occasions in Bosnia--last year in June, and in September 1992--I know that they are repulsed by this, as well. But, Mr. President, their mandate is not to get involved. For that, I blame the West--not the United Nations, but the West.  Mr. President, the least the United States can do is to allow the victims of oppression to defend themselves. We must lift this illegal, immoral arms embargo now. As an original cosponsor of the Dole-Lieberman legislation, and of previous legislation, I strongly urge my colleagues to support S. 21.  Mr. President, I might add that in order to get more votes --and I do not say that critically--Senators Dole and Lieberman have apparently already decided to amend the legislation to allow the President the right to postpone lifting the embargo for 30 days at a crack if he believes that the safe and secure completion of the U.N. personnel would otherwise be endangered. I understand the intention of this waiver. But I respectfully suggest, Mr. President, that this waiver will only invite the rabid minority of Bosnian Serbs led by Karadzic and General Mladic and his genocidal troops to go after the U.N. forces as they withdraw, or American forces if they are moved in to help them withdraw.  In conclusion, Mr. President, I say that we have made a botch of our policy in the former Yugoslavia in two successive administrations. President Bush started this awful policy off. He handed it off to President Clinton, and, unfortunately, in my view, this administration has not reacted because of the need to find NATO unity. But there is no unity on this, Mr. President. We should get on the right side of history. We should get on the side that makes the most sense. We should get on the side of morality.  I might add, Mr. President, that there is no need for any American forces in order to lift the embargo. The Moslems have a right to be able to defend themselves. I will end with a quote from the Prime Minister of Bosnia, who, 2 years ago, was Foreign Minister. I have said this to my colleagues before, but I want to remind them, and maybe even awaken their consciences a little bit.  I held a meeting in my conference room and invited about a dozen Senators of both parties. The then Foreign Minister, now Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic--all of you have met him by now, I suspect--was there. When I made the case for lifting the arms embargo and using air power to protect peacekeepers and others while they moved, one of my colleagues said, ``I do not want to do that because more death will result. If the U.N. force leaves, more of your people will die.''  This Senator was very sincere, because that was the wisdom of the moment. Silajdzic looked at this Senator, for whom I have a great deal of respect, and said, ``Senator, please, do me a favor. Allow me the dignity to choose how I will die. Senator, all the UNPROFOR does for us now is to fatten up my wife, my children, my countrymen, and me to be killed incrementally over the winter and the next spring and the summer. I would rather not have the food and have a weapon. Let me choose how I am going to die. For certain, I will die.''  Mr. President, that was not a comment of a man engaging in hyperbole. It is a man who puts his life on the line every day. His predecessor said the same thing.  Please, when this legislation comes up, please, we should get on the right side of history and morality and lift the arms embargo that is putting the Bosnian Government in a position where they cannot defend themselves. I yield the floor.  