 President, I rise in support of the Nunn-Warner-Levin-Cohen amendment. I commend my colleagues for their tireless efforts in developing a compromise on this issue which moves us away from some of the most dangerous steps called for in the committee version of the Missile Defense Act of 1995.  I still have serious reservations about the compromise language, particularly the effect it may have on Russian ratification of the START II Treaty. I also question whether the greatest threat of a nuclear detonation in the United States comes from ballistic missiles.  However, given the likelihood that the Defense authorization bill will pass, I will support the amendment before us as a way to remove some of the more egregiously misguided provisions in the current bill language on missile defense.  I would like to discuss briefly some of the areas where I see improvement and to point out candidly those provisions in the amendment which I regard as still being problematic.  The amendment clearly makes significant improvements over the current language. It moves us away from the certainty of deploying a national missile defense system by 2003. It narrows the focus of missile defense efforts from all ballistic missile threats to accidental, unauthorized, or limited missile attacks. It guarantees a decisive role for the Congress before deployment can occur. It removes restrictions on the President's ability to negotiate with Russia an appropriate demarcation standard between strategic and theater ballistic missile defenses. And it includes the requirement that missile defenses be affordable and operationally effective.  These are no small achievements. They represent significant substantive improvements over the current language.  There are still several areas of weakness, however.  As I said earlier, I am particularly concerned about the effect this amendment may have on the START process. While the authors of this amendment have done their best to move us away from a collision course with the ABM Treaty, and many of us believe that they have, that may not be a view shared in Moscow by the Russian Duma.  I am not sure they will understand the fine distinction between ``develop for deployment'' and ``deploy.'' I am not sure they will understand what we mean when we say that we will proceed in a manner which is consistent with the ABM Treaty, and then say that we are anticipating the need and providing the means to means the treaty. And I think they will be alarmed by references that are made to withdrawing from the treaty.  I am concerned about the consequences if the Russians believe that we are not acting in good faith, but are intent on abrogating the ABM Treaty. As I said on this floor a month ago, the most likely consequence of our breaching the ABM Treaty would be a Russian refusal to ratify START II.  Why? Because the cheapest way to defeat a missile defense system is to overwhelm it. So, if the Russians feel threatened by our development of a national missile defense system, they are likely not only to scratch the START II Treaty, but to begin a strategic buildup. We will counter with our own buildup and efforts to improve missile defenses, and before you know it we will be in a costly arms race, which the ABM Treaty was designed to prevent.  A costly new arms race is not what Americans expected with the end of the cold war. But that is exactly what they will get if we are not careful to avoid damaging the ABM Treaty, which has been the basis for all strategic arms control agreements over the past two decades. I might add that these agreements were made without the United States deploying a strategic missile defense system.  A second fundamental concern I have is whether we are correct to focus our resources on defending against nuclear warheads delivered by ballistic missiles. Even the kind of limited program the authors of this amendment are talking about would cost tens of billions of dollars to eventually deploy.  The threat of ballistic missile attack from rogue states or terrorists groups is at best a questionable one, and is not likely to arise in the next decade, if ever.  The more likely means of delivery of a nuclear explosive device to our shores, as I have said on this floor repeatedly, would be an innocuous ship making a regular port call in the United States. A determined group could assemble a device in the basement of a landmark such as the World Trade Tower with catastrophic results. Terrorist groups or outlaw states would not need a ballistic missile to reach our territory.  And that is where we should be focusing our resources: On tracking these terrorist groups and rogue states and securing the many tons of fissile material now spread throughout the vast territory of Russia.  In conclusion, let me again thank Senators Nunn, Levin, Cohen, and Warner for their efforts on this vital issue. They have greatly improved upon a piece of legislation, which unamended would have seriously threatened our national security.  Unfortunately, despite these improvements, I believe that the potential is still there to undermine the ABM Treaty and our security in the process. However, the choice between the two alternatives--the missile defense language in the bill versus the amendment before us--is really not a choice. I will support the amendment to avoid the more damaging consequences of the current bill language.   