 President, I will necessarily make this quick. I am fascinated by these arguments, particularly the last two arguments I have heard.  The fundamental question here is: Do we want to, in fact, deal with Federal mandates which should be local decisions or paid for by the Federal Government, or do we want to set in motion more gridlock? If we want to do the former and not the latter, we should vote for this amendment, No. 1.  No. 2, my friend from Washington is engaging in what I think is part of the litany that we have been hearing. Why do we in Washington think we know so much, and why, in fact, do we not have more personal humility?  If he means it, why are there exceptions in it? Why are there any exceptions? If he means what he says, why is there an exception here for civil rights? I will tell you why. We got in the business of being involved federally because States acted irresponsibly on occasion.  So if my friend from Wyoming has such humility, let him come and offer an amendment to strike out all the exceptions. Why are we keeping in here ``constitutional rights of individuals''? They are not mandates. ``Discrimination on the basis of race, religion, gender, national origin, handicap or disability status.'' Why is that not a mandate? It costs the States money to do those things. Why is that not a mandate?  So this unusual argument about whether or not we have humility or do not have humility, or Washington knows all or does not know all, that is a nice campaign rhetoric. What it is about is, why do we not stop telling the States to do things which are not essential unless we pay for them? Why do we not do it in a simplistic, straightforward way that does not allow a minority to tie up this body in gridlock for greater political purposes having nothing to do with looking out for the interest of the States? If we want to do that, we have a bill that was introduced last year that the manager of this bill was a cosponsor of last year, that does not create that complex chart that allows any one or two or several U.S. Senator or Parliamentarians to get involved in gumming up the works and creating gridlock.  Mr. President, like many of my colleagues, I was a local official before coming to the Senate. I know what it means to have to comply with legal duties imposed from a higher government. As a former county council member, I understand, and am sympathetic to, many of the complaints and concerns we have heard from State and local officials who must respond to Federal mandates.  The bill before us today, S. 1, is not the legislation that we worked on so long and hard last year to address the issue of Federal mandates. That bill, S. 993, is being offered now as an amendment by Senator Levin; it will focus the Senate's attention on the costs involved in setting new requirements to be met by States and local governments. It will raise our awareness of the financial price that must be paid to meet our goals, and permits us to determine how that price will be paid.  Senator Levin's amendment changes the way we handle mandate legislation in this body, but it makes those changes subject to a sunset, in 1998, when the new process would end unless we choose to extent it. It will be an experiment--I believe a worthy experiment--to be sure that our attention is directed to all the consequences of new legislation.  Last year S. 993 had the enthusiastic support of a broad bipartisan coalition. Senator Kempthorne, the acknowledged leader on this issue, was the original author of that proposal.  But I am afraid, Mr. President, that S. 1 could prove to be a recipe for confusion, frustration, and more political gridlock in the legislative process. It was rushed through committee, with no debate and no amendments. Indeed, it came from committee without a report explaining how it would work.  This should not be how we legislate.  The public debate about unfunded mandates over the past few years has been a healthy one, and has succeeded in bringing to the forefront the continual need to examine the costs associated with Federal requirements and, indeed, the appropriate role of the Federal Government. There are limits to what the Federal Government should do and should require.  We need to approach our many real public policy problems with common sense, to give greater flexibility to those who implement our laws, to be more goal-oriented and less process-oriented, and to reign in bureaucrats that get carried away with their charge.  As one example, I spent quite a bit of time last year, along with the Governor of Delaware, trying to demonstrate to the EPA that our State could meet new clean air standards without making all our citizens run their cars through an expensive treadmill test that yielded little pollution reduction. EPA got the message; the treadmill test is out.  We will pass an unfunded mandates bill this afternoon. If I had my first choice, it would be the substitute before us now. It had the full support of State and local government leaders last year, and is free of the hastily drafted, last-minute additions of this year's version.  [[Page S1661]] But whichever version we vote for here today, we will assure that decisions that materially affect State and local governments are made from now on with a clearer view of their costs as well as their benefits.  Mr. President, if I have any time left--I may not--if I have any time left, let me say that this is about making local decisions that deserve to be local decisions at a local level. And if we impose more on local organizations, then what they have a right to ask for we should pay for.  But let me close by saying, I live in a city, in a State that has the highest cancer rate in the Nation. We, coincidentally, are on the border of southeastern Pennsylvania which has more oil refineries per square inch than any place in the Nation, including Houston, TX, and the prevailing winds are south.  If we did not have the Federal Government setting out a Clean Air Act, the idea that the people of Pennsylvania would vote to expend the money to clean up the air, the ambient air quality in Marcus Hook, PA, to save the lives in Delaware is zero. That is why we have national legislation.  