 President, that is why I rose to speak to this to divert slightly from the amendment process. I am not being so solicitous. I know of the Senator's interest, knowledge, and genuine concern about this. One thing that he did not mention that he has in the past, but I think it is worth noting here, is this information also has the ancillary benefit of saving police officers' lives. The Presiding Officer knows that in his State of Pennsylvania he has had a rough year already with loss of police officers' lives. It has not been a good year. The start has not been a good one.  It is very, very, very practical information when that trooper pulls up behind an automobile. If he has the system and equipment in his automobile and the database is real, he literally can, before he gets out of the car, punch in and find out if that automobile is not only stolen but where and when and how.  He also has the capability, if we give him the capability and if the States step up to the ball, of using this portable, automatic fingerprinting operation where they can literally have a driver come up into their automobile--what the average citizen would think is a portable fingerprinting machine--to actually have that person get out of the car, walk up, stick their thumb or forefinger in this machine in the automobile, and instantly get a readout as to whether or not the license that they are carrying comports with their identity. [[Page S7724]]   This not only makes a lot of sense in terms of tracking and using it as a device to solve crimes, but it also has the immediate benefit of literally saving lives of police officers. As a former prosecutor, the Senator from Ohio knows this. In my discussion with police--and, as you know, the head of the FOP and a number of leading members of the FOP are from the home State of the Senator from Ohio--they know of his work and his interest in this area.  So I compliment him on his initiative and thank him for his willingness to speak with me about the formula. With that, unless the Senator from Ohio wishes to say anything else, I see the distinguished Senator from California is on her feet and is ready to go with her amendment, I think, or is she?  