 President, last week I announced my decision to support the balanced budget amendment.  I rise today to explain my choice.  Considering amendments to our Constitution is one of the Senate's most profound responsibilities. Our Nation has made only 17 such changes since the Bill of Rights was ratified over 200 years ago.  But in recent decades a structural imbalance has occurred in the way the Federal Government finances its operations. Each year, we find ourselves deeper and deeper in debt, with no reasonable prospect for constraining either the deficit or the debt.  We cannot balance our budget. Or, more precisely, we will not.  As I considered the balanced budget amendment as a possible solution to this problem, I had to first answer an important question--Is this an issue worthy of constitutional consideration?  From the point over 10 years ago when I offered my own constitutional amendment to balance the Federal budget, up to my vote for Senator Reid's balanced budget amendment last year, I have held that this is an issue worthy of constitutional consideration.  The decision to encumber future generations with financial obligations is one that can rightly be considered among the fundamental choices addressed in the Constitution.  If this issue meets the test of constitutional significance, Mr. President, then is House Joint Resolution 1 the way to address it?  Mr. President, many of my colleagues, whose very valid concerns I have shared, have honored this Chamber with an eloquent presentation of the problems this particular amendment could cause.  I will respond to some of those arguments later.  But none of their arguments has overcome my concern for the future of our Nation's economy--for the country we will pass on to our children.  After so many years of seeking alternative solutions, I can see no other reasonable prospect for sharply curtailing the debt than the adoption of this amendment into our Constitution.  Mr. President, it is one thing to have deficits of $20 to $40 billion per year, which we could live with for the foreseeable future. But it is quite another thing to have deficits of $200 to $400 billion. And just 6 years from now, Mr. President, $400 billion is just what our deficit will be, not counting the surplus in the Social Security trust fund.  Under these extraordinary circumstances, it seems reasonable to me to require an extraordinary majority of Congress to continue deficit spending.  Even if this amendment passes and is ratified by the States, I know that we will continue to have some deficits. It is the potential size of deficits that bothers me; there is nothing sacred about a balanced budget.  But if we do decide to add to our national debt, it should be for important reasons, such as managing recessions or natural disasters--or securing the future well-being of our children--for reasons that can command the support of three-fifths of both Houses.  Over a decade ago, Mr. President, we strayed from the course that had, since the end of World War II, shrunk the national debt as a share of our economy. Since the early 1980's, we have foolishly, and significantly, increased our national debt year after year.  In 1980, Federal debt held by the public totalled $710 billion, and the interest we paid on the debt was $52 billion. This year, that debt has reached $3.6 trillion, and our interest payments will be $234 billion.  Recognizing the folly of this course, in 1984 I proposed a freeze on every program of the Federal Government--across the board. Although I wrote the plan with two Republican Senators, we received little support for the proposal, from either side of the aisle.  By the way, I am convinced, Mr. President, that had we acted then, the harm to many of the programs that I hold dear, responsibilities that moved me to enter public life, would have been softened.  As it is, without the freeze--that we were warned would harm so-called liberal programs--I have had to watch as those programs have gone through the wringer.  In 1981, when we lost control of the deficit, human services programs were 8.6 percent of Federal outlays. A decade later, they were 6.9 percent, a 20-percent reduction in their share of spending.  In 1981, education, training, employment and social services were 3.7 percent of Federal outlays. Over the next decade, as deficits and interest payments grew, they shrank to 2.3 percent, a 40-percent cut in their share of Federal spending.  After failing to pass the freeze, in the hope of restoring some discipline to our finances and reducing the deficit, I supported the Gramm-Rudman process, that put caps on the amount of deficit allowed, and required a balanced budget.  But the requirements changed every year; the only constant in the process was the annual increase in the national debt, and the guarantee of annual deficits.  And in 1993, we passed an historic budget agreement at the beginning of the Clinton administration, that will cut $500 billion from our deficits over 5 years. The healthy economy that followed passage of that plan has meant even more deficit savings.  If I thought that we could sustain this trend, Mr. President, I would withhold my support for this amendment.  But, what was the political response to that serious deficit reduction plan? It was denounced by those who now claim they want to attack the deficit.  That plan was passed by a single vote in both Houses, without one Republican vote. Moreover, that plan has been used by so-called deficit hawks to defeat the very Members of Congress who had the courage to vote for it.  And now we see again a plan by the new majority for tax cuts, defense increases--including star wars--and, of course, the promise of a balanced budget.  Mr. President, I've read this story before. We are all living out the consequences of the first time we tried that program.  It is clear now that there are no options left before us to turn the short-term success of the 1993 budget plan into a longer-term program to bring down future deficits.  And there are no other options to force those who voted against deficit reduction back then to face the consequences--requiring them to look at everything including revenues rather than continue the charade that the only thing we need to do to balance the budget is to cut foreign aid and AFDC.  Because they--and we--have been so successful in misleading the American people about the problem, those aspects of the Government's responsibilities that I entered public life to support have already been badly harmed as a consequence of these gigantic deficits: children, education, fighting crime and drugs, supporting organizations that promote international stability.  And those areas of the budget that need help the least--tax loopholes for the privileged, exotic weapons systems, people who aren't middle class or poor but who make money off of their programs--those have done the best.  I offer as evidence the recent votes in the House. Now, without the balanced budget amendment, our fiscal disarray is the pretext for cuts in school [[Page S3334]] lunches, infant nutrition, the successful and effective Head Start Program, and educational programs that our future depends on. Do my friends who share my values--who share my indignation at this disregard for those least able to help themselves, this short-sighted slighting of the future--do they really believe that if we were to vote down the balanced budget amendment that those legislative priorities would change?  I am convinced--reluctantly--that unless we use this opportunity to try to restore control over our finances, we will not be able to re-establish our priorities.  Our fight is not--or should not be--against making deficit spending a more difficult choice.  Our fight, with or without a balanced budget amendment, is against those who would walk away from Government's responsibilities and who will sacrifice the future for short-term political advantage.  Despite the shrinkage in those programs in recent years, we still face a future of increasing national debt, and rising annual deficits, and those programs and responsibilities I feel most strongly about will continue to take the hits.  This year alone, we will pay $234 billion in interest on the debt. By 1997, interest will be $270 billion--more than either our defense or domestic spending.  If this trend is unsustainable--and it is--and if the hard choices we make are turned against us--and they are--What, then can we do?  I have concluded, Mr. President, that there is nothing left to try except the balanced budget amendment, forcing everything onto the table, and requiring us to justify why some areas have escaped the budget ax so far.  But what of the many arguments against this amendment--concerns that I have shared in the past. Let me explain my thoughts on some of those concerns today.  Mr. President, one of the strongest practical arguments raised against the balanced budget amendment is that it will cost us our ability to respond to recessions.  There are two points that I want to make in regard to that serious charge. First, the sad fact is that we have already lost that flexibility--by making deficits the norm in good times and in recessions. Until we regain control of our finances, deficits will remain an unintended consequence of our budget process, not a selective policy choice.  Second, Mr. President, even under the constraints of this amendment, it is possible to provide that flexibility. In Delaware, we have built a two percent surplus into each year's budget, to assure that we can cover unforeseen events that could raise spending or reduce revenues.  We could do that with the Federal budget, and restore its important stabilizing role, a role that is now lost in the annual red ink. This is not something that appears to be a realistic option in the near term, but if that is the only way to restore the effect of automatic stabilizers in the Federal budget, we will be able to choose that option.  This amendment will make automatic stabilization more difficult, but it will remain our choice to restore that function of the Federal budget to its former effectiveness.  There are other concerns that I share with my colleagues who oppose this amendment.  Together, we tried to make this a better proposal. I believe that this amendment could be improved by changes I have supported here on the floor and in the Judiciary Committee.  We tried to keep the Social Security trust fund off budget, where it is now, and where it should stay. We failed to pass that amendment, and this will allow us to continue to mask the current deficit with funds that are needed to meet future obligations.  I believe that this failure takes us further from the truth about our real deficit problems, and further from the truth about the very real problems in the Social Security system itself.  But let me stress for those who are concerned about the effect of this amendment on the Social Security system--this change in our Constitution does not, by itself, cut a dime from current benefits.  Under current rules, Social Security is now off budget, but by law its surpluses still go to purchase the accumulating pile Treasury bonds that we will have to pay off in the future.  Taking Social Security out of the balanced budget amendment would not change that aspect of the system, or prevent tampering with the commitments we have made in the past.  My concern, in addition to the ways in which that accumulating surplus will distort our definition of the budget, is that this amendment will increase the temptation to use the Social Security system to make the rest of the budget appear more balanced.  This is a valid reason to try to insulate Social Security from that temptation--but not reason to renounce what I have concluded is our last chance to restore control over our country's financial future.  We also tried, Mr. President, to assure that the real costs of a balanced budget amendment, and not just its surface allure, are apparent to the citizens who will be asked to ratify it in the coming months.  And we tried to provide a capital budget--to treat public investments the way families, businesses, and States treat their investments. And we failed.  But I want the record to show that we are not prohibited by this amendment from devising a capital budget. I predict that events and experience will show us that a capital budget is essential to setting priorities, and that we will find a way to fit such a process into our budget system.  We tried to avoid a potential shift in the constitutional balance of powers by ensuring that only the Congress would enforce a balanced budget, Mr. President, and we tried to avoid tying up the courts with constitutional questions about the President's role in enforcing a balanced budget.  Mr. President, I believe that these constitutional issues remain the greatest risk we will take when we add this amendment to our Constitution.  Now, with the acceptance of Senator Nunn's amendment, Mr. President, some of my concern on that issue has been relieved.  So where do we stand?  We can vote for this less than perfect amendment, that requires 60 percent majorities to permit deficits--and I predict that we will choose to permit those deficits, but smaller deficits, and less frequently, than before.  Or, Mr. President, we can continue to add every year to the debt burden of future generations.  We will steal today from the next generation, squeezing out the savings and investment that could increase future wealth.  We will continue to tie our own hands, to restrict our own ability--indeed, our responsibility--to set priorities in our annual budget process.  This year, interest on the national debt will cost the United States $234 billion; the entire domestic discretionary budget will be $253 billion.  By the time this amendment is intended to become law, in the year 2002, interest on the debt will be $344 billion, larger than every other category in the budget except for Social Security.  Given that prospect, Mr. President, I choose to take a chance on the balanced budget amendment.  I hope that reverence for the Constitution and the procedural roadblocks in the amendment will establish an ethic of budget balance and a new, responsible, tradition will grow from the action we take here today.  But only history will tell.  But I have sufficient confidence in our citizens and in our political institutions that we will learn from any flaws that remain in this amendment, and will make the best of its virtues.  Two hundred years of American history tells me it is right to have that confidence.  But at the end of the day, Mr. President, I am willing to take the first step today down this new path. I will vote for the balanced budget amendment, but I will do so with my eyes open.  It is not the panacea some of its proponents have advertised, but neither is it the plague its opponents have portrayed.  For me, it as a reluctantly chosen opportunity to regain responsible control over our affairs.  And I hope that the record of my words and actions on this amendment will help my fellow citizens, both in my [[Page S3335]] State of Delaware and in the other States, as they consider its ratification.  I hope that they consider fully the record of debate we have worked to establish here in the Congress. That record should make us all, on both sides of this profound issue, proud.  