  Mr. President, I will be necessarily brief.  There is very little the Federal Government can do about moral values. That is something that is shaped by families and communities and churches. One of the things we can do is the Government can help teach young people that they owe something to their country and to each other and that membership in the community conveys both rights and responsibilities.  The Senator from Georgia is on the floor. He had a national service piece of legislation which I and several others supported over the years. The notion that we are going to instill in our children that they have an obligation to their community and to their country--my own experience, we focus, I believe, too much on just what the benefit to the recipients of this service is.  I suggest one of the greatest benefits of AmeriCorps is what it teaches those who participate in AmeriCorps. My son was in the Jesuit Volunteer Corps. No relationship, no remuneration, but he spent a year in a community service project in a homeless shelter out in Portland, OR. I know he benefited more from that experience, quite frankly, than almost anybody he helped benefit.  That is one of the payoffs of this program. One of the payoffs is a generation of young people who, in fact, are instilled with a sense of obligation and responsibility to the community.  I heard my friend from Arizona stand up and talk about this as if it were need-based. There is nothing need-based about the military; the Peace Corps is not need-based. The point is to pass on these values to children or young people of all economic strata.  We need broad-based support from the next generation in terms of what their responsibility to the communities is. I think that is the most overlooked aspect of this program.  I also add, Mr. President, that I hear some of my friends--not the chairman of the subcommittee, but some of my friends on the floor--talking about the need for other programs. I notice they also cut those programs. I find it somewhat interesting the talk about this could pay for x amount of Pell grants or y amount of this. I notice from their records they do not vote for the Pell grants, they do not vote for the other things.  I find it somewhat interesting that they use as a straw man--I am not speaking about the Senator from Missouri but others who have spoken and talked about this off the floor--they use as a straw man the idea if we just were not spending the money on AmeriCorps, we would be spending it on other worthwhile programs that I note they also vote against and voted to cut.  Mr. President, I must admit that I find this debate--and the opposition to AmeriCorps--somewhat fascinating.  We have been hearing for about a year now--including the last few weeks during debate on the welfare reform bill--that we need to return power to States and local communities. That the Federal bureaucracy needs to get out of the way of local solutions to problems, that we need to make better use of nonprofit community organizations and church groups in addressing the problems this country faces. And that individuals helping each other, not the paternalism of big government, is the ultimate answer to our problems.  Fine and good, Mr. President. And, to an extent, I agree. But, that is exactly what AmeriCorps does.  AmeriCorps says to States and communities, you decide how to meet the needs of your people how to solve the problems you face. AmeriCorps says, private, nonprofit organizations should be the main focus of the program. And, AmeriCorps teaches young people about responsibility, opportunity, and citizenship.  The fact is, President Clinton's national service program is probably the most Republican program ever enacted by a Democratic President.  It is not the Federal bureaucracy trying to solve problems, it is State, local, and private organizations working together to solve problems.  It is not solutions conceived inside the Washington Beltway. It is solutions conceived where the problems are, at the local level.  It is not government taking over the role of charities. It is, as almost all local charities will tell you, a way to make volunteer efforts more useful and effective.  All the Federal Government does is to provide some money and some dedicated young people to help.  Let me tell you about some of those people from my State of Delaware--both those who help and those who are helped.  Tammy is a single parent who used to be on welfare. Today, Tammy is an AmeriCorps member who helps teenage mothers do what she did--move from welfare to work. Tammy says, ``AmeriCorps gave me my voice back.''  Dora is another woman supporting her two children. After leaving the military, she took a job waiting tables. But, this past year, she spent working for AmeriCorps, helping elderly public house residents get preventive health care.  Dora will be using her tuition voucher to go back to school, something she admits she never would have done without AmeriCorps. As she put it, ``AmeriCorps gave me direction.''  Jeff was a Maryland AmeriCorps member, but he did his service by tutoring at-risk elementary school children in the Colonial School District in Delaware. For many of the boys, Jeff was their only male role model.  And, the boys could hardly wait for Jeff to show up each day. After just 1 week, one of the teachers said, ``There's already been a difference.'' Many teachers are now begging the principal to have an AmeriCorps member in their classroom.  And, finally, let me tell you about Camille, who is a homeless teenage mother who dropped out of high school. She met an AmeriCorps member named Chan. And, Chan gave her hope.  Chan got Camille to sign up for an adult education program. He supported her and tutored her. And, Camille will soon graduate from the adult education program and receive her GED.  Mr. President, there is very little the Federal Government can do about moral values. That is something that is shaped by families and churches and communities.  But, what each of the examples I just gave proves is that the Federal Government can do at least a little bit about this country's values. The Federal Government can help teach young people that they owe something to their country and to each other, that membership conveys both rights and responsibilities.  And, what these examples also show is something I have long believed about community service--and I saw it with my own son after he served a year with the Jesuit Volunteer Corps. Those who benefit from community service are not just those who are helped, but also those who do the helping.  AmeriCorps helps instill the values of responsibility and citizenship. It makes a difference in lives of thousands of Americans and makes our problems just a little bit smaller.  There are children who will walk through their neighborhoods today safer because of the AmeriCorps members who are helping the police in community policing.  There are neighborhoods tonight that are safer because AmeriCorps members closed down the crack houses.  There are children in school today because an AmeriCorps tutor gave them hope and they did not drop out of school.  There are families who have homes today because of houses built by AmeriCorps members.  There are senior citizens in nursing homes whose days are just a little bit brighter because of the work of an AmeriCorps member.  Mr. President, AmeriCorps is not the solution to all of our problems. And, it is not the entire answer. But, I dare say, it is making a difference. And, it would be truly regrettable if AmeriCorps was eliminated after just 1 year.  