 President, I rise to speak in favor of the amendment offered by the Senator from North Dakota. We are fast approaching the culmination of this session--the culmination of a year of significant debate on the course of the Federal budget.  This amendment goes to the heart of that debate--how should we bring the budget into balance, and how should the burdens of that process be shared among the people of this country?  As one who voted for a balanced budget amendment, and as a cosponsor of a balanced budget plan, I share the conviction that deficit reduction should be among the top priorities of this Congress. But we should not let the urgency of that task blind us to our fundamental principles, or to the other, equally important responsibilities we face.  As I have explained here before, Mr. President, balancing the budget is essential, not as an end in itself, but a means of restoring healthier growth to our economy, and as a means of promoting the basic principles that first led me to the Senate.  I won't revisit here the clear and convincing reasons for fundamental change in our Federal budget. But while I am encouraged by the powerful consensus behind balancing the budget, Mr. President, I am concerned about the shortsighted priorities and the lack of fundamental fairness that characterize the budget plan that is now taking shape in this Congress. We will debate that budget plan on the floor of the Senate this week.  The amendment of the distinguished Senator from North Dakota represents what should be simply common sense. But unfortunately, Mr. President, common sense seems to be in short supply these days.  The amendment says simply that we should limit any tax cuts to families with incomes under $250,000, and use the savings to reduce the cuts that are planned for Medicare.  I believe that there is a real need for tax relief--in a perfect world, perhaps we could spread tax cuts around a little more. But there can be no argument that families with middle incomes have seen their paychecks stuck for years--with no reward from the substantial gains in productivity that our national economy has made.  Those working families spend more of their waking hours running faster just to stay in place. Mothers and fathers strain for a few minutes with their kids, with each other--never mind a moment for themselves. Because their wages haven't gone up, they have to spend more hours working every day just to keep up with growing expenses.  Chief among the costs that are growing faster than the average family's income are health care and education. For most middle Americans, Mr. President, those are not luxuries to be deferred or cut back--they are costs that must be met by cuts in family time, in savings, in things that we used to consider essential and that increasingly are beyond reach.  So we should do what we can to cut the costs of health care and education for Americans. Incredibly, the budget that is shaping up now does exactly the opposite. In their search for the funds to give tax cuts to people with incomes over $250,000, the Republican majority is increasing the costs of health care and education for the average American family.  And, by itself, the tax bill just reported by the Finance Committee would actually increase the tax burden on the majority of Americans, Mr. President, those with incomes of $30,000 or less. Can't we at least put a cap on the unfairness in that plan?  And, as the Republicans' own Congressional Budget Office has certified, Mr. President, their plan does not balance the budget. It continues to borrow from the Social Security surplus in the year 2002 to cover up a glaring $98 billion deficit.  This is unconscionable, Mr. President, and it is unnecessary. We can reach the goal of a balanced budget, provide tax relief for the middle class, and restore some of the excessive cuts in Medicare that are part of the Republican budget plan.  With Senator Bradley, I cosponsored earlier this year a budget plan that would have permitted up to $100 billion in tax relief for the middle class, including help with higher education expenses. That plan would have balanced the budget by 2002, without borrowing against the future obligations of the Social Security system. I also supported Senator Conrad's plan, that would have balanced the budget without raiding the Social Security system.  We apparently cannot pass a budget this year that will not continue the charade of using Social Security surpluses--needed to meet its future legal and moral obligations--to cover up annual deficits in our operating budget.  But, by supporting the amendment now before us, we can still restore some fairness to tax relief, and we can reduce some of the damage that will be caused by the exorbitant increases in Medicare costs in the Republican plan.  This amendment simply expresses the sense of the Senate--a statement of our priorities--that we should limit any tax cuts to those who really need it, and that we should use those savings to reduce the hit on Medicare that the Republicans have planned--a hit that will be used to pay for tax cuts for those who don't really need it.  I think those are the real priorities of almost all Americans--even those who may not directly benefit from the tax cuts. Most Americans share the goals of deficit reduction--because it will help all Americans. Deficit reduction will free up more of our scarce saving for private investments by homeowners, entrepreneurs, and corporations--investments that will create jobs and sustain a growing economy.  For those who are now well off, who will share in the benefits of a growing economy at least as much as anyone else, a tax brake now to sustain those whose incomes have been stuck for years is scarcely grounds for resentment.  This amendment recognizes that we must use common sense and fairness as we search for ways to reduce the deficit and restore balance to our country's finances.  So I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment, that will put the Senate on record sharing the priorities of most Americans--doing what is right and what is fair while we do what is necessary.  