 President, for the benefit of my colleagues who are still here and those who are still left standing after 20-some votes today, I will be mercifully short. I will take about 15 to 20 minutes to make this opening statement on the bill. [[Page S7484]]   Today, to state the obvious, the Senate turns to consideration of the counterterrorism legislation. Earlier this year, I, along with Senator Kohl and Senator Specter, introduced the President's original counterterrorism bill which responded to our experience with the World Trade Tower Center bombings 2 years ago.  Since that time, our attention to the threat of terrorism has been heightened by the tragedy in Oklahoma City, which teaches that the threat of homegrown terrorism must be taken every bit as seriously as the threat of terrorism from abroad.  Before the two tragedies occurred--that is, Oklahoma City and the World Trade Tower--many in America had thought ourselves immune from the bombs and other mass killing devices that were employed elsewhere, in other parts of the world.  Americans enjoy freedoms unlike those of any other people in any other country on the planet. For decades, we have enjoyed those freedoms innocently and without fear here at home.  We have always understood that freedom brings certain risks. The challenge before the Senate now, as we consider this legislation, is to improve our responsiveness to the risk, to the threat of terrorism, without losing the very freedoms we hold dear, without allowing the terrorists to succeed by forcing us, in order to deal with them, to give up the very freedoms they do not cherish but we do.  Responding to this risk means standing against those who seek to destroy our democratic form of government, whether they come from the left or the right, from home or abroad. Incidents like Oklahoma City's bombing have no place in our free and democratic society, which allows full expression of all types of political views through legitimate means.  There is simply no excuse, ever, in this country for turning to violence in a society where all the airwaves are open, uncensored newspapers exist, regular and free elections of the people's representatives take place, and we have a first amendment that guarantees the right of the people to be ignorant as well as informed; to be stupid as well as bright; to say outrageous things as well as informed things. So there is no excuse to turn to anything but the airwaves to deal with that issue.  Mr. President, the Oklahoma City bombing and earlier bombing of the World Trade Center demonstrate clearly that the United States must respond seriously to those, whether foreign or domestic, who kill and seek to make their point through killings and mass killings of Americans.  These events demand that we examine our current laws and practices to ensure that we are doing everything that is necessary and appropriate to guard against the threat.  Mr. President, let me suggest that the overall point I wish to make at this juncture is that it is arguable by some that in other societies where there is no expression or outlet for one's frustration, anger, or cynicism, that they resort to physical force. If there is any country in the world where there is no justification to resort to physical force, it is this country. As I said, all you have to do is listen to some of the talk radio shows and some of the people that call in, and some of us on the floor--myself included--and you will know we even protect the right to be stupid and say crazy things. So there is certainly no need for anybody to suggest that they have to react to their frustration by the use of force.  But the events in New York City and, most recently, in Oklahoma City, demand that we examine our current laws and practices to ensure that we are doing everything that is necessary to appropriately guard against threat. We have to take strong action to counteract terrorism, both foreign and domestic.  There are steps we can take and should take, and the President has proposed a number of them in his bill. Of course, at the same time, we should not, in the heat of the moment, pass legislation that we and the American public will later regret. Our freedoms and our Constitution are simply too valuable to be put at risk in a hurried rush to respond to a terrible tragedy.  Those of us working on the President's proposal over the last month have done so with an eye to ensuring that all of our constitutional protections remain fully intact.  The President's original bill, introduced in February, laid out a core set of terrorist proposals. The Republican substitute bill, as the chairman of the committee has indicated, is built largely around these proposals.  I might add, humorously, it continues to be built. We just got the final copy of a bill that is 160 pages long. So I am assuming what I am about to say is accurate. It was accurate as of a few hours ago. But I am told there are additional changes made in the Republican bill. The Republican bill is comprised primarily of, as I understood it 2 hours ago, measures from the terrorism bill that Senator Kohl and Specter and myself introduced on behalf of the President in February. There are a few new proposals by the President, in the wake of the Oklahoma City bombing, and several proposals were added by Senator Dole, plus habeas corpus provisions added by Senator Hatch and Senator Dole.  We tried to reach agreement with Senator Hatch on many of the provisions of this bill, and I continue to believe that most all of us here can agree on the core terrorism provisions.  Unfortunately, in my view, the Republican substitute does not include several provisions sought by the President of the United States after the Oklahoma City bombing, which focused on domestic terrorism. While I agree that a few of the provisions in the President's bill need further work, several of those rejected by the Republican bill are reasonable and limited expansions of the law, which would greatly enhance our ability to fight terrorism without damaging our civil liberties. But for reasons that will be explained, I am certain, they were not included by the Republicans in their bill.  I expect that these needed provisions, which I will outline in a moment, will be offered as amendments to the Republican substitute, and I hope that all my colleagues will support their addition to the bill.  But, first, let me outline the key terrorism proposals from the President's bill that are contained in the Republican substitute. These provisions include the following: A new offense to assure Federal jurisdiction over all violent acts, violent acts which are motivated by international terrorism. This provision will cover gaps in current Federal law. For example, a terrorist who commits mass murder on a private or State-owned property may now be subject only to State court jurisdiction, not to Federal jurisdiction, not to the FBI, but the local police.  This new provision that the President had in his proposal, and the Republicans included, carries a new death penalty, complementing the terrorism death penalty in last year's crime bill. Parenthetically, I might note that the person or persons who get convicted of the World Trade Center bombing for having killed people cannot get the death penalty under Federal law. But the person or persons convicted in the Oklahoma City bombing will get the death penalty or can get the death penalty because of the crime bill we passed last year. Had we defeated the crime bill, there would be no death penalty for whomever is convicted in Oklahoma City.  The Republican bill will also implement an international treaty to require a detection agent to be added to plastic explosives. That was in the President's bill. It will enhance the Government's ability to obtain consumer credit report and hotel and motel vehicle records in foreign intelligence investigations. It does not change the law governing such information as it relates to domestic investigations.  It also gives the Government greater ability to exclude from entering into the United States those aliens who are involved in terrorist activity--a power the President does not now presently possess.  But, unfortunately, the Republicans dropped some very important provisions from the President's terrorism legislation. Among those provisions sought by the President that were dropped by the Republican substitute, and which will be subject to amendments to this bill, are two limited changes in wiretap authority. I believe that the two changes make sense.   [[Page S7485]] As my friend from Utah and others would acknowledge, I suspect, I have not been one who has been very ready to limit civil liberties. I have jealously guarded the civil liberties of folks, and I have interfered with efforts to change--such as the exclusionary rule--change rules which may, in my view, limit the civil liberties and constitutional rights of Americans.  But I believe, notwithstanding my 23-year record here in the Senate on those issues, that we can change the wiretap law, giving the police more authority, without violating the civil liberties of Americans. The changes do not affect the basic requirement built into our present law to protect legitimate privacy interests or--put another way--the basic protections, including a requirement that the Government must show there is probable cause. And by must show I mean they have to go to a judge and say, ``We want to do this, and we have probable cause to believe that a crime is being committed, or a crime has been committed, and we want you to give us authority to do a wiretap.''  So the basic protections include a requirement that the Government must show there is probable cause to believe that a criminal violation occurred, and a current requirement that the Government must minimize the intrusion of the civil wiretap by turning the wire off whenever a conversation has nothing to do with the commission of a crime.  I want to make it clear. The extension of wiretap authority that I and Senator Lieberman are going to seek, that the President wants, starts off with two basic requirements that are now in the Federal law: A, there has to be probable cause; and, B--most of my colleagues understandably do not realize this--under Federal law now, if a Federal court gives an FBI agent and the FBI authority, a warrant, to tap someone's phone, they must engage in minimization procedures.  So if they are to tap the phone because they think someone is engaged in racketeering, prostitution, or whatever--murder, anything--and the person picks up that phone and calls his daughter at school and starts talking about her latest lacrosse game, they must turn off the wiretap. They are not allowed to keep the wiretap on 24 hours a day. We do not change that. So the protections built in stay built in.  One of the changes, though, sought by the President but not included by my friend from Utah in his bill, is to allow emergency wiretaps which are now available in organized crime cases to be obtained for domestic terrorism offenses. Quite simply, if we can use this tool of emergency wiretaps against the Mafia, I do not understand why we ought not be able to use it against domestic terrorists. But for some reason, my friends on the Republican side have not included that in this bill. I hope it is an oversight, but I do not think it is. We will have an attempt to correct that.  The Republican substitute also does not include a provision on what is called a multipoint, or roving, wiretap. Let me take a moment to explain what these multipoint wiretaps are.  Right now, most wiretap orders identify both the person whom we want to listen in on, and a telephone number from which we expect that person to call. That is the line that they are allowed to go tap. Current law permits the Government to get a multipoint wiretap, allowing the Government to tap any line it sees the subject using when the Government can prove that the subject under surveillance is changing phones with the intent to thwart surveillance.  So the way it goes now is, let us say the FBI gets a wiretap on John Doe's home, and John Doe decides that phone may be tapped. So he does not use that phone. He always goes to the same phone booth on the corner. And he often makes calls from his mother's home. Well, if they can show a judge that John Doe is using those, and perhaps other phones with the intent to evade possible detection of what he says on his phone, they can get a multipoint tap. They can tap all three of those phones. But in order to do so, they have to prove that he is doing that with an intent to avoid, to thwart the surveillance.  Because of the proliferation of mobile telephones, the President wants to eliminate the intent requirement to allow the Government to obtain multipoint wiretaps where the subject may not know he is under surveillance but is, nonetheless, changing phones rapidly with the effect, if not the intent, of thwarting the surveillance. For some reason, my Republican friends do not include that in this bill. The President wants it. The FBI wants it. I think it makes sense. We are going to try to put it back in.  I have long shared the concern that wiretaps are an intrusive law enforcement tool. When Congress first gave the FBI authority to use wiretaps in criminal investigations, we placed special protections directly in the statute precisely to protect legitimate privacy interests. I will detail how these protections work in practice when we get to the amendment on this subject.  In my view, the changes sought by the President are limited and reasonable, and we should add those provisions back to the bill, the provisions deleted by the Republican proposal.  A second area the President has asked the Congress to address is that of adding so-called taggants to explosives. What are taggants? Taggants are microscopic particles that are added to the explosive during the manufacturing process. Those particles survive the explosion when that explosive is detonated, and can later be used, if necessary, to trace where and when the explosive materials were purchased.  That just seems to me to be a pretty logical thing to do. It does not affect the ability of the explosive to function. But, if it does function, some of these are like little pieces of microscopic plastic. The investigators can go in with, in effect, a magnet, pick up these particles from the dust of the explosion, identify through those particles where that explosive was purchased, when it was purchased, and when it was made. That gives them an investigative tool then to go trace, just like they trace a bullet in a gun. They shoot a gun; the bullet is in the wall. The investigator takes the bullet out of the wall and tries to trace the manufacturer of the gun, to trace the purchaser, to trace the owner, and so forth. This is the same principle. But for some reason, folks do not like that idea. The President seeks a study to identify the most effective and cost-efficient ways to tag explosives during the manufacturing process.  Then it gives the Secretary of the Treasury the authority to promulgate regulations requiring chemical manufacturers and other manufacturers to use taggants and to make the violation of that regulation, when they are promulgated, a violation of the law, a crime. The President's proposal also requires a study of whether fertilizers and other readily available materials can be used to build bombs that can be rendered inert.  I was at a conference with General Rose, a British general, who is in charge of the U.N. military force in Sarajevo, in Bosnia. We were meeting on the issue of Bosnia when the god-awful news came about Oklahoma City.  We immediately cut off our meeting, and we repaired to the television. As General Rose and I and others sat there watching the horror on the screen, General Rose, a British general, turned to me and said something that startled me. Just looking at the building, he said, ``That's a fertilizer bomb.'' And I said, ``I beg your pardon?'' He said, ``That bomb, that building was blown up by fertilizer.''  And I thought, how in the Lord's name could he know that? And about 3 hours later on the television, investigators came on and said that it was a fertilizer bomb that caused this damage. So I asked him how did he know that? He said he could tell by the jagged way in which the building was ripped apart from his experience in Northern Ireland. And he said, you know what we did in England with this because the IRA was using these kinds of bombs? We reduced the amount of nitrogen in fertilizer and we added a requirement to fertilizer that an inert material--that is, something that will not affect the effectiveness of the fertilizer--an inert material can be added to fertilizer to make it impossible, or diminish the possibility that it can be used to blow up something.  Now, it seems to me that makes sense. Unless someone can prove to me that by adding this inert subject to the production of fertilizer, you are going to render the fertilizer useless for its [[Page S7486]] purpose on the field, it seems to me we should do that.  The Republican substitute includes a study of taggants and whether or not fertilizer can be made inert, but it does not grant authority for regulations requiring taggants, and this is an issue that has already been the subject of significant study.  The Republicans rejected the President's request to move from the theoretical to the real and authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to require the inclusion of taggants in explosives. My question is why? Why? Why will they not include that?  Well, Senator Feinstein and I will have an amendment to reinstate the President's language in his terrorism bill. In my view, it is time to act and require the ATF, the agency with expertise and jurisdiction over explosives, to gather the best information and promulgate the necessary regulations.  Finally, the Republican substitute does not include a proposal to allow the use of the military to assist in investigations of biological and chemical weapons. The President proposed a narrow exception to what is called the Posse Comitatus Act, a narrow exemption to permit law enforcement to use the unique expertise of the Defense Department in combating biological and chemical weapons in terrorism similar to what the law now permits with regard to nuclear material.  Right now, we can use the military in a domestic situation where nuclear material is involved, an exception to the Posse Comitatus Act. The Posse Comitatus Act, for people listening, is a fancy name, but it merely says we do not want the military having arrest power in the United States of America. The military is to fight enemies foreign, not domestic. And that is a good thing. We all agree with that. We are one of the countries in the world that does not have the military dictating the day-to-day operations of the country. I do not want to change that. But the military has the expertise on nuclear weapons, the military has the expertise on biological weapons and the expertise on chemical weapons, and it seems to me we should provide a similar exception for them to be able to be involved in domestic investigation where it affects biological agents and where it affects chemical agents, just as we do now allow them to be involved where it involves nuclear material.  Negotiations among interested parties on the Armed Services and the Judiciary Committees have occurred over the last few days, and we are nearing a bipartisan agreement on this, I hope. If, however, an agreement is not reached, the distinguished Senator from Georgia, Mr. Nunn, and I plan to offer a proposal to permit the use of the military in these limited circumstances of biological weapons and chemical weapons. We must be in a position to respond immediately should we ever, God forbid, have an event like that which occurred in the Tokyo subway. And to be ready to respond, we should avoid wasted duplication of setting up a new bureaucracy to be able to handle chemical and biological weapons, and we certainly should avoid any more delay. So we will have an amendment, if an agreement is not reached, to provide an additional exception to the Posse Comitatus Act as it relates to chemical agents and biological agents.  Now, habeas corpus. The distinguished Senator from Utah and I have been debating habeas corpus for as long as we have been here, and in his opening statement--I may be mistaken, but I would estimate 40 percent of his statement related to habeas corpus, or a large portion that I heard. And so he includes habeas corpus in this proposal.  Now, the President asked that this be kept, to use the parlance of the Senate, a clean bill; that we deal with terrorism.  Well, that is not going to happen. And although habeas corpus as explained by Senator Hatch has little to do with fighting terrorism, we are going to have to debate it anyway.  Now, the Republican provision to reform habeas corpus procedures would require Federal courts to defer to State court decisions even when the State court has made an incorrect decision on habeas corpus. This provision is what everyone around here knows as the full and fair rule. The need for habeas corpus reform is clear. All of us want to end the delay and abuse in habeas corpus and all of us have supported provisions in the past that would limit a prisoner's right to appeal, would allow a very narrow window in which a habeas corpus petition could be filed, and would place strict limits on when that petition had to be filed.  However, the Republican proposal goes much further. The standard proposed in the Republican substitute would direct a Federal court to defer to a State court decision as long as it is not unreasonable. In other words, if reasonable minds could disagree, the State court decision would stand in Federal court even if it is incorrect.  Now, this is a dressed up version of what is known around here as the full and fair rule. Reasonableness is a highly deferential standard, one never before used in habeas corpus. And current law permits Federal courts to make a merit-based decision and to correct harmful State court errors.  I believe we must reform habeas corpus, and I believe we can reform habeas corpus to adopt limits on the number of petitions and the time limits on the petitions such as those contained in the Republican substitute, but without stopping Federal courts from correcting serious State court errors in interpreting the United States Constitution.  In addition, the Republican substitute changes current law which mandates appointment of a lawyer in Federal habeas corpus cases to make such appointments discretionary, not mandatory. I support limiting a prisoner's right to petition. I support limiting prisoners to one habeas corpus petition and giving them a very short period within which it must be filed, but I cannot fathom why we would deny that same petitioner a lawyer at the same time. Such a step serves neither efficiency nor justice.  Now, I noted that the habeas corpus provision in the Republican bill is not directly related to terrorism in that it applies primarily to prisoners who are prosecuted in State courts.  It is particularly inappropriate, in my view, to work such a devastating change in the law on a bill which is designed for a very narrow purpose, for which the Senate is working to move quickly.  Now, when we get to the debate on habeas corpus, we will have what has become known around here as ``dueling charts.'' I will show that the Biden habeas corpus provision would not allow those outrageous examples that the Senator uses where a petitioner sat on death row 2, 5, 10, 12, 18 years after having committed a heinous crime and avoiding the death penalty for that period as a consequence of filing petitions. We want to allow only one bite out of the apple.  But I want to make a point. My friend from Utah made an impassioned statement tonight about how it would be horrible if we find and convict the murderer, the man or woman, or men or women, who murdered those people in Oklahoma and that person was able to avoid execution by filing repetitive petitions.  Well, his proposal has nothing to do with that. So I will have an amendment that says: Limit their habeas corpus changes to Federal court matters.  For example, all the horror stories the Senator pointed out tonight, none of them have to do with somebody who has been tried in Federal court. If you have been tried in a Federal court--which this bill says, by the way, the terrorism bill says, the only purpose of it is to say you do these bad things, you go to a Federal court, you go to a Federal judge, you have the Federal FBI investigate you, you go to a Federal prison, you have a Federal executioner. That is the only reason for the bill. That is why we are doing it.  So if the Senator is as concerned as he appears to be about these exorbitant delays, let us apply it to Federal court.  Now, the reason I am going to offer that amendment is not that I think his idea as to how he wants to limit it in Federal court makes much sense, but just to prove that this is a sham. This has nothing to do with it.  I will have a chart tomorrow, or whenever we get to this, showing all the prisoners in Federal court sitting on death row who are filing Federal habeas petitions. What he is talking about is a need to remedy the State court problem. And I am willing to do that; I have been trying to do it for 10 years, but not on this bill. [[Page S7487]]   Why are we getting into this debate on this bill? But I will leave that for another moment, another day, another hour to debate it, because we have debated it before.  Finally, the Republican substitute contains two very controversial provisions from the administration's proposal that I believe are troubling. The first is that it includes a provision that I must acknowledge the President's included, a provision to create new deportation procedures for aliens in the United States who are alleged to be terrorists.  In the administration's bill, the Government could, in some circumstances, use secret information, not disclosed to the defendant, not disclosed to the defendant's lawyers, in order to make a case.  We have never had such a procedure in history, to the best of my knowledge, in America, where someone can bring a charge against an individual, go into a Federal court, have the prosecutor meet alone with the judge and say:  ``Judge, these are all the horrible things that the defendant did. We're not going to tell the defendant what evidence there is that he did these horrible things. We're not going to let the defendant know what that evidence is. We're not going to let the defendant's lawyer know what it is. We're not going to let the defendant's lawyer answer these questions. You and me judge''--me, the prosecutor; you, the judge--``let's deport him in a secret hearing, using secret evidence. Let's walk out of this courtroom, out of your chambers, walk out and say, `OK, Smedlap, you're deported. We find you're a terrorist. You're out of here.'"  And Smedlap looks and says, ``Hey, tell me who said I was a terrorist. How do you know that?'' We say, ``Oh, no, we can't tell you. We know you did it, and we can't tell you how we know.''  Now I think that is about as un-American as it gets.  Now what we will hear is--and I think the President is dead wrong on this--but what we will hear is, ``Well, look, these folks are not American citizens. They are not entitled to the same privileges as American citizens in a courtroom.''  Well, that is technically true. But, my lord, I do not want to be part of anything that establishes that kind of Star Chamber proceeding. Technically, they may be right; philosophically, it is dead wrong.  But it is interesting, my Republican friends do not include taggants. They do not include additional wiretaps. But they include this. I mean, who, as my little daughter used to say, ``Go fish.'' How can you figure that one out? I cannot, anyway.  Our judicial system generally requires that a defendant be given evidence that is to be used against him so that he can prepare a defense. Unseen, unheard evidence simply cannot be defended against and it creates the possibility of erroneous decisions.  The Republican substitute, unlike the prior version of the Republican bill, moves back toward allowing what the President wrongheadedly put in his bill, in my view.  The bill also includes a radically revised version of an administration proposal to bar fundraising within the United States for organizations which the Secretary of State designates as terrorists. The President's proposal guarded against first amendment concerns by allowing persons to send funds to designated organizations if it could be shown that the funds were going to a legitimate purpose, for humanitarian effort or for political advocacy only.  For example, the substitute bill revises this proposal. First, it changes the Presidential determination to one made by the Secretary of State and then subjects the determination to searching judicial review. While this addresses some of the first amendment concerns in the administration's proposal, it is also problematic because Presidential designations of this sort are not usually litigated in Federal court.  Second, the substitute eliminates any opportunity for persons to make donations for proper purposes, in my view increasing the first amendment concerns on that aspect of the bill.  In conclusion, Mr. President, let me say that I would have preferred to have come to this floor on a bill that was wholly bipartisan without controversial and irrelevant provisions, but the majority has not chosen to proceed that way. I would also, frankly, have preferred to have seen the bill we are considering in advance of the day we are considering the bill on the floor. But, in fairness to my Republican friends, they have been working hard to put it together to try to meet the deadline to get it in before the recess. But, nonetheless, it puts us in a difficult position.  Having received a final version of the bill at only about 6:30 tonight, I have not been able to review it carefully to see whether any of my concerns have already been addressed in the bill--maybe some of the things I have said now have been addressed by this new version--or whether or not additional concerns have been raised by the new bill.  It is my hope and belief that, with certain changes, the substitute offered today by my Republican friends can become a true pro-law-enforcement, pro-civil-liberties, counter-terrorism, bipartisan bill. It is my hope and belief that all Senators will listen to the director of the FBI, the Attorney General of the United States, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the President, and not to groups who believe violence, not voting, is the means to change the system--not that anyone is listening to anyone who is advocating violence, but those who do not think we should expand the ability of law enforcement to look more closely at those groups who believe violence and not voting is the means to change the system.  All Federal law enforcement is part of a team of brave men and women who protect the lives of all Americans from terrorist attacks. Let us stand with law enforcement as we consider this bill, and give them the tools that they badly need. Even as we protect our constitutional freedoms, we can make this legislation a truly effective tool in fighting terrorism, the threat that comes from distant shores as well as those that come from the American heartland. We have a duty to protect law-abiding Americans and that is what this bill must do.  In conclusion, I believe we can enter into a time agreement on most of the amendments that we will have and hopefully we can move quickly, after the recess, to finish and to complete this bill. Because, as I understand the majority leader, he is looking for a couple of amendments to be brought up tomorrow--whether that means one, two or five, I do not know--but several amendments tomorrow, which we are ready to do. We will give time agreements on those amendments and then we will move back to the bill when we come back.  Again, I thank my Republican colleague, the chairman of the committee, for the areas in which we have cooperated. I look forward to vigorous and substantive debate on those areas where we do not agree. But ultimately we will produce a bill.  I thank the Chair and thank my colleagues. I yield the floor.  