 The general principle in this language in the Hatch bill is that Federal courts shall not grant a claim that was adjudicated in State court proceedings. That is what is at the top. It seems to me that is what the sponsor of this bill views as the most desirable outcome in a habeas petition. Of course, this is directly contrary to the purpose of habeas corpus, which is to have Federal courts, and in particular the Supreme Court, decide issues of Federal constitutional law.  The second problem, in this instance, the bill seems to allow an exception to the general rule but one that is likely to be illusory because a claim can be granted only if the State court's application of Federal law to the facts, before it was unreasonable, not merely wrong but unreasonable. It could be wrong but viewed as reasonable. This is an extraordinary deferential standard to the State courts, and I believe it is an inappropriate one. It puts the Federal courts in the difficult position of evaluating the reasonableness of a State court judge rather than simply deciding whether or not he correctly applied the law, not whether he did it reasonably. You can have a reasonable mistake. They could reasonably conclude that on a constitutional provision, it should not apply, when in fact the Supreme Court would rule it must apply. Reasonable people could have reached the conclusion prior to the application of the Miranda decision that it was reasonable not to tell someone their rights. That is a reasonable decision. It may not be born out of animus. The Supreme Court said no. You have to tell people their rights. A reasonable standard of review is the lowest standard used by Federal courts.  In reviewing the constitutionality of statutes, for example, in cases where courts used the reasonable or rational standard, it looks only at whether there is any rational basis supporting the statute. It is a cursory standard of review. In fact, looking at thousands of cases since the late 1930's, our Supreme Court has found--to the best of my knowledge--no statute invalid when they have applied the reasonable standard.  Reasonable people, like Senator Hatch and I, are going to be arguing on the floor about the regulatory reform bill and about the takings clause and all of those issues, right now if the U.S. Congress passes a law saying you cannot have more than 2 parts per billion of a carcinogenic substance in the liquid effluent coming out of your factory, the Supreme Court says not whether that does or does not cause cancer, they say it is reasonable for those folks in the Senate and the House to conclude that is dangerous and, therefore, they will uphold the statute.  It is the lowest standard. It is one thing to apply that when we are protecting the public against environmental pollution. It is another thing when we are applying that standard to the application of constitutional rights to individuals. There we have always applied the highest standard. The Government has been required to meet the highest standard before they can put someone in jail or put them to death. This reasonableness standard reduces to its lowest common denominator.  The court also uses a reasonableness standard in reviewing Federal agencies' interests, and the administrative statutes. I will not get into it now. But the Chevron case and others are cases we debated about whether or not, in applying civil law, which standard we should apply. But the bottom line is this, folks. If the standard is reasonableness, it is the lowest common denominator. And, if the Federal court is required to give deference to a State court on the grounds that it acted reasonably as opposed to correctly, a lot of folks--I should not say a lot; I do not know how many--but there will be individuals who will be put to death where they otherwise would not have been put to death if the Federal court were able to apply the standard that determines their ability to go back and look at the facts and the law and make an independent judgment.  By the way, let me say the whole reason to have the ability of a defendant to go into Federal court is to allow Federal judges to apply the Federal Constitution and determine whether they think the State court applied it correctly. But if you limit what they can look at and the standard they use in review, you have in effect undercut the very rationale for allowing the defendant to get into that Federal court in the first place.  The third problem with this language is the bill's reasonableness exception is limited not only by the requirement that the decision must have been unreasonable, but that it must have been unreasonable in light of Supreme Court law. So even if there is a Federal court decision directly on point, the State court could ignore it as long as the application of law had not been directly decided by the Supreme Court.  As the Presiding Officer knows, as a former prosecutor and a first-rate trial lawyer, there are a number of lower Federal court decisions that never get to the Supreme Court because no one bothers to conclude that they were wrongly decided. And they are accepted as Federal law. In this case, you could have all the districts or the circuits agreeing on one application of the law, and the State court ignore what the Federal courts have said because there is no Supreme Court decision on point. That seems to me to be a very dangerous precedent. Even so, if there is a Federal court decision directly on point, under this language, the State court could ignore it as long as the Supreme Court has not spoken to it. In other words, State courts could ignore the decisions of the lower U.S. courts interpreting the Constitution without any prospect of being corrected by Federal courts.  For example, an appeals court recently held that a defendant cannot be prosecuted criminally and have his property forfeited under the civil forfeiture laws because of the double jeopardy clause prohibiting that. That ruling is clear. It is unambiguous. But it is not a Supreme Court ruling. Under this bill, a State court, which subsequently refused to follow that interpretation, could not be corrected by habeas corpus review because it could never get back into the Federal court system.  This limitation on Supreme Court laws is particularly nonsensical because the Supreme Court generally does not accept for review decisions by circuit courts of appeal unless there is a split in the circuits, as the Presiding Officer knows. If all the circuits agree on a principle of law, the Supreme Court would have no reason to address it.  So under this standard that we are about to write into the law, a State court could ignore a rule that all the circuit courts agreed on and no Federal court could correct that State decision. That is preposterous; maybe unintended, but that is the effect.  Fourth, the exception to the general rule in habeas shall not be granted if the State court ajudicating the claim is further narrowed by the language in the statute requiring that the Federal law at issue must have been clearly established. Not only must the decision of the State court have been unreasonable, and not only must it have been unreasonable in light of Supreme Court law, not Federal law, but it must have been unreasonable in light of Supreme Court law that is clearly established.  The one thing we know is that where lawyers are involved, there is little that can be said to be clearly established. So where the application of a U.S. Supreme Court decision to a new set of facts is unclear, the State court need not worry about it.  For instance, the Supreme Court quite logically has held that the prosecution must give to the defendant any evidence it has that is favorable to him. It is called justice--justice. This is not a game. Prosecutors are not [[Page S7843]] there to determine whether they can win. They are there to do justice. And so the Supreme Court has said that, if the prosecution has at its disposal evidence that goes to the innocence of the defendant, that has to be made available to the defendant. But is a certain kind of evidence favorable to the accused? That might not be clearly established. And so the State courts will be free to go their own way.  For example, a clear case would be assume that in the State court, the prosecutor had evidence there were two witnesses at the same time who said the defendant did not do it. Well, they cannot withhold that from him. But they may conclude at the State court level that they have evidence there is a motel receipt that indicated the defendant was at such and such a place when this crime was committed. They can reasonably conclude at a State court level we really do not think that goes to the innocence, that is not favorable to the defendant, that is a marginal question so we are not going to tell him.  Now, what you have to do, if you are filing a Federal habeas corpus appeal to get them to go back and get them to look at that, you have to prove that judgment was unreasonable even though there is a Supreme Court decision out there saying you have to make things that are favorable to the defendant available to the defendant, because it is not clearly established law, because it is not around long enough to have been applied to 10, 20, 30 fact circumstances.  Now, it seems to me that we are requiring an awful lot of hurdles and limitations on what a Federal judge can look at once we get to court. Again, keep our eye on the ball here. We are not talking about successive abilities to get into Federal court. We are not talking about extended time limits to get into Federal court. We are not talking about whether or not you can get into Federal court repeatedly. We are only talking about when you get to Federal court what is the Federal judge able to look at. And right now the Federal judge is able to look at the whole thing from ground up if he wants to. He can make an independent decision based on what the specific statement by the defendant is in his petition as to why they should be granted a new trial. They can go back and look at the facts in the case and the law and apply them in conjunction with one another.  So let me summarize what I think this language in the Hatch bill says. First, it states that habeas relief cannot be granted by a Federal judge if a State court has adjudicated the claim, which is directly contrary to the entire purpose of Federal habeas corpus.  Second, it creates what looks to be an exception but one that is largely illusory. It requires that a State court merely behave reasonably--not correctly, reasonably. It requires that a State court merely act reasonably in relation to a Supreme Court decision, not in relation to decisions of lower Federal courts in their State. And it requires them to act reasonably only if the Supreme Court law can be said to be clearly established. All this amounts to is that State courts in almost every case will be free to reach virtually any decision without any chance of Federal review later. This rule, the so-called rule of deference, turns habeas on its head. The purpose of habeas is to correct State court errors. But if Federal courts have to defer to State court decisions, they will not be able to correct their mistakes except in the most egregious circumstances.  Now, through the years we have fought in this Chamber battles over the so-called full and fair standard, essentially what Senator Kyl had introduced. At least he was straightforward and blatant about it. He said: Look, my purpose here is to do away with any State prisoner being able to get into a Federal court, period, and because the Constitution says you can go to the Supreme Court under rare circumstances, I am not going to try to eliminate it. But he said 40 percent of the delay is in Federal court, so what I am going to do is do away with the ability to get into Federal courts.  Straightforward. This provision suggested by my Republican friend essentially does the same thing, making it sound like we are really letting someone get in.  Admittedly, the most egregious cases, which would not be captured by the Kyl amendment, would be captured in this amendment. But the vast majority of cases are in a gray area. And again my proposal to delete this standard will in no way slow the process up and will in no way increase the number of opportunities that a prisoner has to file a petition.  While this language looks different than full and fair, the language in this bill would have virtually the same effect. It would prevent Federal courts from granting relief for a violation of the Federal Constitution because it would require deference to the State decision unless that decision were unreasonable. Being wrong would not be enough to get it overturned. It would have to be unreasonable.  If I can make an analogy to the Presiding Officer--who is the only one here at the moment and so that is why I am speaking to him, although I always like to speak to him--it is like this deal with good-faith exceptions to the fourth amendment, search and seizure. All of a sudden, by the way, my friends on the right side of the Chamber, my right and on the ideological right, all of a sudden are beginning to realize: Wait. Maybe we do not want to do away with that so quickly. But at any rate, there is an exception that if a cop violates the fourth amendment but did it in good faith, it should be admissible in court.  Well, you can theoretically argue that makes sense. But how about where a court wrongly but in good faith, in good faith wrongly decides a provision in the Constitution, wrongly decides it, the result of which is the person goes to death. Are we going to reward ignorance? Are we going to reward reasonableness just because it came from the State? It may be reasonable that he reached that decision but wrong. Wrong. This would preclude Federal courts from looking at the merits--whether it was wrongly decided. They only get to do it if it meets the threshold that it was an unreasonable application of the facts and the law.  When the Supreme Court announces a constitutional wrong such as the right of the defendant to know about evidence held by the prosecutor that suggests he is innocent, it necessarily leaves open the question of how that general rule applies to specific facts. Does that mean evidence that could be used to impeach a witness must be turned over? How strong does the evidence need to be before the requirement kicks in? The Supreme Court cannot possibly decide all of these issues in one case.  But lawyers arguing in courts will be able to come up with all sorts of different ways of applying that general rule in individual cases. And many of those ways of applying them may be reasonable. That means that Federal courts will be unable to review State decisions through habeas corpus and begin to establish some uniform law in that portion of the country. Instead, virtually any decision a court reaches will have to be considered acceptable solely because it was reasonable.  I ask everybody listening to this, do we want 25 different interpretations of what is reasonable? Do we want 25 or 50 different versions of what is reasonable? That flies in the face of the notion of a uniform application of the only unifying document that exists in our Nation, the U.S. Constitution. This would mean that the Federal Constitution would be determined by State court judges.  Placing primary responsibility for the Federal Constitution in the hands of State courts is a dramatic departure from this country's historical principle, and that is that it is the Federal courts that should be the final arbiters of Federal law. It would relegate us to a system in which the 50 State court systems and in fact the individual judges within those systems are the separate and ultimate arbiters of what the Constitution means. The meaning of the Federal Constitution could be different, depending on what State you are in.  Independent review is the only sensible approach, I suggest. Even Justice O'Connor has said in rejecting a judicially created full and fair rule--which is what this rule is--that:       We have never held in the past that Federal courts must      presume the correctness of State court legal decisions.  Let me stop there and read it again:       We have never held in the past that Federal courts must      presume the correctness of State court legal decisions.  This requires us to presume--presume--the correctness of State court decisions. I am not certain that the State of Mississippi would apply the Constitution the same way the State of New York would, as the State of California would, as the State of New Hampshire would. I do not know if anybody else is very sure of that.  Let me go on and read the entire quote from Justice O'Connor:       We have never held in the past that Federal courts must      presume the correctness of State court legal decisions or      that State courts' incorrect legal determination has ever      been allowed to stand because it was reasonable. We have      always held that Federal courts, even on habeas, have the      independent obligation to say what the law is.  That is the Federal constitutional interpretation by the Supreme Court. I quote her again:       We have never held . . . that State courts' incorrect legal      determination has ever been allowed to stand because it was      reasonable.  This would allow incorrect State court decisions to stand because they are reasonable, although incorrect.  That quote, I might add, was from Wright versus West, decided in 1992. Even Justice Rehnquist----  