 President.  Mr. President, I find it fascinating to hear none of my Republican colleagues stand up and say the Medicare system is bad. They say things like it is antiquated and outdated, but it serves the senior citizens well. How in the heck can that be done? How can it be antiquated, outdated, and serve the senior citizens well?  The second thing I would like to say is in response to my friend from Georgia talking about Ozzie and Harriet. Let me tell you how Ozzie and Harriet are going to work under this proposal. They are going to find out that their mother and their father on Medicare are going to pay $800 or $900 a year more come the year 2002. Then when grandmom and grandpop come to Ozzie and Harriet, because they have the same middle-class values as the Senator from Georgia and I do, and mom says, ``Ozzie, I tell you what, these Republicans gave me a choice; I can pay $800 more or I can go into one of these HMO things, but I do not get to see Dr. Jones anymore,'' do you think Ozzie is going to stand there and say, ``Hey, Mom, tough.''  Ozzie is going to reach in his pocket, like all the Ozzies in this Chamber, and say, ``Don't worry, mom. Even though I can't pay my taxes, even though I can't get my kid to school, I am going to increase my taxes, in effect, 800 bucks to pay for you and 800 bucks to pay for dad because I know your median income is about $18,000, so I will take care of it for you.''  This is a tax increase for middle-class people who care about their parents.  And wait until we get to Medicaid, when Ozzie and Harriet get the phone call midyear and mom says, ``Hon, they tell me I got to come home; it's June. I gotta come home from the nursing home.'' Watch what happens then to decent, honorable, middle-class people who are being crunched on the one hand by their children with the cost of a college education and the cost of maintaining their standard of living, which is slipping from them, and on the other hand, having to pick up the costs for mom and dad.  The last point I would like to make is one of the reasons to send this bill back, and that is, fraud, although Senator Roth did much better than our House Members did. Everyone acknowledges there is about $34 billion a year in fraud in Medicare and Medicaid. This bill hardly touches the problem. This is the case, I might add, because health care providers do not like us dealing with fraud.  I have been working to combat health care fraud for over 3 years now--ever since I first introduced a health care fraud bill in the U.S. Senate and held hearings on health care fraud in the Senate Judiciary Committee.  I found in those hearings--and it has been reported elsewhere ever since--that fraud in the entire health care sector accounts for up to 10 percent of all health care spending.  The same, unfortunately, is true for Medicare.  The General Accounting Office estimates that fraud in the Medicare Program will total up to $18 billion this year alone. Medicaid fraud is another $16 billion.  Now, the vast majority of doctors and other health care providers are honest professionals. But, a few dishonest manipulators are ripping off the taxpayers and threatening the integrity of Medicare and Medicaid. A few cynical criminals are preying on those who need health care the most.  Going after these crooks and thieves who are defrauding the system must be our top priority. If this motion to commit is adopted--and I hope it will be--the first place we should try to find savings is in Medicare fraud.  Later in the debate, Mr. President, I will be joining Senator Harkin and Senator Graham in offering an amendment specifically on Medicare fraud--and I hope my colleagues will support that as well.  According to one estimate, for every dollar we spend fighting Medicare fraud, we save $10. One example of this: in 1994, in the Middle District of Pennsylvania, the Justice Department recovered almost $7 million in fraudulent Medicare and Medicaid payments--more than what it cost to run the entire Justice Department office in that district.  This is an excellent return on our investment. So, before we raise costs to senior citizens--before we impose draconian cuts on benefits--we need to root the robbers out of Medicare.  Let me say up again that the Senate bill is much better than the House bill on this front. The House bill would make it much more difficult to prosecute health care fraud.  The House bill would change the standard of proof in a civil fraud case from ``knows or should know'' to ``deliberate ignorance'' or ``reckless disregard.''  The House bill would change the standard for enforcing the Federal antikickback laws. The current standard prohibits kickbacks when one of the purposes is ``to induce'' referrals. But, the House bill would prohibit kickbacks only ``for the significant purpose of inducing referrals.''  Fortunately, these provisions are not in the Senate bill. But, let me mention one thing about the Senate bill that troubles me from the fraud perspective.  The Senate bill would repeal all Federal safety protections for seniors in nursing homes. Last week, in Delaware, I held a forum on Medicare fraud. At that forum, Federal prosecutors said that elimination of nursing home standards would create a significant problem in both the investigation and prosecution of patient abuse.  In addition, Mr. President, I believe the antifraud provisions in the Senate bill could be--and should be--stronger.  We need to guarantee that there will be funding to fight fraud--so that there are more investigators and prosecutors in the field to go after the crooks.  We should collect the costs of our investigations from those who are found guilty. And, we should require the guilty to pay restitution to the victims.  We need to strengthen the penalties for those found guilty of health care fraud--including increased fines for those who violate the antikickback laws.  And, we should provide rewards for consumers and patients who uncover fraud.  So, Mr. President, I hope my colleagues will support the motion to commit--so that fraud can be made the top priority in achieving Senate savings. And, I hope my colleagues will later adopt the Harkin-Graham-Biden antifraud amendment.  Now is not the time to make it easier for the crooks and con artists to get away with ripping off the American taxpayer. Instead, we need to renew and strengthen our efforts to fight Medicare fraud.  