 President, this Republican budget sets the wrong priorities. The goal is right--steady movement toward a balanced budget--but how the Republicans propose to get there is wrong. More than half of all the cuts in this budget come from just two programs--Medicare and Medicaid. Specifically, the Republican budget would cut $256 billion from Medicare over the next 7 years and another $175 billion from Medicaid, about $58 billion of which would come from long-term care for the elderly. This would be, without a doubt, the largest Medicare cut in history--three times larger than any previous cut.  This was not part of the Republican Contract With America. In fact, some have forgotten about an earlier contract--the contract we made with the senior citizens of America--those who worked hard and played by the rules. Cutting health care for those who are at an age when they need health care the most is simply wrong. To cut Medicare as much as the Republicans are proposing violates the long-standing contract with America's seniors.  And, why? So that the wealthy can be guaranteed a tax cut and so that rich billionaires can continue to renounce their U.S. citizenship in order to avoid paying taxes.  I believe we should have a tax cut--one that is targeted to middle-class families for the cost of education. And, I will discuss that issue in more detail later. But, the Republicans in the House have already passed their tax cut. Families making less than $30,000 would get a tax cut of $124--less than 50 cents a day--while families making over $200,000 would get a tax cut of over $11,000.  I am not saying we should raise taxes on the wealthy. And I am not saying that we should give a tax cut to everyone but the wealthy. But, Mr. President, do our richest 1 percent, or 5 percent, need a tax cut more than our retirees on a fixed income need protection against skyrocketing health care costs. I do not think so. I do not think we should provide a tax cut for guys like me--and I am the poorest one around this place--while we are increasing my mother's health care costs. And, I certainly do not believe that billionaires who renounce their American citizenship should have priority over the seniors who gave so much to this country.  I know what the Republicans are saying. They are claiming that they are not cutting Medicare and Medicaid--only reducing the rate of increase. Technically, true. But, for those seniors whose costs go up because Medicare pays for less, is that not a cut? For those seniors who have less access to health care services because Medicare providers refuse to take new Medicare patients, is that not a cut? For those seniors who may no longer qualify for Medicaid nursing home care because Medicaid payments to States are restricted, is that not a cut? Call it what you want. The fact is, seniors will pay more--much, much more.  Assuming that half of the Medicare cuts will come from seniors themselves, this Republican budget means that the average senior citizen will pay between $800 and $900 more in out-of-pocket costs--premiums, deductibles, and copayments--in 2002 than they would otherwise pay. Over the course of the next 7 years, the elderly would [[Page S7072]] have to pay a total of about $3,200 more in out-of-pocket costs. That is on top of the average senior already expecting to pay about $25,000 in premiums, copayments, and deductibles for Medicare between now and 2002. The Republican budget would result in a 13-percent increase in out-of-pocket Medicare payments by America's seniors. And, on average, seniors already pay 21 percent of their income on health costs.  I know what else the Republicans are saying. They are claiming that we need to cut Medicare in order to save it. They argue that Medicare will go bankrupt in 2002, and they just want to protect the program for posterity. Mr. President, this budget does not reform Medicare; it cuts Medicare. Not one single proposal has been offered to save Medicare. Instead, the budget establishes an arbitrary number of $256 billion and says that is how much is going to be cut regardless of the actual cost of medical services or the total number of people who qualify. Between now and the year 2002, the number of seniors eligible for Medicare will increase by 4 million--15,000 in my State of Delaware. The Medicare funds will not keep pace. Someone gets cut.  If the Republicans were interested in saving Medicare, they would attack the causes of why Medicare is going bankrupt. But, they do not. If the Republicans were interested in saving Medicare, they would come to the table with the goal of saving Medicare. Instead, they want Democrats to come to the table after they have pulled an arbitrary number out of thin air.  And, where have the Republicans been? We have known since 1985 that the Medicare trust fund would become insolvent near the turn of the century. And, yet, for 7 years, Republican Presidents Reagan and Bush never proposed saving Medicare from bankruptcy. In 1993, not one single Republican in either the House or the Senate voted for President Clinton's proposal to shore up the Medicare trust fund. And, last fall, Republicans were so concerned about saving Medicare that they forgot to include it as part of the Contract With America.  Let us stop the charade. Republicans are cutting Medicare to balance the budget and to provide tax cuts to the wealthy. That is their priority. They are wrong. Democrats have alternatives that will achieve the same goal--a balanced budget in 2002--without taking this much from Medicare. For example, Senators Rockefeller and Lautenberg have an amendment to return part of any economic dividend that results from a balanced budget back to the Medicare and Medicaid Programs. We ought to adopt the Democratic amendments and fulfill the original Contract With America--the contract with America's seniors.  