  If he did not say this, then this is unwarranted, what I am saying. But I just do not think that after all the time and all the effort we have made here, the men in the Senate--not just the women in the Senate--the men in the Senate, the people on this floor, to deal with the Violence Against Women Act, which is all about changing attitudes--and my friend, the Senator from the State of Arizona, I know how he feels about these things. I know how he votes on these things. I know how the Senator from Mississippi and the Senator from Iowa feel about this. We have tried very hard to change attitudes, attitudes about women and whether or not women are property, whether or not women are ``our woman,'' whether or not we men have a right to ever touch them. That has been a central debate in this Nation.  And to have one of the highest ranking military officers of the United States of America saying--in command of thousands of young, impressionable men--that his response to this tragedy, instead of being an instinctive gut-wrenching anger and empathy, is, ``They could have gotten a girl.'' Why would he do this? That is simple. Unfortunately, we know a fair number of people think like this. ``This is kind of dumb. If they wanted sex, they could have gotten and bought it in Okinawa for the price they rented the car. That is a reasonable calculation, is it not?''  And until recently, the last decade or so, that was kind of an accepted notion. ``We should think of these things logically.'' Well, my God, it is absolutely--I mean, all the debates that we have had on the floor, all the times--and, Mr. President, if there is anyone who is guilty of ``hoof in mouth'' disease, if there is anyone who has stuck his foot in his mouth more than this Senator, if there is anybody that has made more verbal faux pas than me, I do not know.  I challenge anyone to think, in 23 years, of any time I have gotten up on the floor and criticized someone like this for misspeaking, because I am a champion at it, I have made a career of it, unfortunately, but, thank God, never on something like this, never on something that has affected someone, affected the representation of the philosophy of a nation.  