 President, I have long held that separate enrollment is the solution to the tough question of how to provide the President with line-item veto power.  Since 1984, when I joined Senator Mattingly and others in introducing a separate enrollment line-item veto bill, until this year, as cosponsor of Senator Bradley's bill, I have supported both the principle of a line-item veto and the specific approach of separate enrollment.  Today, I want to explain my position on this important issue, a position that has, until just last week, had little support on either side of the aisle. I am gratified by the recent embrace of this approach as the compromise position that could finally permit a controlled experiment with a line-item veto to go forward.  Mr. President, a controlled experiment is just what this proposal calls for.  Mr. President, I share the concerns of many of my colleagues that a line-item veto could threaten the balance of power established in the Constitution between the Congress and the President.  That is why I argued unequivocally against any constitutional version of line-item veto just 2 months ago in the Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution.  Because this is a statutory line-item veto, Mr. President, and one, I must emphasize, with a built-in sunset it remains the prerogative of Congress to decide if this is, in the end, what we want to do and how we want to do it.  And that is, indeed, the intended effect of the legislation before us today. It grants new power to the President--to veto separate items in appropriations bills, not the whole bill as would be required today. This change permits the President to target specific spending programs, not whole categories of Government activity.  But this change would not only provide the executive with additional responsibility for controlling Federal spending at the margins. It would put additional responsibility on Congress to remove those items that would be easy targets for a presidential veto.  No one can look upon the deplorable state of our Federal finances and tell me that a little more fiscal responsibility, at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue, is not in order.  Of course, if the question were that simple, we would not be at the impasse we have reached today.  There is honest, deeply held disagreement on whether we should go forward with any experiment in a line-item veto.  Everyone of us in the Senate, and every citizen of this country, should be grateful for Senator Byrd's tireless efforts to remind us of the historical significance and constitutional implications of the step we are contemplating here.  But I would like to make two points in defense of separate enrollment line-item veto legislation.  First, our Constitution was intended to be flexible enough to adjust to a variety of new circumstances. Within the limits I believe are rightly imposed in this case--a statutory change, with a built-in sunset provision, in the year 2000--we should be willing to make incremental adjustments in our procedures that have some prospect of promoting our shared goal of deficit reduction and more responsible budgeting.  Second, Mr. President, it could be argued that by enrolling each element in our spending bills separately, we are restoring a historical relation between the President and Congress, a relationship that took a new course when we began to write appropriations bills that lumped hundreds, even thousands, of items of spending together.  I am pleased that some of my colleagues have cited arguments I made several years ago in the Judiciary Committee in defense of the constitutionality of the separate enrollment approach.  It is my considered opinion that this approach can survive any court challenge on constitutional grounds. I am persuaded that the Congress may choose--as it will, if we accept this legislation--its own procedure for enrolling and presenting legislation to the President. There is nothing inappropriate about choosing to present our bills to the President in a way that will expose them to the same veto power that he has always possessed.  I must stress, Mr. President, that I do have some concern about the difference between S. 4, the proposal before us today, and S. 137, the version I cosponsored this year and--with one exception--identical to the bill I introduced a decade ago with Senator Mattingly.  That difference is in the level of detail that is required of the bills that we will send separately to the President. The version that I have consistently supported required the separate enrollment of numbered items or unnumbered paragraphs.  To use one example, one of those items or paragraphs might include the budget for veterans' construction projects. Under the versions I have consistently supported, the President could veto that element of the Veterans' Affairs, Housing and Urban Development, independent agencies appropriations bill, rather than the whole bill.  Now, some of my colleagues have expressed concern that the new requirement, added in S. 4, that Congress has to include additional detail, detail that could, to continue my example, include specific construction projects at specific veterans' hospitals in specific States.  The temptation for a President to use the line-item veto to extort concessions, or to punish transgressions, may be greater under this new formulation than under the legislation I have supported in the past.  Mr. President, we still retain the authority to determine the level of detail that we include in our committee reports, and thus the level of detail that will be required under S. 4.  And again, Mr. President, the new process we will adopt here today is not a constitutional change, but a statutory one, and a statutory change with a date certain--5 years from now--when its authority automatically ends.  Now, I supported a quicker sunset of line-item veto power in the versions that I cosponsored, this year and in the past. But I am satisfied that we have built in sufficient safeguard to give this experiment a chance to succeed--or to fail.  Because of the sunset provision, we have reserved the right to reverse this decision if the anticipated benefits of this bill do not outweigh its potential costs.  Its benefits, I believe, will come not only in the form of reduced spending; in these times, any money saved is important, but we should not expect this to affect deficits in any fundamental way.  Its benefits are likely to be more subtle, in the reduction of spending programs that can't pass the ``laugh test''--that would be laughed at if they were exposed to public ridicule.  That is the real promise of this line-item veto bill, that it will improve, at the margin, the quality, as well as the quantity, of our spending decisions.  Mr. President, a major improvement of this proposal over earlier line-item veto proposals is that it includes those programs that spend money through the Tax Code--what we call tax expenditures, and what everyone else knows as loopholes.  This is an approach I supported when I cosponsored Senator Bradley's separate enrollment bill this year.  This is a substantial and far-reaching line-item veto proposal that we will vote on this afternoon. And we must recognize that it will grant power to the President that he does not have today.   [[Page S4479]] Again, I prefer the language of S. 137, Senator Bradley's separate enrollment bill, defining just what a tax expenditure is. And I supported Senator Bradley's attempt to clarify the tax expenditure definition in S. 4, that could be open to ``back-loaded'' tax cuts that lose revenue more than 5 years in the future.  But the debate here on the Senate floor has convinced me that the language of S. 4 covers real tax loopholes, both the narrowest gimmicks and the broadest, that are such a drain on the Federal Treasury.  Mr. President, at the heart of S. 4 is the traditional veto power that the President has always possessed. The change that this bill will bring about is a change in the way we choose to send our bills to the President.  I have no doubt that this will shift some influence over spending priorities to the Executive; this is, of course, one purpose of the line-item veto--to exchance executive budget authority, and to put the Congress on notice that our spending proposals will be exposed to an additional level of scrutiny.  This may well add to the President's influence on the legislative agenda, and, at the extreme, could provide a President with the temptation to use the line-item veto to threaten or to retaliate against Members of Congress.  If some future President chooses to make such use of this new budget tool we offer him, then we will take it away.  In the end, should we not examine each of our spending decisions individually? Should we not subject our spending plans to the closest possible scrutiny, down to presenting them separately to the President?  In the face of the deficit problem we now confront, and in the face of corrosive public cynicism about our ability to get our houses in order, Mr. President, do we want to send the message that business as usual is good enough for us?  In passing S. 4, we will take more care with our spending decisions, and in a small but important way, end business as usual.  