 Again, I hope that occurs because, look, most of us on this floor want serious regulatory reform. This is not a debate about whether or not we want regulatory reform. No one can argue, that the original bill out of the Governmental Affairs Committee was not significant regulatory reform. I am for it. I was for it then. I am for it now.  So this is not a debate about whether or not we have significant regulatory reform, whether or not we are going to satisfy purists, whether or not we want to be bird lovers of America, to be happy with what we do. That is not my objective. My objective is to make sure that we do not unintentionally or intentionally undo the one success story of America, the one thing I can turn to and tell my kids beyond the fact that black children can now go to school with white children in my State which was segregated by law. I can literally take them through the county where I live and say, ``I could not swim there when I was your age. You can now.'' I can tell them and take them in the neighborhood I was raised in and say, ``I can walk out in the morning anywhere in this development where you live and work and breathe the air.'' They do not now have to breathe in oil. They can turn on their windshield wipers and the windshield is clear.  I can point out to them that the Brandywine River, Christiana River, the Delaware River, and people sail on it now. When we were kids, there were big signs saying we could not do it. I can take them to the beaches, the pristine beaches of my State and say, ``You can swim anywhere any time and you don't have to worry about medical waste rolling up here.'' I can point to them and tell them that you no longer take what they took up until 12 years ago--garbage less than 1 mile out from the shores of my area--and dump it so it washes in.  The environmental story in America has been a success story even with this aberration. I want to tell you, if my friends are as concerned, as I hope they are, about the environment as well as the aberration, I hope they will make clear these ambiguities. Maybe the Senator from Michigan and I are wrong about what the legislation says. But they can clear it up. They can clear it up very quickly for us and put to rest any of those steps.  I yield the floor.  