Chairman, I rise to thank a number of people here tonight. I thank the chairman of our committee, the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bliley], and the gentleman from Colorado [Mr. Dan Schaefer]. Without their leadership, we would not see this bill to the floor this evening.  I also want to thank, on the other side of the aisle, the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Dingell], the ranking member, and the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Hall], who have been terrific. I, too, share in thanking the two gentlemen from Nevada, who have been very good debaters, they have been very persistent, they have made us do our homework for sure, and they have been very tough. I appreciate that, as well.  I also thank the gentleman from New York [Mr. Towns], my coauthor, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hastert], the gentleman from Idaho [Mr. Crapo], and the 165 Members of the House that have cosponsored the bill. We have heard tonight that it passed our committee 43 to 3. We passed it by about the same margin in the last Congress, as well.  Nuclear power, the decision for nuclear power, was made many decades ago. Part of that strategy was always that the Federal Government would be responsible for the permanent storage of the high-level nuclear waste. That was part of the equation. That is what this bill does. It in essence moves it to one safe place.  Today we have about 100 different nuclear reactor sites around the country. Every single one of them is in a sensitive environmental area, whether it be on the Great Lakes, whether it be on the Chesapeake Bay. Whether it be rivers, streams, or oceans, they are all very sensitive. Our ratepayers have put in some $12 billion into the Nuclear Waste Trust Fund, of which about $6 billion has been spent in Yucca Mountain.  Yes, we have detractors, certainly our two colleagues from Nevada, and the opponents of nuclear power as well. But that nuclear decision was made before I was in high school. About 20 percent of our power today comes from nuclear energy, and if we turned off that power tonight, we would still have to deal with the issue of what to do with the high-level nuclear waste. That is what this bill does.  Today in this country we have 10 sites that have run out of room. They have reracked their rods, they have built these lead-lined cement cannisters that are literally stacked in the dunes of Lake Michigan and other places around the country, because they have run out of room. They did not have anyplace to put it. Next year we are going to have 27 more reactors run out of room. It is time for this Congress to act, to send it to one safe place.  Yucca Mountain, Mr. Chairman, I have been there. It is adjacent to where we have conducted underground, uncontained nuclear testing for almost 50 years. When this bill gets enacted, and it will, nuclear waste will be in a contained spot. It will be monitored. It is going to be in a place that will be deemed safe by the scientists.  The record shows we have had some 2,400 shipments across the country to the existing nuclear facilities today, and 1,300 tons of nuclear material in fact was shipped without a single release, not a single release of nuclear material in all of those shipments. They did not mine that nuclear stuff in the dunes of Lake Michigan, they had to ship it there. When they shipped it there, the record was perfect.  This is a bipartisan bill. It has been that from the beginning. I thank the Republicans and Democrats, and ask them to vote in favor of this bill.  Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 1270, the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1997. I introduced H.R. 1270 earlier this year with Representatives Towns, Hastert, Crapo and 55 other original cosponsors. It is designed to address our national problem with high-level nuclear waste by providing workable solutions for managing spent nuclear fuel. The total number of cosponsors has already reached 165 Members of the House. Similar legislation passed the Senate in April by a vote of 65-34.  As a by-product of nuclear power, high-level nuclear waste currently rests in spent fuel pools and canisters at locations across the country. They are not, however, at a secure, central location like our Government agreed to build.  Behind chainlink fences along the Chesapeake, on cement pads a stone's throw from the Great Lakes, near our neighborhoods and our schools, nuclear waste is now a problem forced upon States, counties, and townships due to the Federal Government's blatant shirking of their responsibility--a failure that has cost taxpayers over $12 billion.  In my district in southwest Michigan, nuclear waste currently sits in a dry cask on a cement pad 100 yards from Lake Michigan. The site is less than 5 miles from an elementary school with 800 students. Now, I will say right away that the site is safe and secure--But it was not meant for long-term storage. I would rather have nuclear waste permanently stored at an isolated and remote location than at over 80 sites around the country.  I have a message to those Members who are concerned about the transportation of spent nuclear fuel; it's been transported for 30 years and according the Nuclear Regulatory Commission,       The safety record for spent nuclear fuel shipments in the      U.S. and in other industrialized nations is enviable. Of the      thousands of shipments completed over the last 30 years, none      has resulted in an identifiable injury through release of      radioactive materials.  NRC statistics show that over 1,300 tons of spent fuel was shipped in the United States from 1979 through 1995. This was accomplished through a mix of shipments on highways and rail.  For a little background, in 1982 Congress passed and the President signed the Nuclear Waste Policy Act. It was later amended in 1987 but its goal remained simple and steamlined--the Federal Government agreed to accept responsibility for the proper management and disposal of defense and civilian nuclear waste. From funds collected through a tax on our electricity bills, the Government was going to build a high level repository and begin accepting waste from utility companies by January 31, 1998.  A lot has happened since the 1980's. But by the same token a lot hasn't happened--namely progress toward completing this project. The Department of Energy has spent time in court, time at the research lab, and time boring a massive hole in the side of Yucca Mountain in Nevada--the site selected to potentially house a permanent repository. Our most recent estimates, however, show this facility won't be ready to receive waste until well into the next century.  Today and tomorrow, Congress will debate a bill that provides a short term solution to this long term problem. The legislation directs the Department of Energy to continue working onthe permanent site while also temporarily stacking the waste outside what is expected to be the final resting place. Our Government should pursue a policy that puts nuclear waste behind one fence, in one location, where we can concentrate all of our resources on making sure it is safe.  Nuclear waste transcends political ideologies. As a nation, we must work together to develop a single national strategy. As a Congress, we must work together to get this solution in place.  With each passing year and each passing month, the price of nuclear waste continues to mount. Ratepayers keep paying taxes on their electricity bills to support the bottomless Nuclear Waste Fund. Without a solution in place, the burden of disposal falls back on the local utility companies, and, in turn, back squarely on the shoulders of the American consumer as they are double taxed.  Earlier this year, the Department of Energy was again assailed in the courts. 46 State agencies and 33 power companies from 36 States filed suit to force the administration to stick to the original deadline which is less than 3 months away. Obviously, we won't meet the deadline but H.R. 1270 offers some solutions because rightly so, everyone is growing tired of these costly delays. In light of these developments, I would urge the Department and the administration to work with us as this legislation moves through the congressional process, rather than throw up roadblocks.  Critics claim that Yucca Mountain is not an appropriate location for nuclear waste. Yucca is located within the Nevada Test Site, an area the size of Connecticut that since the Truman administration has been home to atmospheric nuclear test blasts and countless active and abandoned nuclear labs. Its remote, arid location is, in fact, ideally suited to store nuclear waste.  The real danger exists only in allowing our Government to break its word and expect us to look the other way. But it is difficult to look the other way on this issue when at seemingly every other turn, another community is being forced to deal with nuclear waste close to home. My colleagues and I were sent to Congress to fix the Nation's problems. Through lessons we've learned from events like the savings and loan debacle, we know that inaction only makes the situation worse.  Simply put, nuclear waste is one of the single greatest environmental issues that exist today. In turn, one would assume that it should be the single greatest concern of an administration which has campaigned on its support and defense of the environment.  We can deal effectively with this by placing nuclear waste in a suitable location in the interim. That threat can be greatly reduced still by putting in place a permanent facility. The Department of Energy must be held accountable to the U.S. Congress, and more importantly, to the U.S. taxpayers.  Key groups have come out in support of H.R. 1270 such as the National Association of Counties, Citizens Against Government Waste. Many Governors have written as well to express the need for action on this issue.  I would hope that in the same spirit and bipartisanship that we showed in reaching a balanced budget agreement, we can also move forward in passing nuclear waste legislation this year.  