Chairman, I prefer to talk about the Wolverines instead of the Cubs, I would have to say, this year.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Roemer-Ganske amendment. Before I was in the Congress, this Congress made the decision to go ahead with the space station; but when they made the decision to go ahead with it, I in fact worked at the Office of Management and Budget. And I remember well the argument that took place within the Office of Management and Budget in terms of what the cost was going to be. The suggested cost was about $8 billion. Then it was $12, then it was $15, now I understand we have spent $18 billion already. Three years ago I took to this floor and argued in support of this amendment, they were saying then that the cost was going to be $45 billion. I come today and it is $94 billion. No, that is not million, that is billion dollars.  I listened to the comments of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Ganske] today about one of the great NASA supporters of all time, Dr. van Allen, what he had to say. It is not worth the bang for the buck. I can remember talking to some of my colleagues in the past years about how this amendment or how this space station is so important for the advancement of science. They said: Fred, go back to your districts and talk to your pharmaceutical folks, talk to some of the people there and find out what this science will do.  I did. And they came back and they said, it is not worth the bang for the buck. It is not worth it; $94 billion.  Mr. Chairman, we have heard from a lot of newspapers, and some of them have suggested that we just simply vote for the continuation of this program to keep the dream alive. Well, I have to say something, that when we see a budget increase grow from $8 billion to $94 billion, it sounds more like a nightmare, it does not sound like a dream. The Taxpayers for Common Sense, the Citizens Against Government Waste all say support the Roemer amendment. As we think about our children and their future, the $5.5 trillion national debt, the almost $300 billion that we are going to spend on interest. We have to start making some tough choices. One of those is supporting this amendment.  