Chairman, reclaiming my time, I would just note as a boater myself that a foghorn one evening brought my little boat in when we could not see the beam of the lighthouse. This is an amendment that is needed. As I met with my boaters and some Coast Guard personnel even this last week in Michigan, I think that this is a very good effort to try and maintain safety along the shores of Lake Michigan. I again just want to thank my two friends for allowing this amendment to come in at such late notice.  Mr. Chairman, a few years ago, I was out sailing on Lake Michigan with a group of friends. But as the sum went down, a full and beautiful day gave wave to a sailors worst nightmare. Fog rolled in, the visibility fell, and we were lost.  After searching and searching, we finally gained our direction not because of the charts on board or the buoys in the water but thanks to the foghorn and its steady signal.  It has come to my attention that the Coast Guard is considering whether to eliminate the use of foghorns at many locations on the Great Lakes. I oppose this idea and as one who has seen first hand, know that these foghorns play a crucial role in the safety of many boaters in my district and across the region.  Many boaters have contacted my office to express concern that they will no longer be able to rely on the foghorn signal the next time they are caught on the lake in a dense cloud of fog. In order to allow people to enjoy and appreciate the water safely, we must ensure the continued operation of our navigation aids.  Foghorns are a small, but integral part of the safety net that the Coast Guard administers.  I sincerely feel that dismantling the foghorns will unnecessarily endanger the lives of my constituents who may find themselves in a similar predicament.  While many boaters have advanced navigational devices such as GPS or LORAN, the foghorn signal is still an essential device used by many. If the foghorns are dismantled, I guarantee that it will only be a matter of time before an accident occurs and lives are threatened.  Please support my amendment that will ensure that the foghorns in my district and across the Great Lakes are in working order.  