Speaker, I rise in support of the motion to deny most-favored-nation trading status.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to renewal of most-favored-nation trading status for China. I supported MFN renewal last year believing that I should try the theory of engagement for 12 months and see what happens.  Well, it's now 12 months later and what actions has the Chinese leadership undertaken. Allow me to read some headlines for some of our Nation's papers this year:  ``U.S. Confirms China Missile Safe to Iran'',  ``China called Obstinate over talks about Tibet'',  ``China Buys U.S. Computers, Raising Arms Fears'',  ``China joins forces with Iran on short-range missile''.  The United States has given the Chinese 8 years of warnings and demands for improved human rights and to stop selling weapons and advanced missile and nuclear weapons technology to rogue nations like Iran or Pakistan. It's time to act now and take decisive action. No more carrot and stick approach. Just as the United States brought pressure on the Soviet Union to allow Jews to emigrate and on South Africa to end apartheid, and on South Korea to become more democratic, we must keep up our pressure on China.  Conditioning MFN for China provides the United States with the best leverage to improve human rights and send a strong signal about its weapons sales because preferential access to the United States market is critical to China's authoritative regime. Societies based on democratic principles and respect for basic human rights and freedoms make the best neighbors and the best trading partners.  I'm aware that United States business exports to China in 1993 totalled $8.8 billion. In the meantime, China's trade surplus with the United States has grown from $6 billion in 1989 to $45 billion last year with many of the Chinese products being produced by forced labor.  While I recognize the importance of MFN renewal to my home State of Michigan and its businesses, this must be weighed with the overriding goal of trying to foster a more humane way of life for the Chinese people, particularly as it impacts the rest of the world.  Last week the Spence amendment restricting supercomputers to those countries that violate nonproliferation agreements passed by a 332 to 88 vote.  Last night, this House passed the Rohrabacher amendment restricting funds to Russia if they transfer certain missile systems.  Mr. Speaker, this is the people's House. We need to send a message to the people around this globe that human rights violations and the transfer of horrific technology-chemical and nuclear proliferation must end today.  China MFN will continue. The President has the votes, but we can send a message that this practice of so many bad things must end.  