Chairman, I rise in strong support of this bipartisan amendment which will strengthen the Office of National Drug Control Policy's, and in turn our nation's, efforts against methamphetamine--the deadliest and most devastating drug that faces our communities today. As a founding member and Co-Chair of the Congressional Caucus to Fight and Control Methamphetamine, commonly know as the Meth Caucus, I have seen our Caucus membership enrollment grow just as the meth epidemic has grown.  From a couple dozen Members representing Western states in 2001 to 140 today, the Meth Caucus membership hails from all regions of this country and across the political spectrum. Even the Senate has established their own Meth Caucus which is modeled after the House caucus. Each of these Members recognize the meth epidemic that is ravaging our communities on so many levels--from its toll on individual users, to the significant social costs it thrusts onto our law enforcement, prisons, hospitals, social and child welfare systems, and the environment.  As Mr. Chabot stated, the amendment, through commissioned studies and reports, will provide information critical to assisting the Administration and the Congress in developing necessary and up-to-date policies to address the meth epidemic. In addition, the amendment would create an online National Methamphetamine Information Clearinghouse to serve law enforcement and the broader community with a forum for sharing of ``best practices'' information regarding successful anti-meth programs and activities. These measures will only strengthen the reauthorization bill and ensure that the Federal response to the meth epidemic does not waver.  I would like to express many thanks to Congressman Souder for his support on this amendment. He has been, with his staff, relentless in their work to improve federal drug control policy and I appreciate their readiness and eagerness to involve the Meth Caucus in their activities. I also want to thank Congressman Chabot and his staff for shepherding this important amendment to the floor, and also my fellow Meth Caucus Co-Chairs, Representatives Cannon, Larsen and Boswell and their staff for their constant vigilance on thisissue and their efforts to make this one of the most proactive and effective Caucus' in the House. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the amendment and the reauthorization bill.  