Chairman, I rise today in support of the Deep Ocean Energy Resources Act. The legislation before us represents a balanced approach to expanding domestic energy production and, for the first time, givesstates an opportunity to determine what occurs along their shores.  I represent a coastal California district that includes beautiful beaches up and down the City of San Clemente's shoreline. I take the responsibility to protect those beautiful beaches seriously and I have worked with local officials over the years to do just that. I would not be supporting the bill if I did not believe it gave local and state officials the necessary authorities they need to protect our invaluable coastlines. Our coastal states deserve the right to make energy production decisions that affect their people, environment, and economy.  I also believe we must ensure that our military needs throughout the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) are accounted for and protected. Our military conducts significant training and operations in the OCS to protect our mainland and maintain readiness for future conflicts. As many of my colleagues from the Armed Services Committee know, military training and operations are under a seemingly constant threat of encroachment from many sources.  In fact, just this week a lawsuit was filed by an environmental group to prevent the Navy from conducting exercises in the Pacific Ocean. While people will undoubtedly disagree about the merits of the lawsuit, there should be no disagreement about the fact that the cumulative effect of encroachments upon our military restricts the ability of our servicemembers to protect our nation.  To that end, I believe we must enact OCS drilling policies that do not place another level of work-around restrictions on our military and require OCS leasing programs be developed with the consultation and concurrence of the Secretary of Defense. We did so in the Energy Policy Act as it relates to siting LNG facilities and we should do it again in the Deep Ocean Energy Resources Act as we develop OCS energy supply. I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Armed Services Committee and Resources Committee to ensure that any OCS drilling legislation sent to the President provides the proper and necessary authorities to protect our military ranges, training and operations.  With the July Fourth holiday just around the comer, Americans are reminded of the liberties and freedoms secured by our nation's military. There are many ways Americans can express their appreciation for our military. One way this Congress can express our appreciation is to enact policies that protect our military from unintended encroachments to military training, operations, and readiness.  