Res. 892, which recognizes the dedication of the employees at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, NASA, Michoud Assembly Facility. The end of next month is the anniversary of Hurricane Katrina's landfall on our Gulf coast. Today we celebrate the bravery exhibited by the ``Michoud Hurricane Ride-out Team,'' which saved not only the facility, but also our Nation's manned space program.   Last week, both Houses of Congress passed H. Con. Res. 448, which commended the men and women of NASA, the crew of the Space Shuttle Discovery, and NASA Administrator Mike Griffin for the successful conclusion of the second return to flight test mission--STS-121. This would not have been possible without the 38 brave members of the Michoud Ride-out Team. Many of the members of this team lost their homes and did not know the fate of their families until days after the Hurricane. They risked their lives manning generators and pumps at the Michoud Facility to protect the Shuttle's external tank program and, hence, the future of the manned space program.  Despite the facility's proximity to the center of the hurricane's destructive path, only one external tank was damaged when a concrete panel fell and bounced off the side of the tank. Despite the extensive damage to the 832-acre facility and the entire surrounding area, the Ride-out team exhibited the bravery and the pride for the importance of the space program not only to our Nation, but also to the area in Louisiana.  In September, as Chairman of the House Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee, I am planning to travel to both the Michoud Assembly Facility in Louisiana and the Stennis Space Center in Mississippi. I am looking forward to meeting some of these brave individuals, both at Michoud and at Stennis. Since I became the Chairman of this Subcommittee in 2005, I have visited 7 of NASA's 10 facilities around the country. I am looking forward to visiting and to learning even more of the importance of these NASA centers to our Nation's space program. Today, I want to extend thanks and gratitude from the American people for the outstanding work of these brave individuals at both the Michoud Assembly Facility and at the Stennis Space Center.  