Speaker, just last week we witnessed American, coalition and Iraqi forces taking the fight to the enemy by eliminating the terrorist leader of al Qaeda in Iraq. During the very same week the Iraqi people looked as their first democratically elected Prime Minister finalized his cabinet by selecting a new Minister of Defense, a new Minister of Interior, a new member of the state for national security.  The two events are clear evidence that Iraqi forces are making progress on two major fronts in the ongoing war. On one front the coalition and Iraqi forces remain in the hunt for insurgents and other groups that threaten a free and democratic Iraq. On the other front the Iraqi government continues to show encouraging signs into developing a much needed stabilizing body the country is longing for.  During my three trips to Iraq I have observed our military engaging the enemy, protecting the innocent citizens, training the Iraqi forces to make and control and support the new elected government. Despite the positive developments on the ground, we continue to hear naysayers around the world questioning the importance of the outcome in Iraq.  On the other hand, al Qaeda leadership and its terrorist network fully understand the consequences of war, calling Iraq the place for the greatest battle of the modern era.  I have a copy of a document captured from the safe House where al Zarqawi met his end. In it al Qaeda leaders lament the fact that their strategy for undermining America's resolve in Iraq is failing. They know that time, time to undermine America's resolve, time to foment a civil war, time to get media on their side, time to spread death and destruction to Iraq's neighbors is running out for them.  Ironically the document notes that al Qaeda originally saw time as being on their side in Iraq. It states time has been an element in affecting negatively the forces of occupying countries due to losses they sustain economically and in human lives which are increasing with time. However, here in Iraq, time is now beginning to be a service of the American forces and harmful to the resistance.  Winston Churchill understood the importance of resolve when a nation's interests are on the line. Winston Churchill, quote, I was only the servant of my country and had I, at any moment, failed to express her unflinching resolve to fight and conquer, I should at once have been rightly cast aside.  This body recognized that necessity when we passed the authorization of the use of military force against Iraq. While five pages long, the really vital 10 words are, ``be it resolved by the Senate and the House of Representatives.''  