I thank you very much and appreciate the gentlelady for yielding. Let me join my distinguished colleagues in expressing our deepest condolences to Don Payne's family. He was truly a remarkable man. I had the privilege of sitting next to him for about 15 years as I was the chairman or he was the chairman of the Human Rights Committee, the Africa Committee as well. I was his ranking, he was my chairman, and we always worked in a very cooperative way. We always had mutual respect, and he had such a deep compassion for the people who have suffered so much on the subcontinent of Africa.  Don Payne was quiet, but always determined. Extremely thoughtful, a humanitarian in the extreme, and he fought for so many important issues. You know, it was not a slam dunk or in any way a given that PEPFAR, the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, would become law. Don was there working in a bipartisan way to ensure that sufficient funding, sufficient authorities were given to the U.S. Agency for International Development to mount a massive effort to combat the pandemic of HIV/AIDS. He did the same thing with malaria and the Malaria Caucus, and he did the same thing with tuberculosis, which sadly is an opportunistic disease that afflicts so many people who have HIV/AIDS.  On the Sudan Peace Act, again when we were looking and working so hard to try to stop the slaughter in South Sudan, there was Don Payne working every day of the week to ensure that somehow peace would break out and the genocide would end there, as well as in Darfur.  Again, I know that he cared deeply because I was there having those conversations with him day in and day out. You know, very often in my Subcommittee on Human Rights when I chaired that and he was the ranking member, we would go on receiving testimony, debating for hours. There would be two Members left standing in the room, Don Payne and me, because he cared so deeply about human rights globally, as well as in Africa. He will be deeply missed. Again, a great man, a great friend, and his passing is mourned by everyone in this Chamber and everybody in the State of New Jersey.  God bless him, God bless his family; and thank you, Don Payne, for the great work you did in the U.S. House of Representatives.  