President, I thank the Senator for yielding.  We are in the middle of a debate we have heard over and over. I do not think I have heard anything today or yesterday that I have not heard already and we have not discussed at some length.  The Senator from New Mexico mis-characterizes the threat that exists out there. I hope we can go back and recall some of that debate because it started, in characterizing the threat, 2 years ago, when James Woolsey, who has already been identified as the CIA Director under President Clinton, who has stated that we know of between 20 and 25 nations that have or are in the final stages of developing weapons of mass destruction, either biological, chemical, or nuclear, and are developing the missile means in delivering those weapons. He said this 2 years ago.  I suggest that those who look wistfully back and say, ``Isn't it wonderful that the cold war is over,'' that the threat could very easily be, and I think it is, greater than it was during the cold war. During the cold war, we had the U.S.S.R. and the United States as two superpowers. So it made some sense to some people to come up with agreements to downgrade nuclear capability because there were only two nuclear superpowers out there. But if we are talking about 25 to 30 nations now and we establish some type of relationship with Russia, since the U.S.S.R. is no longer in existence, then we still have 25 or 30 other nations that are building up their nuclear capability at the same time we are tearing ours down.  Is the threat out there? The Russians have the SS-25, the SS-18, which is a MIRV'd missile, I think, with 10 warheads. They have the capability of launching. And North Korea's Taepo Dong II missile that the Senator from New Mexico talked about, that is something that the experts say is within 5 years--and I have heard lower figures than that--of being able to reach the United States. We are talking about technology that exists. We are talking about missiles that can reach long distances and can reach the United States from such places as China, Russia, and North Korea.  I also suggest that we do not need to talk about the gross national product of North Korea. That should not enter into this debate. I do not care what their gross national product is. If they have a Taepo Dong II missile that can reach the United States, it only takes one. Coming from Oklahoma, I can tell you, one bomb is enough.  So when you look at the threat, I think you need to consult the individuals who are the experts and the ones who said we know what capability is there.  We have had this debate already. We had this debate in 1991. We decided we would protect ourselves against the threat of a missile attack by the year 1996. Here it is 1996.  We are having this debate again. Technology has improved. As far as the Senator from New Mexico's statement about hitting a bullet with a bullet--yes, that is a difficult thing, but there is not a person in the United States who was not watching CNN during the Persian Gulf war, and we all saw Patriot bullets hitting Scud bullets. That was 5 years ago. Mr. President, we can hit a bullet with a bullet.  When you are talking about the proper function of Government, I cannot think of any function that is more significant than protecting the citizens of the United States.  We had a lot of discussion about the cost of this. I hear these figures being batted around, $30 and $60 billion. The fact is we already have somewhere between $44 and $50 billion invested in our Aegis ships. We have 22 cruisers and destroyers already floating out there with launching capability.  We want to get them upgraded so they can reach up into the upper tier and defend us against missile attack. I do not see anything un-American about that. That money has already been spent. We have that investment. We are down now to a very small amount of money that could bring us to the reality of being able to defend ourselves.  Here is Team B of the Heritage Foundation, which is made up of a lot of very knowledgeable people, such as Lt. Gen. James Abrahamson, former SDIO Director and Associate NASA Administrator, and Lt. Gen. Daniel Graham, the former Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency.  We have all of these people sitting down determining the cost of actually coming up with a system that will protect America using the Navy's Aegis system. They say it is going to be somewhere in the neighborhood of $3 billion, plus $5 billion if we are going to field the satellites we need to be able to detect where one of these missiles is launched.  To be able to use our satellites to detect a missile that is coming toward the United States will cost, according to the Heritage experts, approximately $5 billion. If you take the CBO report and look at what it really says--and they talk about the figures $31 to $60 billion--what they are talking about is if you want to buy every available missile defense technology there is.  What we are suggesting in this bill right here is that the President and the Secretary of Defense look at all the technology, look at the land-launched missiles, look at the Navy's Aegis system and space systems and pick the right combination that will defend America.  What the CBO did was to add up the cost as if we adopted everything. It is like going into a used car lot and buying every car in the lot, not just the one that is going to take care of our needs.  So the cost is not that much. If the CBO is right, and if it is between the $30 and $60 billion--let us assume it is $40 billion--that is the total cost from 1997 to the year 2010. That is 14 years. So we would be taking approximately $3 billion a year.  The Senator from North Dakota talked about the fact that there was not any real threat from North Korea. I suggest that the Senator go back and reread what Gen. Gary Luck, the United States commander in South Korea, came out and stated this year before the Armed Services Committee. He said we have very serious threats. Granted, we are talking about more of a theater missile problem there in Korea. But he said: With 37,000 Americans in South Korea, we need to start working on this system right now because we know what the Taepo Dong II missile is advancing and we know what kind of threat it will be not just to South Korea but to the United States.  So I would like, rather than to listen to someone who has very little knowledge about the technology that is available out there, to listen to those who are the experts. I also add that the experts--I was very proud of the four chiefs of the four services the other day coming out and saying that out military procurement is underfunded by $20 billion underfunded--recognizing we in America are not paying proper attention to defending America. It took a lot of courage for them to say that.  The Senator from North Dakota goes on and on talking about $60 billion, $90 billion, large sums of money, as if none of that has already been spent. I suggest, Mr. President, that the vast majority of what we need for missile defense has been spent, that we could take the amount of money that has been spent and spend about 10 percent more and have a system in place that would be able to shoot down an ICBM missile if it came toward the United States.  Coming from Oklahoma, I think I am probably a little more sensitive to what kind of a disaster can take place. I was there the day after the bombing of the Federal building in Oklahoma City. It is easy to sit here, read the accounts in the paper, maybe watch TV and not be too impressed with how personal this is. When you have a close friend whose son and daughter were in that building, were killed in that building, and they did not know it for 3 days; when you see the disaster, the millions of dollars that were lost, the half billion dollars that was identified in property damage, the 168 lives; and then you realize that the explosive power of the bomb that went off in Oklahoma City was equal to a ton of TNT, while the smallest nuclear warhead that we know about today that our intelligence community can document is 1 kiloton, a thousand times the size of the bomb that wiped out the Murrah Federal office building in Oklahoma City--I just say to those who like to keep their head in the sand, those who like to believe that there is no threat out there, a lot of the experts disagree with you. And what if you are wrong?  