It is a very frustrating thing to have knowledge of the threat that exists out there and merely because the American people are not aware of it, we are ignoring the defense of our country which I have always understood when I was growing up should have been the primary concern or function of Government, to protect its citizens.  In a few of the things that have been said by a number of those who are on the opposite side of defending America was the discussion about the threat of suitcases, of carrying around bombs, of terrorist activities. Being from Oklahoma, nobody needs to tell me about terrorist activities. I understand. It is almost as if to say that because there are crazy people out there that burn churches and carry around suitcases, we need to address that and not address the potential of an attack on the United States of America by an ICBM, armed with a warhead that can be a weapon of mass destruction, chemical, biological or nuclear. It is like saying you do not want to have car insurance because you want to have insurance on your home. You want to have a comprehensive policy that insures you against everything. There is a threat out there and I think we need to talk about that, and certainly now is the appropriate time because we have heard Senator after Senator stand up and allege there is no threat out there; the cold war is over.  It was 2 years ago that James Woolsey, who was the CIA Director under President Clinton, made a statement, and his statement 2 years ago was we know of between 20 and 25 nations that either have or are in the final stages of completing weapons of mass destruction, biological, chemical or nuclear, and are working on the missile means to deliver those weapons.  That was 2 years ago. He updated that statement and said there are somewhere closer to 30 nations now. Let us look at who those nations are, the type of people, the mentality of those individuals who are potentially armed with this type of destruction, countries like Iraq and Iran and Libya and Syria, North Korea, China, Russia, countries where just not too long ago, for example, Saddam Hussein, a guy who murdered his own grandchildren, made the statement back during the Persian Gulf war that if we had waited 5 more years to invade Kuwait, we would have had the capability of sending a weapon of mass destruction to the United States.  Well, here it is. It is now 5 years later. So let us assume that some of these guys might be right. They come up and they say, well, we do not want to do it because it might in some way affect adversely the ABM Treaty. The ABM Treaty was put together back in 1972, and we cannot say this was done in a Democrat administration. It was not. I am a Republican. Richard Nixon was a Republican. Henry Kissinger, I assume, was a Republican. At least he worked for a Republican. And he put together a plan. The ABM Treaty at that time was designed to address the problem of two superpowers in the world environment. Those superpowers were the U.S.S.R. and the United States, and so they put together a plan that said we will restrict our nuclear capability bilaterally.  So let us assume that they would do it. I never believed they would. Let us assume they would. If you bring that up to today, there is no longer a U.S.S.R. It is now Russia. Let us assume that Russia would agree to stepping into this issue as the former U.S.S.R. And live up to the expectation of the ABM Treaty. What about these other 25 or 30 nations out there?  Let us assume that the United States and Russia are downgrading their nuclear capability. At the same time what is Iraq doing? What is China doing? What are the other countries doing? They are certainly not a part of this treaty.  It was brought out by one of the Senators in the Chamber a few minutes ago that these people are not part and parcel to the treaty so they could continue to increase their nuclear capability, the weapons of mass destruction, and their capability to develop a missile means of delivering them.  If we do not want to take the word of somebody who is not here as to how significant and how applicable today is the policy of a mutually assured destruction, listen to what Henry Kissinger said just the other day. I had lunchwith him. I asked him if I could quote him. He said yes. His statement was, ``It is nuts to make a virtue out of our vulnerability.'' And that is exactly what we are doing. Let us for a minute talk about the cost. I have never heard anyone throw around figures like I have heard in the Chamber of the Senate--talking about another $30 billion to $60 billion. The CBO estimate of $30 to $60 billion over 14 years was taking every system that is out there right now and saying we want to deploy all of these systems by a date in the future.  No one has ever suggested that. Right now, we are talking about in this bill looking at what options are there. Let us take the Aegis system. We have a $40 to $50 billion investment in 22 ships that are floating out there right now. They have missile launching capability. They are there. They are already bought and paid for. We need to spend about $4 billion more to give that system capability of reaching up into the upper tier and giving us a defense from an attack of a missile that might be coming from North Korea or from someplace else. In that, we already have an investment. Mr. President, 90 percent of it is already paid for. We have some estimates here that were made by the team B of the Heritage Foundation. That is made up of people like Hank Cooper, the former director of the Strategic Defense Initiative, and several others. All of them are acknowledged experts. No one has ever questioned their credibility. They say that a Navy-wide area defense system on Aegis cruisers would cost between $2 and $3 billion over the next 6 years, plus $5 billion for a sensor satellite.  We are talking about, now, not $70 billion, we are talking about somewhere in the neighborhood of $7 to $8 billion over the next 6 years. So let us get this in perspective. Let us assume there could be some truth to the statements that these experts like James Woolsey are making, and, in fact, the threat is out there. Let us assume the Russians already have one.  This morning in a speech on the floor I used several articles, four or five of them. I wish I had them with me now. I did not think this subject would come up again. But we talked about how China is now selling technology to Pakistan, how Syria and Libya have a new, cozy arrangement with each other.  Here is an article right here that I did not use. The headline of this article, found in the Washington Times, dated May 20, ``China's arsenal gets a Russian boost. Deal for ICBM technology a threat to U.S., classified Pentagon report says.''  Then it says:       China, under the guise of buying space launchers, is      enhancing its strategic arsenal with technology and parts      from Russia's most lethal intercontinental ballistic missile,      the SS-18, [that is the MIRV'd missile with 10 warheads] says      a classified Pentagon intelligence report.  Further quoting,       Incorporating the SS-18-related military guidance or      warhead technologies into China's strategic missile forces      would greatly improve Beijing's ability to threaten targets      in the United States. . .  Now, that is in a confidential report that so far no one has refuted. Let us keep in mind that was about the time that a high Chinese official said--during the time they were experimenting with missiles in the Strait of Taiwan, the Chinese were conducting experiments--they said, ``We don't have to worry about the United States coming to their aid because they,'' the United States, ``would rather protect Los Angeles than they would Taipei.''  I would characterize that at the very least as an indirect threat at the United States. It is like the Senator from South Carolina said, the honorable chairman of this committee, he said, ``We are being held hostage.'' Threats like this: ``They are not going to do that, because if they do that we will go after them.'' Do they have the capability? According to the reports, yes, they have the capability.  So I just think we need to look at this in terms of the costs that have been grossly, dramatically inflated into something that is totally unrealistic--the constant use of terms like ``star wars'' and other things to put this into some kind of fiction environment so people will think this thing is not real.  Keep in mind what was started in 1983 and was right on target all the way up through about last year, when the President vetoed the DOD authorization bill from last year, and in his veto message said he did not want to spend any more money on a national missile defense system. In light of that, since that has happened, we have probably had more threats that have come to the United States than we have at any other time.  We have talked about the cost. I am from Oklahoma. The cost of the damage that was done to the building itself in Oklahoma City was $500 million, half a billion dollars. That is just a drop in the bucket as to the total cost. The bomb that caused so much damage in Oklahoma had the power of 1 ton of TNT. The smallest nuclear warhead known at the present time is 1 kiloton, 1,000 times bigger than that bomb.  So I would like to have anyone, any of these Senators who seem to be so passive in their interest in protecting ourselves from a missile attack, to stop and look and remember, recall what happened in Oklahoma City on April 19 of last year and multiply that by 1,000. It does not have to be just in New York City. It does not have to be in Los Angeles. It could happen in North Dakota, it could happen in Nebraska, or anywhere.  I will conclude by saying if all these experts say the threat is out there, if all of them say the Taepo Dong 2 missile will have the capability of reaching the United States by the year 2000, and there are missiles in existence today that can already reach us, and this missile technology is permeating all the way through the various countries like Iraq, Iran, Syria, Libya, Pakistan and other nations, if this is out there, just ask the question--we are talking about $300 million right now. We are talking about $300 million, far less than just the damage to the building in Oklahoma City. Ask yourself the question: What if we are wrong?  I challenge any of those on the other side of the aisle who want to take this money and put it into social programs, to ask themselves: What good are these social programs if we were wrong on this, on our estimate as to the extent of the capability of these countries to reach the United States?  I see this as a very difficult time for us. It is difficult because it is very difficult for us to convey to the American people the truth, and the truth is, we have threats from many, many nations now. It is something that we should have as our single highest priority in this body, and that is to protect the lives of Americans. That is what we are attempting to do.  I said this morning I am supporting this bill. I think we got the very most we could out of a defense authorization bill. It is still not adequate. We should be moving forward in a more rapid pace to put ourselves in a position to spend this other 10 percent of the investment we have already spent and give ourselves some type of defense for a missile that comes over, outside the atmosphere, to the United States. The technology is there. We saw it during the Persian Gulf war. We know you can knock down missiles with missiles. This is our opportunity to go forward with this program in a very minimum that we must do to fulfill our obligation to the American people.  Last, let us look at this in terms of a nonpartisan or bipartisan priority. Back during the years that John Kennedy was President of the United States, regarding our budget to run the entire Government of the United States, 60 percent of that was on defense, 17 percent on human services. Today, approximately 17 percent is on defense and 60 percent on human services. I think we have this completely turned around. This is our opportunity to try to get back on track to making America strong again, defending ourselves against a very serious threat.  I yield the floor.  