President, Vance Air Force Base continues to be the preeminent pilot training base within the Department of the Air Force. Unfortunately, the Department of the Air Force has historically underfunded this installation in its military construction request. I have brought to your attention three projects which will assist Vance in meeting its infrastructure needs in the future. These projects include a base engineering complex, a consolidated logistics complex, and a project to add to and alter the Physical Fitness Training Center. It is my belief that planning and design funds for these projects, if identified, will allow the Department of the Air Force and Air Education and Training Command to consider these projects for inclusion in the fiscal year 1998 budget request.  I might point out to the distinguished chairman that these projects have wide support elsewhere in Congress. The Senate Committee on Appropriations' fiscal year 1997 military construction appropriations bill directs that not less than $1,695,000 be made available for design of these projects from the ``Military Construction, Air Force'' account. Moreover, the House National Security Committee's fiscal year 1997 Defense authorization bill ``directs the Secretary of the Air Force [to] conduct planning and design activities for the following projects: $288,000 for a physical fitness training center at Vance Air Force Base, OK; and $512,000 for a consolidated logistics complex at Vance Air Force Base, OK.'' Finally, the House Appropriations Military Construction Subcommittee's markup of the fiscal year 1997 appropriations bill directs the Air Force ``to report to the committee on the need for these projects and its plans for construction by September 16, 1996.''  Can the Chairman assure me that he will work with me to ask the Air Force to consider identifying funds for reprogramming in the coming months for planning and design purposes for these projects, which are so crucial to the future of Vance Air Force Base?  