President, it is not my intention to offer an amendment at this time, as I told the Senator from Oregon, but just to make a brief statement about the concern that I have with the bill in hopes that, when you come up with the management amendments, you will include the proposed amendment as a part of those. It should be noncontroversial. I cannot imagine anyone would be opposed to it.  Back in the 100th Congress, which is the year I was first elected to the other body, they passed Public Law 100-440, in that they made the requirement that the General Services Administration be required to hire up to, and maintain an average of, 1,000 full-time Federal positions for the full-time Federal Protective Officers. These are the people who serve as security in Federal buildings. Both the House and Senate versions have language that would take that section out.  When the Murrah Federal Office Building in Oklahoma was bombed, they, the GSA, had only provided security of one individual. It was from a company called Rent-A-Cop. That Rent-A-Cop individual, one individual, had to cover that building and several other buildings.  While it can never be known if the tragedy could have been averted, it is the opinion of the police officers from whom the American Federation of Government Employees solicited comments that any trained FPO would have noted the parked rental vehicle which carried the bomb and immediately raised questions about its presence.  It is also the opinion of the law enforcement community that the physical presence of FPO's at the Murrah Building would have served as a major deterrent to those who might have been contemplating committing that crime.  The current ratio is something in the neighborhood of one officer for every 21 buildings. If they complied with this, the GSA, they should have reached a ratio of 1 per 8 by 1992. They did not do this. I think, if we repeal this section, it is sending the wrong message out, saying we want to be more lenient in terms of protection in Federal buildings.  So I have an amendment that would merely delete that particular section that would repeal Public Law 100-440, section 10, and would allow the GSA to continue and encourage them to go ahead and comply with the law they should be complying with right now. That would be the intent. I only ask the two managers of the bill, when themanagers' amendments come up, that they give serious consideration to this.  