President, I have been watching and listening with a great deal of interest to the debate on term limits. I think there are a lot of us who believe that, regardless of the arguments that come forth on term limits, there are not many minds that will be changed in this Chamber. But many of us have been concerned about the term limits issue long before we got to Congress. I know I became interested in it back in the 1970's, long before I was a Member of Congress.  I think a lot of the reason is that you look and you see the things that are going on in this country, and you see that there is a necessity to change the way we have been doing business.  One argument that has not been used during the course of this debate, that I have heard anyway, is the argument that if we had term limits, it would deter a lot of people from getting into a legislative position for perhaps the wrong reasons. I think quite often people with whom I have served who came here to Congress directly out of college never really had a real job in terms of the real world and did not have any idea of how tough it was out there.  I look at a lot of the things that passed, such as the deficit that has piled up over the years. Certainly, in my position, I look at this as if this is a moral issue, and it is not going to be changed until we are able to change the type of individuals that serve here.  We have excellent people serving here in Congress, but the thing that has always been a problem with me is that people who come to Congress, never having been exposed to the realworld, have a different set of values and have a different outlook on life than we have.  I would agree with some of the previous speakers that we ought to have a situation in America where Members of Congress should all have to go out and make a living under the laws that they pass, and we would not have these problems.  Someone not too long ago said that we have an overregulated society here. We certainly do. It is overregulation which mostly came about by people who have been in Congress for their entire adult life. This is something that can be changed.  I am not optimistic that anything is going to happen with this today. But I will say this. There is going to be a record that will be established so that people who are running for office will know that the public will know how they stand on this very contentious issue. Over in the other body, in the House of Representatives, there is a Contract With America; 9 of the 10 items were passed over there. The tenth one that was not passed was term limitation.  I believe it is something that is very healthy for our system, something that we all need to get on the record, and I think we will have that opportunity today. I believe that is in the best interest of this country.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  