I am glad to have an opportunity to talk about this. I certainly agree with the Senator from Alabama when he talks about the situations that come up.  I do not know why it is that people will not read a little history. In three decades in the last 100 years we have dramatically increased our revenues by reducing marginal tax rates. Of course, the last one that was the most obvious, the first one in our lifetime, was John Kennedy when he said we have to have more revenue, and to get more revenues we will reduce the tax rates. It worked. Of course, it happened again in the 1980's.  Again, the problem we have with a number of bureaucracies, and certainly the IRS is probably the best example to use, is they have so much power and they are able to use that power to whip people into submission.  I have several cases I will share with you, Mr. President. An IRS case, one William Pell Thompson, an Air Force captain based in Montana was expecting a modest $104 tax refund for 1995. Instead he was told by the IRS that his $104 had been seized for back child support payments in North Carolina where he was accused of owing $6,700 that soon would be taken from his wages. Captain Thompson has never lived in North Carolina, had only two children by his first and only wife, to which he was still happily married. Captain Thompson was awaiting transfer to Colorado Springs in which he was unable to get the credit to buy a home and a number of things that happened that really were destructive in his life.  Here is a story that was testimony before a Senate subcommittee. Rather than go into the details, I will read the letter, a suicide note that was given by a man named Council. His wife's name was Kay. This is the letter:       My Dearest Kay: I have taken my life in order to provide      capital for you. The IRS and its liens which have been taken      against our property illegally by a runaway agency of      our government have dried up all sources of credit for us.      So I have made the only decision I can. It is purely a      business decision. You will find my body on the lot of the      north side of the house.  She eventually won a Federal court ruling and she and her husband owed the IRS nothing.  I got off the phone a few minutes ago and there is a guy in Tulsa, Mr. President, named Iliff. He rebuilds airplanes. In fact, a couple years ago I flew an airplane around the world emulating the flight of Wiley Post. He is the one who rebuilt the aircraft for me that had been previously wrecked.  In 1994--and I know this guy real well, and his family--we were contacted by Chuck Iliff regarding a problem his mother, Edna Faye Iliff, a 90-year-old widow from Muskogee, OK, was having with the IRS. The IRS was pursuing a case against his brother, a self-employed boilermaker.  What had happened here was Mrs. Iliff, who is a widow, had failing health. She had a small savings of some $3,600 she put in her account, but she allowed her two sons to have their names on the account in the event something happened to her so they could get at the money without having serious problems.  The IRS came along and seized her account because they felt they had a case against the son of failing to pay withholding taxes. They actually got that money from Mrs. Iliff, a 90-year-old widow. Later on they found they were wrong, and they were able to get back--at a cost to the Iliffs of $1,600--that $3,600 back, and there is no interest that was paid.  What I can say is there are a lot of people in Government that are very good people. Unfortunately, the more power you give to someone, the greater the propensity to abuse that power. As Lord Acton said, ``absolute power corrupts absolutely.''  It is not just the IRS. We have a case in Tulsa, Jimmy Dunn, Mill Creek Lumber Co., called and said, ``Inhofe, the EPA has put me out of business.'' I said, ``What did you do wrong?'' And he said, ``I don't think I did anything wrong. I have been selling in our small family-owned lumber company, our used crankcase oil to the same contractor for 20 years.'' He said that contractor was licensed by the Federal Government, the State of Oklahoma, the county of Tulsa, and yet they have traced some of that oil from 10 years ago that went to the Double Eagle Superfund site, and now I have a letter in front of me which he read from the Administrator of the EPA that said, ``We are going to come after you for fines of $25,000 a day.''  Now, obviously, they did not do it, but the whole idea is many people in the bureaucracy consider it their job and they seem to enjoy abusing normal, honest, taxpaying citizens. These cases with the IRS just point out that not only are we an overtaxed society, we are paying too much in taxes, the American families are having to pay too much, but the way in which it is collected is also abusive.  I am hoping--and we have made several proposals, Mr. President, the Republican Party, some call it a flat tax, some talk about having a VAT tax to replace income taxes altogether--something will come along and we will be able to propose and pass that. We know if we pass it with this Republican Congress that now the President will veto it. We have heard that over and over again. I am hoping we will be able to be successful in changing the personality in the White House so we can get real tax reform and the abusive practices of many of the bureaucracies off the backs of the honest taxpaying American citizens.  I yield the floor.  