President, like the Senator from Indiana, this is kind of a preview to coming attractions. I plan tomorrow to spend some time on the floor talking about one of the most serious issues we have been addressing here in the U.S. Senate, that is, the issue of partial-birth abortion.  As I was listening to the Senator from Indiana, the statements he made, it occurred to me that if we made one mistake during this entire debate, it has been to refer to this as an abortion, because most people think of abortions as something that is taking place prior to the time that, in their own minds, a fetus becomes a human being. I suggest that everyone has to make that decision as to when human life begins. I made my decision many years ago.  But I think when you deal with something as barbaric as a procedure such as the partial-birth abortion, you have to understand that this is something that happens at a time and can happen during a normal birth process.  I know the occupant of the Chair recently went through an experience when his wife delivered a new child. I am happy to tell you, Mr. President, that on Friday of this week, I will have my fourth grandchild, so I know something about this, too.  I remember so well, and I will be referring to this tomorrow, an experience I had about January of this year when we had the birth, at that time, of my third grandchild. My daughter called me up and said, ``Daddy, would you like to come over and come into the delivery room?'' Of course, back when we were having babies they would not let you in the same hospital, let alone the same delivery room. I remember so well when the baby was born, baby Jason was just a tiny, beautiful thing, and it had not been more than a minute since his first breath and she handed this baby to me, and I thought, this is just about the time this procedure has been customarily used; if only people knew what was happening, the fact that an incision would be made into the back of the head in a baby that is three-fourths of the way already born in this world, open up the head, and place a catheter and suck the brains out and the skull collapses. It is barbaric. It is a procedure that we have to do something about in this country.  I had occasion to ride back to Oklahoma with one of my fellow delegates, a Member of Congress, Tom Coburn, a medical doctor. Tom Coburn, Member of the House of Representatives, described this, because he saw this procedure take place one time. He said it was nightmarish.  Last Monday, I had occasion to be in a number of cities and small towns in Oklahoma, having a series of town meetings, places, Mr. President, you have never heard of, like Durant, OK, and Idabel, OK, and Pontotoc, OK. There was not one place where they did not bring up in the course of this meeting: Are you really going to do something back there like the House did, do away with this procedure? Well, when I told them that the votes were not there and that President Clinton had vetoed our attempt to make this procedure illegal, it became, all of a sudden, a character question on him: Why would he do that? I have no way of answering that.  Tomorrow I will present over 15,000 signatures of people from Oklahoma and the comments they have made, over 15,000 people who are saying: Whatever you do, override the veto as the House of Representatives did.  As I have served here and I see people who want to retain a medical procedure that allows this method of taking the life of a small baby and I think of the people who are behind this, and you know what the baby is going through, because tomorrow I will read a report that will lead you to the incontrovertible conclusion that a baby, even in the first trimester, feels and senses the same pain that you feel, Mr. President, or anyone else in this Chamber, or any baby that is fully born and out and breathing today.  It occurred to me when the distinguished Senator from Indiana, Senator Coats, was talking a few minutes ago and he talked about if this were happening in another country we would be invoking sanctions, we would be talking about how this might affect trade, talking about economic aid. I would go a step further than the Senator from Indiana. I would say if this had been happening, if this procedure were legal and taking place in an animal, a dog or a cat, those same people who are trying to keep this medical procedure in our law would be picketing back and forth outside our Senate offices.  Tomorrow we will have a chance to talk about it.  (The remarks of Mr. Inhofe pertaining to the introduction of S. 2129 are located in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.'')  