President, I had occasion to talk to a Dr. Mary Ballenger this morning. Dr. Mary Ballenger was called to do a very unpleasant thing about a year ago. My kids' dog, a Labrador, was 16 years old. She came out and had to put it to sleep because the dog had cancer and was beyond any help and was in pain.  She described and wrote down the procedure that she used to destroy the dog. It was necessary. She first injected a drug into the dog, which puts the dog into a euphoric state and is completely relaxed, and then, of course, sodium pentothal to put the dog to sleep.  I thought it was ironic, when I look at this procedure. We are so humane in the procedure that we use in putting someone to death who has committed a heinous crime for which he must be destroyed. It is the same procedure, because we are so humane in this country. Yet, we have no concern over the pain that is inflicted on a small person who is a victim of this type of a termination.  If I were to suggest that the procedure that was described by the Senator from Pennsylvania were to be used on dogs or cats, the same people who are promoting this procedure would be out there picketing.  Something has happened. Perversion has taken place in this country where we put a higher value on critters than we do human life. In fact, under our laws, it is a criminal violation if you were to kill a gray bat that is endangered. It would be a $50,000 fine or 1 year in prison.  I have a testimonial from a young lady in my State of Oklahoma. I will only use her first name. This is the testimony of Nancy. I would like you to listen very carefully, Mr. President:      Testimony of Nancy, Sent to Frank Parone of Priests for Life       I am twenty-one years old and a native of southwest      Oklahoma. Five years ago, I had a partial birth abortion. I      was 36 weeks pregnant.       I was sixteen at the time I got pregnant. I hid my      pregnancy from my mother. It wasn't hard for me to do that      because I was somewhat over weight and wearing large, baggy      clothes was already in style. My mother had always told me      that if I got pregnant, the baby would be gone. It was just      as simple as that. I knew that I had to protect my baby.       One day, my mother accidentally saw me in the shower, and I      think it was at that point, it dawned on her that I was      pregnant. My mother took me to see a friend of hers who was a      doctor. He said that the baby and I were both healthy and      doing fine. We did a sonogram, and I got to see my little boy      for the first and only time. It was so exciting. I had been      able to feel him kick and turn in my belly for a long time,      but it touched my heart to get to see him face to face. My      heart melted as the doctor pointed out him sucking his thumb.       My mother didn't speak to me for two days. I knew that my      mother was a very determined woman who would do anything to      accomplish what she wanted. Her silence really frightened me.       Then we got the call from her friend. The doctor said that      I had a hernia in my abdominal wall. If I wanted to have any      chance for a normal delivery, I had to have surgery which      wasn't easy for a pregnant woman. He recommended a doctor in      Wichita, Kansas. Little did I know that my mother, through      the doctor, had just handed my baby the death sentence.       We drove to Kansas the next day. The doctor said it      wouldn't be too painful for me because I would be asleep. All      I remember about the time just before going to sleep was a      feeling that this wasn't right. Waves of fear kept washing      over me. My mother sat there and kept saying that we had to      do what we had to do. What comforting words.       I woke up several hours later. The first thing I did was      reach for my belly. I remember screaming a lot and I couldn't      stop. My belly was flat and my baby was gone. I ripped the IV      out of my arm. The doctor ordered the nurse to restrain me. I      then remember them giving me a shot to calm me down. To this      day, I still remember the cold pain and horror I felt when I      realized what had happened.       It took several months after the abortion for the fights to      begin. Every time I wanted to talk about the situation, my      mother just turned stone silent. When she did speak, she      flipped off cliches like, ``What was done was done.'' and      ``Don't cry over spilt milk.'' More comforting words.       After one major fight, she finally did tell me that the      abortion procedure that was done was the D and X, dilation      and extraction, a partial birth abortion. I just couldn't      bear to look at my mother anymore. She had lied to me and      killed her own grandson. I just don't see how anyone could      have looked at that sweet face on the ultrasound screen and      have that baby brutally and cold-bloodedly murdered. I left      my mother's house that day, and I have never been back.       Because of the damage of the abortion, I can no longer have      any more children. I failed my children, I really failed my      little boy, I failed to protect him. And he died.       My life hasn't been the same. I cry so much for my little      boy. I never got to hold him in my arms. People made      decisions for me and took him away. I am not sure that the      hurt will ever go away.  Mr. President, this is not just someone who has talked about, third hand, the agony that is experienced by so many people. When I hear people say that this is a rare procedure, and it is not used very often, I remember the testimony of Dr. Haskell who has performed, he said, over 1,000 partial-birth abortions. And he said, ``In my particular case''--I don't know about all of them nationwide, but ``In my particular case probably 20 percent are for genetic reasons. And the other 80 percent are purely elective . . .''  Since my time is about up, I would like to repeat something that I heard this morning, Mr. President, that perhaps puts a sense of urgency on this. At a prayer breakfast this morning there were a number of people who prayed. One was Rev. Herb Lusk from Pennsylvania who described this procedure as ``an unrighteous act.'' The next was Cardinal Belivacqua. He said, ``If we don't respect life, then what is left to respect?'' Then Rabbi Daniel Lapin said, ``We must defy this monstrous evil.''  But it was when Dr. James Dobson said his prayer that it first occurred to me, when he said, ``You know, you folks on the floor are going to be speaking for those who are not here today and cannot speak for themselves. You will be speaking in their behalf.''  That is what we are looking at right now, Mr. President. I do agree with Charles Colson who said on his prison fellowship broadcast, ``The vote is the most significant of my lifetime, and is about life itself, about who will live and who will die.''  I honestly believe, Mr. President, this is the most significant character vote in the history of this institution.  