I also rise to oppose this amendment. I have to ask the question, what is this obsession that we seem to have around this place for cutting the military, for putting ourselves in a defenseless posture?  I am just shocked every time this discussion comes up, and hardly a day comes by when there is not talk about this. It is interesting that a President who ran on a balanced budget, ran on a strong national defense, ran on all of these things, wants to cut only defense. He has increased spending in everyother program. The only area where he has suggested, in his budget, he wants dramatic cuts is in defense.  When he promised, prior to the 1994 budget, that he was going to ask for $62 billion, he ended up asking for $48 billion. For the 1995 budget, he promised he would ask for $55 billion and he only asked for $46 billion.  The Senator from Maine talked about the various missions that are taking place around the world today. I opposed it even back during the Republican administration, in December 1992, when we sent troops to Somalia, even though they sent them over for 90 days and they did not come back until after 18 of our troops were murdered and their corpses were dragged through the streets of Mogadishu. I opposed sending troops there then. I opposed sending troops to Bosnia. I opposed sending troops to Haiti. Not because I am not compassionate, not because I am not concerned for the plight of these people all around the world, it is just we do not have the military assets to go out and take care of all these social problems around the world and be able to defend ourselves.  So I think we have a twofold problem here. We are dramatically reducing, year after year after year, our military budget, and at the same time we are taking on additional responsibilities. Currently, we have more troops deployed around the world than we have had at any other time that is supposedly nonwartime, and we have taken huge cuts in our defenses. Since 1985--this is 12 years--for 12 consecutive years we have taken cuts in our Nation's defense.  What makes it even worse, it was pointed out by the Senator from Maine, our defense spending has fallen 41 percent since 1985. It is really worse than that, because procurement has dropped 72 percent since 1985. So, if overall defense spending has dropped 41 percent, procurement 72 percent, that is where the modernization is, that is where the new equipment is, that is where the accounts are that make us competitive. We have watched, year after year--1985, $405 billion using 1997 dollars, down to roughly $250 billion. We cannot afford any more cuts.  One of the things that has been stated is that the Pentagon did not make these requests. It is interesting, I heard not more than a month ago when we had testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee--it was also before the House committee--that we had the four Chiefs all in agreement that we have to have an additional $20 billion in our readiness account in order to be competitive. Yet, that is the first time I can remember in my recollection of American history when the Chiefs themselves came out and said, ``No, the President is wrong. We are sorry. He is the Ccommander in Chief, but we are the ones responsible for protecting America, and we are not able to do it.''  Look what has happened. You want to talk about administrations? During the Democratic administration of 1961, President Kennedy, in the percentage of the total budget, 50 percent was for defense, 16 percent for social spending. Now it is just reversed: 17 percent for national defense, 60 percent for social spending.  The areas where we are going to be suffering are the very areas that affect our troops that are in combat situations, preparing for combat situations--quality of life, black boxes for aircraft. Time and time again I get in 141's and 130's and I look down there--I have been a commercial pilot for 40 years, and I look down and see they actually have equipment I have not seen in 20 years. We are sending our people out without GPS's, a very inexpensive piece of equipment. It is because we are cutting down those procurement accounts to a level that we are not going to adequately take care of those individuals who are in the field.  I would just make one more comment about what has been said over and over again on the floor. It was said most recently by the very distinguished Senator from Illinois, that this amendment is still $3 billion more than the Pentagon requested. All I can say is, I hope all of America knows--certainly we know in this body here--that the President speaks for the Pentagon. He is the one, and they carry out his orders. But when you stop and ask the Joint Chiefs of Staff, or the Chiefs of the services--I will quote right here, ``Unless we recapitalize''--I ask unanimous consent for 2 additional minutes.  