President, I am going to wind up here. I will only mention the last thing that was stated by the Senator from North Dakota in response to something the distinguish Senator from Texas, Senator Hutchison, said this morning.  When she started in business, she made it grow, and it was difficult. He said, ``I bet you started with debt.''  ``Yes.''  The difference is this: The business Senator Hutchison is talking about and the businesses that are started with debt have to pay that debt back. We do not, and that is the difference. Our debt just accumulates, and that is why we are looking at $5 trillion. The difference is, they pay it back, and we do not.  Getting to the comments made by the distinguished senior Senator from Kentucky--and I think so much of him; I have held him in very high regard--we just disagree philosophically.  When he talked about the deficit reduction programs of 1990 and 1993, yes, one of those was a Republican President. In 1990, it was George Bush. I disagreed with him at that time, and I even went on ``Nightline'' and talked about how we should not have caved in to the Democrat-controlled Congress. As a result of that one cave-in by President Bush, he lost the election.  The next one is 1993. In 1993--he can call it a deficit reduction plan--it was the largest single tax increase in the history of public finance in America or anyplace in the world, and that is not a quote from conservative Republican Jim Inhofe, that is a quote from Senator Dan Moynihan, who was then chairman of the Senate Finance Committee.  So you look at these things in a different light. I would just say to those who are holding on to the past and those who do want to have business as usual and want to go back to and continue the social revolution of the middle 1960's, those days are behind us.  The last thing I will say, I hope that the Senator from Kentucky did not mean it when he implied that I impugned his integrity. All I was doing was quoting him, and regardless of how we interpret the quotes, I do not think he wanted me to quote his entire statement that was page after page.  But I will say this: These are the two resolutions we talked about. The Senator from North Dakota said that does not include the amendment by Senator Nunn. I think you are talking about the judicial review amendment. I suggest to you that, verbatim, that same amendment was offered and passed by Senator Danforth in 1994. So we have identical resolutions, and regardless of whether the distinguished Senator from Kentucky was quoted or misquoted, he still supported this back then, as the Senator from North Dakota did, and opposed it yesterday.  I yield the floor.  