President, today the Senate is passing an important piece of legislation, S. 1873, the National Environmental Education Act amendments. I introduced this bill on June 13 along with my colleagues, Senators Chafee, Lieberman, Faircloth, Kempthorne, Moynihan, Reid, and Lugar. Since that date nine more senators have joined me in this bipartisan show of support for this legislation.  This bill will reauthorize the educational efforts at the National Environmental Education and Training Foundation and the EPA's Office of Environmental Education. These programs support environmental education at the local level. They provide grant money and seed money to encourage local primary and secondary schools and universities to educate children on environmental issues.  With the importance of the environment and the continuing debate on how best to protect it, it is vital to educate our children so that they truly understand how the environment functions.  Over the last few years environmental education has been criticized for being one-sided and heavy-handed. People have accused environmental advocates of trying to brainwash children and of pushing an environmental agenda that is not supported by the facts or by science. They also accuse the Federal Government of setting one curriculum standard and forcing all schools to subscribe to their views. This is not how these two environmental education programs have worked, and I have taken specific steps to ensure that they never work this way.  The programs that this act reauthorizes have targeted the majority of their grants at the local level, allowing the teachers in our community schools to design their environmental programs to teach our children, and this is where the decisions should be made. In addition, the grants have not been used for advocacy or to lobby the Government, as other grant programs have been accused of doing.  This legislation accomplishes two important functions. First, it cleans up the current law to make the programs run more efficiently. And second, it places two very important safeguards in the program to ensure its integrity in the future.  I have placed in this bill language to ensure that the EPA programs are balanced and scientifically sound. It is important that environmental education is presented in an unbiased and balanced manner. The personal values and prejudices of the educators should not be instilled in our children. Instead we must teach them to think for themselves after they have been presented with all of the facts and information. Environmental ideas must be grounded in sound science and not emotional bias. While these programs have not been guilty of this in the past, this is an important safeguard to protect the future of environmental education.  Second, I have included language which prohibits any of the funds to be used for lobbying efforts. While these programs have not used the grant process to lobby the Government, there are other programs which have been accused of this and this language will ensure that this program never becomes a vehicle to lobby Congress or the Executive branch.  This bill also makes a number of housekeeping changes to the programs which are supported by both the EPA and the Education Foundation which will both streamline the programs and make them more efficient.  For those people who remain concerned about the Federal role in environmental education let me assure everyone that I will be personally monitoring these programs. If there are abuses or questionable grants or programs I will be the first to call for an investigation or to invoke the oversight functions of Congress. Educating our children is a serious matter and should not be abused by anyone. It is my intent and goal that these programs provide objective material in a balanced and scientifically sound manner that does not instill any particular viewpoint in our Nation's youths. We need to teach our children the facts and let them reach their own conclusions, and I believe this bill accomplishes this goal.  I thank my colleagues for supporting this bill and I hope the House can actquickly and this legislation can be signed into law.  