President, I know there is a lot of redundancy in what we all say around here, and certainly I have tried to make these points before, but we had quite a discussion this morning debating the budget resolution. During that time, I guess one of the most eloquent Senators in the history of this body, Senator Byrd from West Virginia, had some comments that I want to respond to.  One was he commented on the mistake that he made when he voted for tax cuts back in the 1980's. I suggest that there is a basic difference in philosophy. I hope it came out. I think people have to weigh this on their own.  I can remember, in 1992, a quote I attribute to Laura Tyson, the chief economic adviser to President Clinton, who said, ``There is no relationship between the level of taxation that a nation pays and its productivity.'' I think that is the crux of where we are now in our debate, whether it is about the balanced budget amendment or just a balanced budget. If you really believe that, then I can understand why people would not want to have tax cuts and why they would vote the way they do.  But I have to remind the distinguished Senator that there is no period of time in history when we had greater tax cuts than there was in the 1980's. That is when we had our marginal rates coming down so dramatically. In 1980, the total revenues for Government were $517 billion. In 1990, it was $1.03 trillion. It doubled in that period of time. During that period of time, we had the greatest tax decreases of any 10-year period in America's history. The revenues from marginal rates went, in 1980, from $244 to $466 billion.  That is where the basic difference of opinion is. People want to have more of their money to invest. For each 1 percent increase in the economy, it develops an additional $26 billion of new funds.  The distinguished Senator from West Virginia said--and this is a quote, I wrote it down--he said, ``The people of America are going to wake up and say we are tired of cutting domestic discretionary programs.'' I think that is a basic difference of opinion among many of us here. I think perhaps the majority of us do not believe that. We think the people of America are not tired of cutting domestic programs. They are tired of tax increases. They are tired of deficit increases. They are tired of having their children and their grandchildren born into an environment where they immediately inherit a $19,000 debt, and if we do not do something to change it, they will end up having to pay 82 percent of their entire lifetime income just to support Government.  Another thing that was said was said by the distinguished Senator from North Dakota, who again used the ``S'' word, I call it, star wars. I have to say, and I firmly believe it--I am on the Senate Armed Services Committee and the Intelligence Committee and I was on the same committees over in the House of Representatives--I believe there is a greater threat facing America today than there has been, certainly, since World War II, maybe since the Revolutionary War: the proliferation of nuclear weapons, weapons of mass destruction, and the lack of defense against delivery of those weapons. As the distinguished Presiding Officer knows, because he is on the same committees I am, we are in an environment where we have had slashes in the military budget for 12 consecutive years. So now we are essentially where we were in buying power in 1980 when we could not afford spare parts.  So I think it is doing a disservice to the American people to use such terms as star wars. When you realize it is not$70 or $80 or $90 billion, we are talking about an investment that the American people have made in national missile defense today of about $50 billion. Just take the Aegis ships, 22 Aegis ships, already paid for, already floating, that have launching capability, all we have to do is spend about $4 billion more to give them the capability of getting into the upper tier to give us the defense system that we have to have.  We have rogue nations, as James Woolsey said, some 25 to 30 rogue nations, nations that have weapons of mass destruction, not the obvious ones of Russia and China and North Korea, but Iran, Iraq, and all the other nations, Syria, Libya. I think about the war that took place, the Persian Gulf war, where Saddam Hussein said, ``If we could have waited for 5 more years before we invaded Kuwait, we would have been able to have the missile capability of delivering a weapon of mass destruction at the United States of America.'' This is coming from a guy who murdered his own grandchildren, so we are not talking about normal people who think like we do.  So I would say I wanted to respond to those two statements made by those two very distinguished Senators from West Virginia and from North Dakota.  