President, I think anything that is said further tonight on this bill will be redundant, but I think some things are worthy of redundancy. I think it is virtually impossible for anyone in this Chamber who was not in Oklahoma City when the tragedy happened--the bombing of the Murrah Federal Office Building--to really appreciate the significance of the trauma, the disaster, the emotions at the time.  I think it was well said in a magazine called Oklahoma Today, talking about the first wave of the super-hot gas moved at 7,000 miles an hour, fast enough for someone 10 feet away to be hit with a force equal to 37 tons, and in about half a second the gas dissipated only to be replaced by an equally violent vacuum. The resulting pressure waved outward, lifting the building up and causing beams, floor slabs, and connections to weaken and collapse.  When the pressure wave passed, gravity took over. Nine stories of the north side of the building pancaked, creating a crater 30 feet deep. People who had been on the ninth floor ended up in the basement.  I think one of the most memorable experiences I had was the very first night. The firefighters had arrived. They were all volunteers. They were taking turns 1 hour at a time crawling on their bellies through there to pull out parts of bodies. I actually saw on the first floor human hair and one hand that was stuck to a wall. As they pulled the bodies out--some alive, some dead--they did not know at that time whether or not it would come crashing down and kill them. When one group came out after an hour, there was blood all over the individuals. Then you could hear the cadence, almost like you heard in World War II, of the firefighters marching down the streets to take their turn, and this is what we experienced there.  The majority leader a few minutes ago said the habeas provision is the heart and the soul of this bill. It may be that some of you do not agree with that, but I can assure you the families of the 168 victims who died in the Murrah Federal Office Building, they believe that, because they came up here 2 months after the explosion and sat across the table from many of the Senators in here and said, ``The one thing we want in legislation is habeas reform. We do not want the same thing to happen as happened when Roger Dale Stafford in Oklahoma murdered nine Oklahomans and sat on death row for 20 years.''  So I guess all I can say is, on behalf of the families of the 168 victims, those who lost their lives in the Murrah Federal Office Building, I appeal to you to pass this bill tonight.  