President, if you happened to have read the current edition of U.S. News & World Report, there is a front page story about some very heroic people. One of those persons is from Oklahoma.  Many years ago, back in 1944, when we were trying to push the Germans out of France and the Alsace-Lorraine area, it was the 761st Tank Battalion that was sent over to try to remove, to extract the Germans from that area.  There is one thing that was unique about the 761st Tank Battalion. All of the soldiers in that battalion were black. They called them the ``Black Panthers.''  One of the bright young soldiers was a staff sergeant by the name of Ruben Rivers. Ruben Rivers was born in Tecumseh, OK, a very quiet, soft-spoken person, the kind who everybody liked. When he went into the service, his desire was to see combat. Back then, even though we had 1.2 million blacks serving in World War II, less than half of them saw combat, and not one of them got the Congressional Medal of Honor, in spite of the fact that they had performed all kind of heroic acts.  Back in 1990, I was serving over in the House, and it was called to my attention by some surviving members of his family some of the things that he had done. When I heard this story, I called his commander, whose name is Capt. David Williams, retired, who was getting quite elderly, and I asked him to verify the story. This is what Ruben Rivers had done.  He was a tank driver. He had won a Silver Star by walking through a minefield and putting a chain on fallen chains and backing out with this tank to detonate all of the mines, taking great personal risk in doing this.  A few weeks later--it was November 14, 1944--Ruben Rivers was driving the lead tank, as he always wanted to do. He went through a minefield in order to detonate the mines so that the 761st Tank Battalion Group A could get through.  When he did this, he went over several mines. One mine went off, and it blew up the undercarriage of his tank and severely wounded Ruben Rivers. In fact, the bone in his right leg was penetrated all the way through. You could see the shiny white bone.  Of course, Captain Williams came over, and he, with the medic, tried to extract him and said, ``Take the morphine. You have done enough for America. We're sending you back.'' He said, ``No, my job isn't done yet.'' He got out of the tank and got in another tank, hobbling over with some help, with one leg, got on the turret and went out into the clearing. The Germans surrounded them from the north. They had our tank battalion completely pinned down where they could not penetrate. Ruben Rivers, in order to find out where they were, drew fire from them. He drove this tank out into the opening. All of them fired, and we were able to go in with our artillery and wipe out the German tank battalion. Of course, Ruben Rivers was dead.  Right after that Capt. David Williams went to the Army and put him up for the Congressional Medal of Honor. I will not go into detail as to what some of the responses were, but they kind of laughed. They said, ``Well, I don't think that's going to happen.'' In fact, the paperwork mysteriously disappeared, not once, but twice, so that nobody had the record on record of Ruben Rivers.  Capt. David Williams, as I mentioned, is getting quite elderly. He said, ``I'm going to live long enough to see that Ruben Rivers is posthumously awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor.''  Back in 1990, I introduced a bill in the House of Representatives and told the same story I am telling today, except in perhaps a little more detail, to waive the statute of limitations past 1952 so the President could make that award. The medal has to come from the President of the United States. Then-President George Bush said he would do it, after he had read about the case. But I was unable to get it passed.  I tried it again in 1991, 1992; and until finally in 1995 the Army said, ``If you don't introduce any more, we'll go ahead and conduct a study of blacks in the military in World War II to see if any of them had been deserving of the Congressional Medal of Honor who had not received it only because they were black.''  That report, I am very happy to say, has come out just a few days ago. They have nominated seven blacks--one is still living today--to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor. The President of the United States, Bill Clinton, had said whoever they recommend, he would go ahead and allow them to receive that medal--their families to receive it. So that is exactly what is going to happen. So, I am very happy to say--we hear a lot of negative things that are going on--that something wonderful has happened. A great Oklahoman from Tecumseh, OK, will be awarded posthumously the highest honor to be given for valor in battle, the Congressional Medal of Honor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  