President, if I could have just a minute or so more, I want to mention the budget resolution that was passed yesterday. I did not like it. I did not say anything about it at the time. I have to say publicly, on the record, now, the only reason I did support it is I think that is the only way we could have anything at all for defense.  There is a very distinguished House Member from Oklahoma, Congressman Watts. I think he feels the same way, that this is the only way we can do it. It is not a lean enough budget. It is not one that is as good as I would like. But, nonetheless, we went ahead and passed it.  I think that brings up the other point, and that is our discussion last week on the balanced budget amendment. I do not know how people can have such a change of heart. I think there are six Democrat U.S. Senators who openly supported the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution in 1994, and they voted for it. This is the resolution that they voted for in 1994, Senate Joint Resolution 41, and they turned right around and actively opposed the same exact language in a balanced budget amendment that failed to pass by a couple of votes last week. They tried to say it was different. They said this had the Nunn amendment that addressed judicial review.  I would like to read something into the Record, just to make sure no one tries to use that to make people think this is not the same resolution that they voted for 2 years ago and then voted against this last week. This is right out of the Record, Senator Nunn speaking. He said:       Mr. President, as I noted last Thursday, adoption of the      balanced budget amendment to me is very important, but I also      noted that without a limitation on judicial review, a      limitation which was accepted during our 1994 debate, when      offered by Senator Danforth of Missouri, we could radically      alter the balance of powers among the three branches of      government that is fundamental to our democracy.  So those Senators that we actively debated with, those very honorable Senators from West Virginia and North Dakota and Kentucky--these are exactly the same thing. I think maybe it was a mistake that was made. A better way to approach this would be to come up and say, ``We did make a mistake, I did not know it was the same thing,'' and perhaps we would have a chance, still, of passing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. Because until we do this, until it is in the Constitution so we do not have any choice, we are going to continue to play this game where we are going to put all of our cuts in the outyears and we are not going to be able to pass a balanced budget.  A balanced budget amendment is the only other way, and I hope those six Senators who voted for and supported a balanced budget amendment in 1994 would reconsider. With those votes, we would be able to pass one and send it to the States for three-fourths of the States to ratify. I have no doubt in my mind they would ratify it in a very short period of time.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  