 During that time, it was the first ever retroactive tax increase, in other words, we passed a tax increase that went back and imposed taxes on people who were adjusting their behavior and their activities predicated on the existing tax structure at the time. They made it retroactive.  The third thing they did--the top tax rate increased to 39 percent, a dramatic increase. It has been increased again since then to 42 percent. The tax on Social Security for many of the senior citizens in this country went up by 50 percent to a total of 85 percent.  I believe we need also to make a couple of statements in response to what has been said about the economy, this glowing economy that we supposedly have right now. I have some figures here that show there is no glowing. I know if you say it is long enough, the people will believe it. Then they will say, ``Well, someone's doing a very good job.'' But it is not.  Right now, under President Clinton, the economy grew at a slower rate in the first quarter of 1996, 2.8 percent, than it did in the first quarter of 1992, which was 4.7 percent. There have been lost--this comes right out of the Bureau of Statistics, published on May 3, 1995--in that particular year, 17,000 manufacturing jobs were lost in April, bringing the total number of jobs lost in that sector to 338,000 since last March.  I guess the reason I bring this up is that I am one of those individuals who has read history and who believes that you can increase revenues by reducing marginal rates. We saw this happen in the 1980's, during the decade of the 1980's, when we saw the largest number of rate decreases. We increased revenues substantially. The total revenue that was generated in 1980 was $244 billion for marginal rates. In 1990, it is $466 billion. We almost doubled it by reducing dramatically the rates.  This is not just a Republican concept. President Kennedy, back when he was President of the United States, made a statement, ``It is a paradoxical and economic statistic that the way to increase revenue is to reduce marginal rates.''  It is something we have seen history repeated over and over again. You are not going to increase revenue by increasing taxes. Therefore, if we can reduce any of these taxes, we should take this opportunity to do it.  As he said, 1993 was the largest single tax increase in the history of public finance in America or any place in the world. If you opposed that increase, the largest increase in history, you should be supportive of repealing any part of it. This is just a small part of it.  I think, also, if you remember what President Clinton said in Houston not too long ago when he was talking to agroup of people who were pretty offended by the increases in taxes, he said, ``A lot of people think I increased taxes too much in 1993. It might surprise you to know that I think I did, too.''  I want to help the President. I want to help him reduce the taxes that he admits were too high in 1993. I yield the floor.  