President, I thank the Senator for his leadership in this issue that we are discussing. Nothing new can be said on this subject. I know what the final remarks will be from the Senator from North Dakota. I want to talk about two things. No. 1, the threat; No. 2, the cost. If anybody out there believes it is going to cost so that we will ultimately have the ability to save ourselves, protect ourselves from missile attack--look at the CBO report and the figures that they are batting around, $30 to $60 billion over 14 years, and that has now been downgraded.  It is quite obvious that we wanted to have an Aegis ship with the space sensors. We already have a $50 billion investment in 22 Aegis ships that are out there. We can upgrade those, and reach into the upper tier for about $3 to $4 billion over 4 years. If you add the $5 billion for sensors we could have a system in place that will stop an incoming ballistic missile for the United States. Right now we have nothing.  The vast majority of American people believe that after we have spent all of this money that we have a system but we do not. We are almost there. It is 90 percent paid for, and the threat is real.  For those who question the threat, remember the words of James Woolsey who was the CIA Director for President Clinton. He said 2 years ago that we know of between 20 and 25 nations that have or are in the final stages of developing weapons of mass destruction and the missile means of delivering those weapons. One expert after another expert testified that threat is out there, that threat is real.  So, I would only say when you are considering taking out this little bit of money that we have to try to go forward with this program, stop and realize and stop and ask yourself the question. What if all of these experts are right? Look at Oklahoma City. The Presiding Officer and I represent the State of Oklahoma. We saw the devastation that took place there. That was what is comparable to one ton of TNT. The smallest nuclear warhead known is a kiloton, 1,000 times that power.  So if you are wrong, we are making a terrible mistake if we pass this amendment.  