I do not think I will even take that much time. I know time is very precious right now. I have been listening to the debate, and I am the first one to say I am not on any of the committees that deal with this, so it is not that I have been entrenched in this issue. I agree with one thing the Senator from Connecticut said, and that is it is very transparent, the things that are going on around here.  The Senator from Utah was very specific and I think very articulate in the way that he addressed how this would affect labor unions. It is my understanding that even in the reporting aspects of soft money each local could give up to $10,000 without even reporting it. So let us assume that they report accurately and that someone who says that a local says it is contributing less than $10,000 is in fact correct. I am not ready to accept that. But let us assume that is right. If you have a hundred locals, you are talking about a million dollars. No one will ever know where it came from. This is money that is used very effectively in campaigns.  So as far as I am concerned, one of the big areas that should be regulated is left out of this thing, and that is labor unions. And then there is trial lawyers. I have to tell you that every time I run for office there are thousand-dollar checks coming from allover, from trial lawyers from all over America because I am the one who has on his agenda a desire that I am going to fulfill to see to it we have real meaningful tort reform in this country, to make us competitive again. So we have the trial lawyers out there with the ability to send in, on their own contributions of $1,000 apiece, to maybe six different campaigns. Maybe there are 100 of them who are out there. All you have to do is look at an FEC report and you can see that they are doing it.  Let me make one comment about PAC's. Everyone assumes that political action committees are something evil. Political action committees allow small people to get involved, people who are of low incomes to get involved in the process, and there is not any other way they can get involved. I have been a commercial pilot for I guess 38 years. I have been active in aviation. I believe that aviation makes a great contribution to the technology of aerospace and many other things, and consequently I am supported by the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association, AOPA, 340,000 members. Each one puts in about $5 and they do contribute to people who are supportive of the industry that they believe in.  The NRA, they have taken a lot of hits recently. Who are the NRA? When you sit up here, you are looking at millions of dollars in Washington, but if you were with me last weekend in Hugo, Cordell, Lone Grove, Sulphur, those are people who belong and they might give $5 a year because they honestly in their hearts believe in the second amendment rights to the Constitution. I do, too. They contribute. These are not big fat cats, wealthy people. So I think to categorize PAC's as being something that is evil in our society is wrong.  The third thing I do not like about this legislation that is coming up, and I will be opposing it, is the arrogance that is there. We have reduced postage for us--not for you, not for anybody else but for us. Now, what happens when you reduce our postage? It is all out of one fund. So other postage is going to end up going up. It is just sheer arrogance that we should be treated differently than everybody else.  We passed legislation, a very good bill through this Chamber at the very first of this Congress and that was the bill which made us live under the same laws as everybody else. All of a sudden people around here are looking, pointing fingers, saying, should we have done that? Here we are again, coming right on the heels of that, saying we are going to give us a benefit nobody else has.  The Senator from Massachusetts a minute ago stood up and said we ought to have more free time on TV. Who are those broadcasters out there? Are they all fat cats? I go around Oklahoma. We have small stations. They are going to give time, and if they do not give free time, they are going to have to give a reduced rate, 50 percent of the lowest rate. That is for us because we are in Congress. We are important people. We are supercitizens--not everybody else, just us.  The arrogance in the way we are approaching that, saying we are entitled to things other people are not entitled to I find to be very offensive.  Mr. President, I conclude by saying I agree with the Senator from Connecticut. This is transparent. The two biggest offenders, the ones who contribute the most to campaigns--and I would categorize them as organized labor and trial lawyers--are not going to be inhibited in any way by this bill.  