President, if I thought, 10 years ago, I would be making this statement, I would say someone is out of his mind. But I have to say now that it comes from the heart when I say this. There is no loss in the history of the institution of the U.S. Senate as great as the loss that will be incurred when Senator Simon submits his retirement and is no longer in this body. I say that in a very sincere way because Senator Simon and I have a few things in common, but certainly political philosophy is not one of them. He is a liberal. I am a conservative. But he is very honest about his liberalism, and he is one who puts his priorities first. His statement about his children and grandchildren is very touching indeed.  Mr. President, I think that the vote we are going to be casting tomorrow will be the second most significant vote, perhaps in the last decade, but certainly in this session of the legislature. The first most significant vote happened yesterday when we made a decision in this country not to defend ourselves from nuclear missile attack. It is something I think we made a grave mistake on, because many of the other things are not significant now when you think about the threat that is out there.  What we are going to do tomorrow is certainly significant. I decided that a way to approach this would be to take, verbatim, the arguments that have been made in opposition to a budget balancing amendment to the Constitution and address each one of them.  There are ten arguments. I will read these:  Proponents have refused to lay out a detailed plan to get a balanced budget.  How can you tell if it would be good for the country if you do not know the details? Senator Simon talked about a figleaf. This is a figleaf. I can remember when we lost this earlier--I guess last year--by one vote, and they tried to kill it in a way that they would not have to vote against it by putting an amendment on called the ``right-to-know amendment,'' which would outline everything that we are going to appropriate, everything that we are going to fund, every tax we are going to increase or decrease, for the next 7 years. Obviously, you cannot do that.  In a minute, I will show you the political philosophy of those individuals who voted for the right-to-know amendment, because those individuals, each one of them, voted against the final bill, and there is a common thread there that we need to look at.  I can tell you what we do know, which is that the status quo is bad--bad for the country. Business as usual cannot continue. We are to the point where we have to make a change. We did not have that luxury last year, or 10 years ago, even though we are working on this as a problem. I will say this. Those individuals who are going to vote against our balanced budget amendment to the Constitution tomorrow are liberals, but they do not go home and campaign that way. They are not politically honest with the people back home on their philosophy. How many times have you heard someone on the stump stand up and say, ``Vote for me and I will increase your taxes, I will increase spending, and I will increase the deficit''? You do not hear it. Yet, that is exactly what happens.  You cannot give a detailed plan as to how it is going to happen. Back in May 1961, President Kennedy decided that it was in our Nation's interest to have a man on the Moon in 10 years. He did not say what was going to happen, or how. He did not map out the details. We could not do it yet because the rockets were not built, the spacecraft was not designed, and the astronauts were not trained. Nobody said how we were going to do it. But we committed ourselves to it, and we did it.  Here is another one, argument No. 2: Proponents want to treat people like children, hiding the hard truth from them.  I can tell you that is not the case. My wife and I have been married for 37 years. We are into grandchildren now. One time, our No. 2 son was out learning to ride a bicycle. He was a very young child. I went out there and pushed him, and he got balanced. Finally, he was able to go all the way around the block. When he came back, he said, ``You know, Dad, I wish the whole world was downhill.''  The whole world is not downhill. What we are embarking upon, if we are successful in doing it, is not going to be easy. It is something that we have to do. We do not have a choice. We are out of time. We all know that the world is not downhill. We have to pedal uphill. It will take sacrifice. But for our children's sake and future generations, we have to do it.  Third is that proponents say they are tired of Washington telling people what to do--the Washington-knows-best mentality--and that the balanced budget amendment is the ultimate Washington mandate.  My response to that is, no, they have it backward. Those who oppose the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution are the guys who have been running this show for the last 40 years, who have created this $5 trillion debt. They are arrogant in saying that we know what is better. Yes; future generations are going to have to pay for this. But that Washington-knows-best attitude is what got us where we are today, that continuing business as usual for all these years. They say that despite the fact that 70 to 80 percent of the people in America support a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. Why? Because they know that without that fiscal discipline forcing them to do it, we are not going to do it.  I think the public spoke loudly and clearly in the elections of 1994. It was, in fact, a Republican year, and in a minute I will document this and show this to you. A lot of people that are going to be voting against this will not be around much longer. In a way, the balanced budget amendment is a mandate for fiscal responsibility on Congress, and it will not mandate unwanted regulation on the States or the people.  Argument No. 4: All these Governors who are boasting about cutting taxes in their States should know that the balanced budget amendment will require them to impose huge State tax increases.  Well, that simply is not true. I think the Governors know it. The Governors are supporting this. In fact, let us keep in mind that if we are successful in passing this at noon tomorrow, three-fourths of the States are going to have to ratify this. It is not something we can do unilaterally. I agree with the statements made about the sanctity of the Constitution. That is why the Founding Fathers made it so difficult. The States will have to make the decision, and if they think it will increase taxes, they are not going to support it. They know it will not do that. These States that have been cutting tax rates are actually enjoying increasing revenue. History has shown that is the case. You can increase revenue by cutting tax rates. President Kennedy once said, ``We have to have more revenue, and we are going to cut taxes,'' and it worked. Look what happened in the United States of America. In 1980, our total revenues were $517 billion. In 1990, 10 years later, it was over $1 trillion. It doubled in that period of time. That was a period of time when the tax rates took the largest cuts we have had in any 10-year period in history, from the marginal rates. In 1980, it was $244 billion that was derived from income taxes. In 1990, it was $466 billion. That was after tax reductions.  But this mentality we have in the White House and the administration does not agree with that. They do not look at history. They are too smart for that. Laura Tyson, the chief economic adviser to the President of the United States, was quoted in the Wall Street Journal on December 30, 1992.  She said:       In direct contradiction to the 12 years of Republican      ideology, there is no relationship between the level of taxes      the Nation pays and its economic performance.  Of course, if you believe that, they just keep raising taxes. We know better. The people of America know better. The balanced budget amendment will require a rate of increase in Federal spending to be slowed down. The States will rejoice when they can do this, and three-fourths of the States have already said it shall be no problem at all in ratifying this.  Three-fourths of the States have a balanced budget amendment to their State constitution. In 1941, my State of Oklahoma had a balanced budget amendment. These same argumentsthey are using today were the arguments they were using back then, and it has worked since 1941, and it has worked in the rest of States.  Argument No. 5: The balanced budget amendment is a pig in a giant poke.  I do not know what this means. I do not know that anyone else does. But I would say this: That the real pig in the poke was pointed out to me by someone who called me up. I was called up after that statement was made by a young lady, a beautiful young lady professor at the University of Arkansas, the home State of our President. She called up and had seen that apparently on C-SPAN. Of course, in Arkansas they know something about pigs. They have the Arkansas Razorbacks, and they use the pigs and the hogs and the hogs and the Razorbacks kind of interchangeably. This young lady was Dr. Molly Rapier on the staff at the University of Arkansas. She said the pig in the poke is in Washington--not outside of Washington. It is those individuals who are spending more and more and more and getting to the trough first.  The sixth argument that has been used: The balanced budget amendment will give the politicians license to cut and slash and burn needed programs.  This is the big argument they use to make it appear as if we are going to be slashing Government programs, and then they zero in on either the elderly or veterans or somebody else to make them think that we are going to be cutting programs.  The Heritage Foundation came out with a study. This was conducted by economists and Ph.D.'s from all over the country from major institutions. They came up with the conclusion--this is a couple of years ago--that we could actually reduce and eliminate the deficit in a much shorter period of time merely by putting growth caps on. I called to get an update from them today. They said if we had growth caps on all Government spending of 1.5 percent we would balance the budget in 7 years including the major tax cuts that the Republicans are asking for to stimulate the economy. These are the economists that are saying this.  So we know that this argument is being used, and it is another figleaf, as has been so articulated and presented by the distinguished senior Senator from Illinois, Senator Simon. I think that it would do one thing, and that it would cause a counterpressure.  A study was made not too long ago about all the people who come to see Members of Congress in the House and the Senate. Over 98 percent of them are in there to get more money for some cause. Some are lobbyists, some are citizens, and some are employees that are in for more money for their causes. So there is nobody out there speaking for that 80 percent of the people who want to reduce the size of the cost of Government. This would do this.  I remember one of the best speeches I ever heard was way back in the 1960's when a great communicator, Ronald Reagan, gave a speech, his first political speech, called ``Rendezvous With Destiny.'' He said, ``There is nothing closer to immortality on the face of this Earth than a Government agency once formed.'' I think we have learned it is true. It is very difficult with the political pressures to cut the size of Government.  The seventh argument is:       Senators are sent here to make intelligent and well-     informed decisions on the people's behalf.  I have heard this so many times from liberals--saying, ``We do not need that because that is our job. We are elected to balance a budget.'' We have not done it. We have proven that we are incapable of doing it for 40 years. So we have been forced to do it.  That is exactly what this would be. This is not anything that is a new idea. Thomas Jefferson said when he came back from France during the development of our Constitution that it could have been improved by having something in there to stop the Americans from going into debt.  I can remember a guy named Carl Curtis from Nebraska back in 1974, Mr. President. I was in the State Senate of Oklahoma at that time. He had an idea. He was a great conservative from Nebraska. He said, ``I know how we can balance the budget.'' He said, ``We can get three-fourths of the States to preratify, and then we could use this an as argument saying this is a mandate from the States.'' So I introduced a resolution in the State senate in 1974, and it passed to preratify the Constitution. It is something that has been around for a long time. It is something that we have an opportunity to achieve tomorrow.  In response to the opinion polls, a statement was made not long ago on this floor by one of the Senators who is opposed to a balanced budget. He said, ``The proponents talk about public opinion.'' Years ago Talleyrand said, ``There is more wisdom in public opinion than there is to be found in Napoleon, Voltaire and all the ministers of state present or to come.''  But this is true only to the extent that public opinion is informed opinion. In the case of a balanced budget amendment it is not informed opinion. I have to tell that very distinguished Senator in all respects that he is definitely wrong.  I would submit that the people of America know that we cannot continue on the road that we are on. I would submit that Talleyrand was exactly right when he said, ``There is more wisdom in public opinion polls than there is. . .''--and to bring it to up today's vernacular, ``. . . to be found in the President, the President pro tempore, and all the ministers of the Clinton administration and the liberal Democrats who are lobbying against the balanced budget amendment.''  Let us keep in mind Talleyrand, who was there during the Napoleon reign, also had another quote which was ``Throw mud, throw mud. Some of it may stick.'' That is exactly what has been happening during this debate.  The ninth argument was:       The 1990 and 1993 budget deals worked. The way to deal with      the deficit is to continue the successful deficit reduction      effort for the last 5 years. Since 1990, we have achieved      over $900 billion in deficit reduction.  I do not know. There was an article in the Reader's Digest not long ago called ``Budget Baloney.'' They talk about how we are saying things here to make people think we are doing something constructive by eliminating the deficit. The debt has grown and grown during this administration.  I will have to say this. I do not want to sound like I am blatantly partisan. In 1990, when George Bush was President of the United States, he caved in to the liberal Democrats that were controlling Congress at that time, and he agreed to a tax increase. It was the wrong thing to do. I voted against it. I spoke against it when I was serving in the other body with the distinguished Presiding Officer. I can remember being on ``Nightline'' as one of the few people to stand up against his own President because it was wrong. In 1993 when President Clinton had control of both the House and the Senate it was ``the largest single tax increase in the history of public finance in America or anyplace in the world.'' Those are not the words of conservative Republican Jim Inhofe. Those are the words of Patrick Moynihan who was the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee at that time. But in both cases the results belie the claims of success.  If these two huge, painful budget deals were successful in reducing the deficit, then Heaven help us. Just look at the figures. This is the President's own budget book. Under his plan, by 1998 our debt will increase by $1.1 trillion. These are the President's figures. By the year 2000, $1.1 trillion. That is something that we cannot afford.  The last one that I want to mention is to quote the argument:       The balanced budget amendment is nothing more than a      slogan, an empty promise. Most Senators who support it will      not even be here in the year 2000 when it will take effect.  You know the problem is that the Members of Congress who are responsible for creating this burdensome national debt will not be here when our children have to pay for it. It has been said several times on this floor. The Congressional Budget Office figures support the fact that a person born today, unless we change it, will have to spend 82 percent of his lifetime income just to support the Government's extravagance that we are guilty of today.  So let me just mention that talk is cheap. There are those who oppose it. Those individuals who oppose the balanced budget amendment, they are the ones--the same ones as I suggested earlier in my talk. I suggested that those individuals who voted against a balanced budget amendment the last timeand are planning to vote it against it this time, even though they will not go home and tell the people they are going to do this, are the liberals.  How do you know if they are liberals or conservatives? You do it by looking at how they are rated. You do not want to stand up and call people names. There are ratings organizations out there. The National Taxpayers Union rates as to how we vote. If we are big spenders they say we are. Of those 33 individuals who voted against the balanced budget amendment when it was up last time, all 33 voted for the largest tax increase and the largest spending increase in the history of public finance. All 33 of them got either a ``D'' or an ``F'' by the National Taxpayers Union. That is incontrovertible. They are liberals. They will not say that at home. But they are. And I suggest there is something else that is incontrovertible; that is what has happened in the past. Those individuals who were voting for the large spending increases and the tax hike and who received a ``D'' or an ``F'' are the individuals who either were defeated or who retired in the 1994 election.  So I think it is something we need to look at, and I am hoping that those individuals--as the distinguished Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grassley] said, a lot of the Senators who are voting for this because they want to go the party line instead of voting with the people at home better really stop and think about it before noon tomorrow because the people at home are not going to forget.  I can suggest to you that we have had several people who are going to be voting against it who have actually made these statements at home. The Senator from North Dakota, [Mr. Dorgan], said in the Congressional Record March 1, 1994: ``This constitutional amendment, no matter what one thinks of it, will add the pressure that we reconcile what we spend with what we raise.'' And he will most likely vote against it. If not, the resolution will pass.  Senator Hollings said, ``I can offer my colleagues 3.5 trillion reasons for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. It ought to be a minimal moral obligation of our National Government. So let us debate, pass and ratify the balanced budget amendment. By writing a balanced budget amendment into the basic law of the land, we will compel Washington to do its job.'' That is Senator Ernest Hollings, March 1, 1994.  Then we had our very, very distinguished minority leader, Senator Tom Daschle, from South Dakota, who said on February 28, 1994: ``Too much is at stake for us to settle for the status quo. A balanced budget amendment will provide the fiscal discipline our Nation must have in order to meet the needs of the present generation without bankrupting those in the future.''  I only say that not to embarrass my colleagues because they are all very distinguished, but they certainly had a change of heart between the time they were making these statements and what will happen tomorrow. I am hoping that two out of three of these individuals who made the statement will turn around and remember what they said in 1994 and will vote for it, and we will pass a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.  Lastly, Mr. President, Senator Simon talked about his grandson, Nicholas Simon, and I think that is really what it is all about. Kay and I have a bunch of kids, and our No. 3 child, Molly, just last January 9 called me up and said, ``You know, Daddy, I'm about a month overdue, and they are going to force labor today. Would you come over.'' And I was right over there. She said to me, she said, ``Daddy, would you like to come in the delivery room when we deliver Baby Jase.'' Nowadays they peek. They know what it is. Back when we were having kids, they would not let you in the hospital, let alone the delivery room. And so I said, ``Yes, I want to do it.''  I went in there and stood behind the bed, and we made it through this process. It made me appreciate my wife a lot more than I did before. And finally Baby Jase was born, Baby Jase right here was born. This is on January 9. And he had taken his first breath. He was not even a minute old when she handed him to me. She said, ``Daddy, would you like to hold Baby Jase?'' I held Baby Jase, and I looked at him, and the thing that came to my mind at that time was, as we were speaking at that very moment, Baby Jase was inheriting $19,000 as his share of the national debt; that if we do not do something to change it like we are proposing today, if we do not pass this balanced budget amendment, then Baby Jase is going to have to spend 82 to 84 percent of his earnings paying it.  What do you think he did to deserve that? He did not do anything. That is why I say, Madam President, this is not a fiscal issue that we are considering. It is probably the most serious moral issue we have dealt with since I have been in the Senate.  I yield the floor.  