President, I happened to be presiding this morning when the very distinguished senior Senator from Massachusetts, Senator Kennedy, made a number of comments. I know that he would not intentionally say anything that is not totally accurate in reflecting upon the positions and past performances of Senator Bob Dole, but I think inadvertently he misrepresented his stand on a number of issues. I would like to just briefly go over a couple of these.  First of all, it seems as if it has been over a year now since the demagoging of Medicare has taken place on this floor. I was very pleased a year ago today, I believe it was, to read an editorial in the Washington Post. And, Mr. President, I do not think anyone has ever accused the Washington Post of being a Republican publication.  So, finally, I feel that they looked at this and thought this is such a serious thing, that the Republicans had a program to save Medicare, and that by the admission of the board of trustees that was appointed by President Clinton, if we did not do something, Medicare would have gone broke by the year 2002, then that was updated a year later and they said it really would be 2001, and the Republicans had a program to control growth, not cut--there has never been any intention to cut benefits of Medicare to the American people--but have controlled growth, do away with waste and fraud and abuse and install some other things that would make it a viable program.  So, finally, the editorial boards around the country, that are normally not sensitive to Republican causes, rallied and said, we are going to have to do something about it.  I would like to read the last two sentences of an editorial found in the Washington Post a year ago, just about now. I believe it was a year ago today. It was called ``Medagogues, Cont'd.'' This is the second one. A week before that they had one where they demonstrated very clearly and very persuasively that what the Republicans were trying to do was to save Medicare. The last two sentences are:       The Democrats have fabricated the Medicare-tax cut      connection because it is useful politically. It allows them      to attack and to duck responsibility, both at the same time.      We think it's wrong.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at the conclusion of my remarks, the editorial entitled ``Medagogues, Cont'd'' from the Washington Post be printed in the Record.  