President, I will quote one sentence, which says:       As for START II, somehow we don't find it very comforting      to contemplate a world in which the Russians have 4,500 fewer      scary things tucked away in their arsenal but a Saddam      Hussein has one that he intends to use on us.  So, in conclusion, I say, Mr. President, that passing of this treaty right now may be important to the President's agenda. But if this treaty is really important, why are we rushing through it with so little debate?  This morning we had a meeting in my office at 9 o'clock. It was with the 11 freshmen that were elected to this body in 1994. At that time we did not even know this was going to be on the agenda today. This was put on 10 hours ago before we had a chance to come out, debate it, get people together to really be concerned and to understand the full ramifications of this treaty and how it provides a chance of making us vulnerable--10 hours. That is all the time we had.  What kind of a message will the rogue countries in the world get if we pass, on the same day, a defense bill recently stripped of missile defense and a START II Treaty on Russia's terms? Just to satisfy Russia, President Clinton was willing to veto the defense bill that attempted to protect Americans from missile attack.  Yes, we are getting the Russians down to 3,500 missiles, if they comply. But we are giving Russia a practical veto on our ability to defend ourselves. We have countries out there--China we just talked about, North Korea, Iran, Iraq, Libya--any number of countries that are a direct threat to this country, and they are not constrained by any of the provisions in the START II agreement or in the ABM Treaty.  My simple proposition is this: Missile defense should be our highest national security priority. If the President believes that our highest priority must be sacrificed to gain Russia's approval of START II, I say it is too high a price to pay.  Mr. President, every time I come out here and we talk about this treaty or we talk about the ABM Treaty or we talk about the missile defense of this country, I remember the days following the April 19 bombing in Oklahoma City in my beautiful State of Oklahoma. I had very close friends with daughters and sons and mothers and fathers who were in that building, the Murrah Federal Office Building in Oklahoma City, hoping day after day and hour after hour that they would find them still to be alive until finally all hope was given up. We lost 169 lives in the most brutal terrorist attack in the history of America. I saw those things. My son, an orthopedic surgeon, was practicing with a doctor who went in and amputated the leg of a woman in order to extract her from the bomb site.  When I think about that, I remember that the bomb which blew up the Federal building was rated at 1 ton of TNT, and the smallest nuclear warhead known today is rated at 1 kiloton of TNT, or 1,000 times the size of the bomb that exploded in Oklahoma City.  That is why I stated on this floor last week that if the vote is 98 to 1, I will be the one to oppose the ratification of the START II agreement because, Mr. President, it is the right thing to do for America.  I yield the floor.  