President, I regret that we are so short on time, that we have a time agreement. I had planned, as I announced yesterday when I spoke on this subject, to speak for at least 30 minutes. So I will not be able to use all the material I have. It is such a critical issue, I deeply regret that. I think it is probably appropriate that I speak, in that tomorrow at this time my daughter-in-law will be presenting me with my fourth grandchild. I plan to be there at the birth of that child. I am hoping to name it Perry Dyson Inhofe III. I don't know that will happen for sure.  I think if you just wrap up some of the things that were said here that are very significant, No. 1, we are not talking about abortion. We are talking about, in many cases, the normal birth process.  When I stood here before I spoke yesterday, I heard Senator Hank Brown from Colorado, a guy who has always been pro-choice --I have disagreed with him; I have always been pro-life--but he stood up and recognized the fact that we are not talking about abortions. I wish they never named this ``partial-birth abortion.'' Maybe people would wake up. I agree with the senior Senator from New York who characterized it as ``infanticide.''  So we are talking about now a third-trimester type of a treatment. I was going to elaborate on some of the comments that were made. I have here with me 17,601 signatures on petitions that I got this weekend as I was doing town meetings. They were given to me from all over Oklahoma. I haven't heard from anyone on the other side of this issue.  One of the things that they fail to talk about, because it is painful to talk about, is the pain that a baby feels when the baby is eliminated using this partial-birth-abortion procedure.  There is a paper I was going to read, but I will paraphrase it. It is a paper that was produced by a British research group, that a Dr. White, a neurosurgeon in the United States, agrees with, where they say it is now proved that a child in the second trimester or third trimester feels the same type of pain that is felt by any of us in this room, in this Chamber.  So we are not talking about something that is painless for a child that is being aborted, being destroyed in the process that was described by the Senator from Pennsylvania.  I ask unanimous consent that this paper be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the paper was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:     Fetal Pain as It Relates to the Partial-Birth Abortion Method       Partial-birth abortions are most commonly performed on      fetuses between the 20th and 24th weeks and beyond. Studies      by British researchers and a Cleveland neurosurgeon have      found that the fetus at this stage feels pain.       Dr. Robert White, Neurosurgeon, Case Western Reserve      University School of Medicine, testimony given before the      House Subcommittee on the Constitution, June 15, 1995:       1. The neuroanatomical pathways which carry the pain      impulses are present in fetuses by the 20th week of      gestation.       Also, the neurosystems which would modulate and suppress      these pain impulses are either not present or immature during      this stage of fetal development.       2. The classical cardiovascular responses associated with      stress and pain are found in     fetuses of this age who experience painful incidents such as      the introduction of a needle in the abdomen.       His summary: ``The fetus within this time frame of      gestation, 20 weeks and beyond, is fully capable of      experiencing pain.''       British study Journal: ``The Lancet''; ``Fetal Plasma      Cortisol and Beta-Endorphin Response to Intrauterine      Needling'' July 9, 1994:       Study: The study was on the effects of fetal blood      sampling.       Conclusion: When the fetus is subjected to an abdominal      injection, it reacts with a hormonal stress response,      characteristic of a pain response.  