Every day back then, we got up and said we are going to make a difference. We are going to help people and, particularly, for senior citizens we are going to make it possible for them to have a better quality of life.  The distinguished occupant of the chair is, I think, close to my age. We can both recall that in those days if a town had a lunch program for senior citizens, that was considered a big deal. There weren't a whole lot of discount programs. People didn't even talk about home and community-based health care services. In most of the country, back then, if a town had a lunch program for senior citizens, that was considered a full-fledged program for older people.  In those early days with the Oregon Gray Panthers I started thinking about the importance of good-quality, affordable health care. I spent hours and hours back then watching what happened when seniors and their families got exploited in the health care system. The first issue I was involved with concerning senior citizens was a real tragedy. At that time, there were a lot of older people who needed insurance to supplement their Medicare. It was very common for senior citizens then, every time some fast-talking salesman came through, to buy another policy. When I was running the legal aid office for senior citizens I would go to visit older people in their homes, and very often they could take out a shoe box full ofhealth insurance policies--15 or 20 policies. A lot of them weren't worth the paper they were written on. In fact, they had what were known as subrogation clauses, so that if you had another policy, the first one would not pay off. It was tragic to watch senior citizens walking on an economic tightrope every week, balancing food against fuel and fuel against medical bills, and getting sold all this junk health insurance, and as I said earlier, most of it wasn't worth a lot more than the paper it was written on. I starting saying to people, I want to do something about this. In a few years, I got elected to the House of Representatives, and I had a chance to work with both Democrats and Republicans, a number of them in the Senate today. Chairman Baucus was very involved in the effort.  In the early nineties, we finally drained that swamp of paper. Today it is possible for a senior to have just one of these policies, not 15 or 20, and have the extra money to spend on other essentials. The coverage is standardized so you don't need to be some kind of Houdini in order to figure it out.  That effort resulted in the only tough law on the books today that really has teeth in it to regulate and stop some of these private insurance ripoffs. I am very proud to have taken a role along with some of my colleagues in the Senate in changing it.  Democrats and Republicans, as part of health reform, are going to have to fix the insurance market for the nonelderly population. The insurance market today for those who are not in Medicare or in the veterans system, but who instead have private coverage, is inhumane. It is all about cherry-picking. It is about trying to find healthy people and send sick people over to government programs more fragile than they are. That is today's insurance market.  Fortunately, a big group of Democratic Senators and Republican Senators are now on record saying they want to change that. They want to make sure, for example, that people cannot be discriminated against if they have a preexisting condition. These Senators want to make sure, for example, that instead of being sent off to the individual insurance market, where people don't really have any clout or any bargaining power, people will be able to be part of a bigger group so they get more value for their health care dollar. In this larger group market, insurance companies pay out a bigger portion of the premium dollar in terms of benefits.  Democrats and Republicans are prepared to, in effect, turn the current system of private insurance around completely and say: Instead of basing it on cherry-picking, which is what it is about today, in the future, private insurers should have to take all comers. They should not discriminate. People should pool into large groups, and the companies should compete on price, benefits, and quality. There will have to be prevention and wellness so it is not just sick care, as Senator Hatch touched on very eloquently.  That is something Democrats and Republicans already are on record as coming together to support. Fixing the private insurance marketplace is a fundamental part of health reform.  There are other areas where Democrats and Republicans can join forces. One that I care most about is making health care coverage portable so that you do not lose your coverage when either you leave your job or your job leaves you.  This is an especially serious problem for the millions of folks who are laid off today. They go to a program called COBRA, which, I might note, is the only Federal program named after a poisonous snake. Colleagues have improved it, certainly, in the stimulus to try to provide additional assistance. But it is still part of a dysfunctional system that has not changed a whole lot since the 1940s. Much of the rules with respect to coverage--and certainly, in my opinion, that have led to the lack of portability--were made in the 1940s, when there were wage and price controls, and when big decisions got made that affect health care today.  Back in the 1940s, the rules made some sense for those times. People would usually go to work somewhere and pretty much stay put for 20 or 25 years until you gave them a gold watch and a 20,000-calorie retirement dinner. That is not what the workforce is about today.  Today the typical worker changes their job 11 times by the time they are 40. So what workers need is portable health care coverage, coverage they can take from place to place. People do not need to find that when they lose their jobs, they go out and face discrimination in the insurance marketplace where they are not able to afford insurance, even with the COBRA subsidies which, of course, run out often before they get their next position.  The current system is also anti-entrepreneur because very often somebody who works for a business has a good idea and they would like to go into the marketplace and try it out, but if they have an illness, they cannot leave their job because they are not going to be able to get coverage at their next job.  Once again, Democrats and Republicans in the Senate are on record as being willing to make a fundamental change in the way the system works today. They are on record in favor of portability and guaranteeing to Americans who lose their job or want to go somewhere else the ability to take their coverage with them. This system would be administered in a seamless kind of way so you wouldn't have to go out and reapply and have physicals and incur excessive costs.  Which leads me to my next point where Democrats and Republicans are in agreement, and that is lowering the crushing costs of health care administration. This Senate has begun to move in the right direction, with the leadership of the Obama administration, to promote electronic medical records. As far as I am concerned, we ought to send these paper medical records off to the Museum of American History and put them next to the typewriter and telegraph.  The Obama administration has made good progress in moving in that direction. But much more needs to be done to lower administrative costs in health care.  Once again, Democrats and Republicans have teamed up. They've said, let's use the withholding system. We already do that for administering much of the human services benefits on which our people rely. We will make sure people sign up once so they don't have to go through it again and again. We will pool people into these larger groups so they don't have to experience the excessive administrative costs that are associated with smaller groups, and they will have portable coverage so our people do not have to apply time and again, every time they change their job.  For each one of these issues--insurance reform, portability, lower administrative costs--already there exists a significant group of Democrats and Republicans in the Senate willing to join forces.  My own view is these are not partisan issues, and I think there are other areas that can also be tackled together by Democrats and Republicans.  One of the most contentious of those upcoming issues involves the tax rules for American health care. The reason these are so important is, of course, they are vital to Americans who are trying to pay for their health care and other essentials. These tax rules, which are upwards of $250 billion a year, amount to the biggest federal health care program.  Prominent Democrats and prominent Republicans, just in the last few weeks, have said these rules do not make sense. Let me give some examples for colleagues on our side of the aisle of some of the progressives who have called for reforms just in the last couple of weeks. Robert Reich, the former Secretary of Labor, certainly one of the leading progressive thinkers in our country, has talked about the regressivity of these rules, how they disproportionately favor the most affluent. Bob Greenstein, the head of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, is on record with the same views. Both of those reflect the comments of individuals who are progressive.  Suffice it to say, a number of conservatives have spoken out against these rules as well. Milton Friedman, going back to a legendary conservative, began to speak out against these rules some time ago.  We ought to deal with these issues on a bipartisan basis. I know of no Senator--not a single one--who is going to support taxes on middle-class people ontheir health care. It is off the table. It is not going to happen. There are 100 of us. Not a single one of us is going to support taxing those individuals. But I do think Democrats and Republicans, just like Robert Reich and Bob Greenstein on the Democratic side and conservatives going back to Milton Friedman on the Republican side, have said we can come together and find a way to make sure in the future these rules do not subsidize inefficiency and also disproportionately favor the most affluent.  What is tragic in the State of Delaware, the State of Oregon, the State of Georgia, is, if somebody does not have health care coverage and works in a furniture store outside Atlanta, they, in effect, have their Federal tax dollar subsidize somebody who is particularly well off who decides they want to get a designer smile in their health care plan.  Can we not all say in the interest of protecting taxpayers and fairness that we want that person who is interested in their designer smile to be able to buy as many of them as they want; but can we not agree, Democrats and Republicans, that if they are going to get a designer smile, they are going to pay for it with their own money rather than with subsidized dollars?  In each of these areas I mentioned there is an opportunity for Democrats and Republicans to come together. What each of the areas I have touched on deals with is making health care more affordable--more affordable for individuals, more affordable for families, and more affordable for taxpayers who are getting pretty darned worried about the debts that are being incurred and the prospect that their kids and their grandkids are going to have to pick up some of these bills.  I believe one of the keys to making health care more affordable is to make it possible for the individual, largely as part of a group where they can have some clout, to be rewarded for making a financially sound decision for herself and her family and to have a choice to go to the kind of program that makes sense for her and her family.  The current statistics show 85 percent of our people who are lucky enough to have employer coverage get no choice. Let me repeat that. Eighty-five percent of those who are lucky enough to have employer coverage get no choice.  Every one of us is going to require that a final bill protect somebody's right to keep the coverage they have. Mr. President, 100 Senators are going to vote for the requirement that you can keep the coverage you have. But can we not agree, as Democrats and Republicans, that we are also going to say you ought to have some other choices? I would like those choices to be in the private sector. If you can find a plan that is financially in your interest, you can keep the difference between what your health care costs today and what this new health package you buy costs. You can keep the difference. We will have a functioning market. If you save $600, $800 on the health care you buy, you have $800 to go fishing in Oregon, and I suspect the Senators from Delaware and Georgia may have some other ideas for where people can use their savings.  The point is, we will have created a market where there is none now. I consider the current health care system today, for all practical purposes, a money-laundering operation. What we have done largely since World War II is set it up so that third parties call the shots, and there are not any opportunities for individuals who want to make a cost-conscious choice to buy a good quality health care package. In effect, the individual has been divorced from the process completely.  I am not calling for individuals to go off into the health insurance marketplace by themselves. What I am saying is they ought to have the opportunity, as we have as Members of Congress, to be part of a large group where they can have clout, where they aren't discriminated against, where they do have power in the marketplace to make a sensible choice for themselves and their family.  So in each of these areas, Mr. President--and this is why I wanted to come to the floor of the Senate today, because I know emotions are starting to run hot on this health issue--I have outlined ways in which Democrats and Republicans can come together. The Congressional Budget Office, which is the independent arbiter of all of this, has largely scored the proposals I have outlined in the legislation that 14 Senators are in support of as being budget neutral over a 2-year phase-in period. The CBO has said that in the third year the proposals would actually start bending the cost curve downward.  I close with this--and I thank my colleague and friend from Georgia for his patience--I think we have five of our most dedicated legislators working now on a bipartisan basis in two committees to bring Democrats and Republicans together. The leaders on the Finance Committee on which I serve--Chairman Baucus and Senator Grassley have been extremely fair and gracious. They have put untold hours into this issue. Both of them have spent an exceptional amount of time with me, and they have extended that offer to literally any Member of the Senate, to sit down and spend time with them to try to address this bill in a bipartisan way. In the HELP Committee, Senator Kennedy, Senator Dodd, and Senator Enzi who serves on both committees, are extending the same kind of goodwill. I have told the leaders of both of these committees I am going to do everything I can to bring to them the ideas I have outlined today that have strong bipartisan support and have been scored by the Congressional Budget Office as saving money and pushing the cost curve downward. I have great confidence in the leaders of those two committees, because they are showing they want to spend the time to bring the Senate together.  I see the distinguished Senator from Maine on the floor, and I know that for a lot of us who have worked together on health care over a lot of years, this is a historic opportunity. This is the place--the Senate--and this is the time to get it done. I believe Democrats and Republicans coming together can make it happen.  Mr. President, with that I yield the floor.  