President, I wish to take an additional minute. I thank my friend from Utah.  What is striking about this debate is the opportunity to bring both sides together. As I outlined the Free Choice approach and the pathway to savings for middle-class folks--portable coverage, incentives for prevention--it could work its way into a variety of different bills that are being considered. Obviously, Senator Bennett and I feel very strongly about our legislation, the Healthy Americans Act, but I was very pleased with the discussion I had the other night over dinner with the distinguished Senator from Connecticut, the chairman of the HELP Committee, who has some good ideas as well.  What I hope we will do, what Senator Bennett and I have sought to do lo these many months, is focus on some bedrock principles. I cited the three that have been important to President Obama: the question of holding down costs, ensuring choice, maintaining quality.  I believe--Senator Bennett and I have worked together on this--that our approach with Free Choice in particular making sure we don't have all these firewalls that would prevent choice for millions of Americans would--would actually reward Americans for shopping wisely.  I was very glad that both Chairman Baucus, who said he would look at our Free Choice proposal, and Chairman Dodd, the same openness at looking at our proposal, captured that this would be a way to carry out the President's agenda for addressing the questions middle-class people are talking about all over the country.  Obviously, Senator Bennett and I--and I am very pleased the distinguished Senator from Delaware has joined us. He is certainly a veteran of the Senate and what it takes to come up with bipartisan coalitions. I am very pleased to be on the floor with two good friends who know a lot about health care and what it takes to build bipartisan coalitions.  What I wanted to do was to say that in addition to our legislation, which we obviously feel strongly about, this concept of Free Choice and making sure you reward individuals, as we do in so many areas of American life, could really pay off quickly for middle-class people in terms of savings and access to quality health care.  I am very hopeful that as we go into these last couple of weeks before the recess--and we have offered this proposal to Chairman Baucus, the chairman of the committee on which I serve--Democrats and Republicans can come together so that before the August recess, we will have at a minimum identified some ideas.  Our Free Choice proposal is just one that will allow us through the month of August to show middle-class people that we are serious about their concerns.  Right now they are trying to sort this debate out. Suffice it to say, they see a lot of arguing in Washington, DC. They hear a lot of the discussion about health care, which almost sounds like gibberish when you listen to all the technical lingo. If we can come back with ideas such as Free Choice and say: Look, middle-class people, you and your family can be part of a system that is very similar to what my family enjoys--and it has paid off for my family at the beginning of the year when I was choosing a plan that is more economical for me, or rewards prevention--then we get behind proposals that bring Democrats and Republicans together. I point out this is one area that the budget office has indicated will actually score substantial savings--not in 10, 12, 14 years from now, but in the second year after it is fully implemented.  I thank my colleague from Utah for all his support and counsel.  I yield the floor.  