What it means is, if you have a health care problem and you work in a small business and you have a good idea and you would like to go out and set up your own small business, you are not going to be able to do it because you have a preexisting illness. You are locked into your job. What your insurance reforms do in the HELP legislation, and what I think a lot of Senators want to do, is lift that entrepreneurship tax.  This is very appropriate that you talk about taxes because that is whatthis always comes down to. Your insurance reforms specifically, as a result of making sure that person who has a good idea--perhaps that gentleman's business the Senator just described--they are going to be able to do what makes America great, which is use their ingenuity and talent because when they go to their next job, they are not going to face insurance discrimination.  I appreciate the Senator bringing up the entrepreneurship tax. I am looking forward to working with the chairman over the next few weeks. I think there is additional work we can do on the exchanges. The Senator from Oregon, Mr. Merkley, my colleague who is doing such a good job, talked about some of those options. I think we can get additional people more bargaining power, and in effect build on the good work done in the HELP Committee.  Thanks for all the time tonight. You have done a first-rate job on prevention. Again, I appreciate lifting that entrepreneurship tax. That is why I wanted to take a minute to point that out.  I look forward to working specifically with my colleagues on the HELP Committee. Let's expand those exchanges because that makes the system work for us and Members of Congress.  I checked the other day. My pool--put on the front page of our paper--is 1 million people. That is a lot of folks to spread costs and risk among. Senator Harkin and I have talked about it. It is not possible to replicate that exactly, for a variety of reasons. We can get close. We can get pretty close because we can build on the good work Senators have done in the HELP Committee, expand the exchanges, and give more people choices and more opportunities to lower their premiums and, in my view, close the sale with the insured people over the next few months.  I thank the Chairman for all the time.  (