Senator Feinstein and I have sat next to each other on the Intelligence Committee now for I think about 8 years. We have talked about this issue on many occasions. I commend the Senator from California for all of her leadership.  This is the right way to start off our committee on breaking with the last 8 years of flawed policies that have been of dubious effectiveness and dubious legality. I am very pleased, honored to be one of our cosponsors, and I note that our outgoing chair, Senator Rockefeller, is one of our cosponsors, and Sheldon Whitehouse, the distinguished Senator from Rhode Island, is one of the cosponsors and is a great addition to our committee as well. So Ithank the chair for all of her leadership.  What I think Senator Feinstein has touched upon, and very thoughtfully, is, if you share our view that it is possible to fight terrorism ferociously without compromising American laws or American values, you must, as Senator Feinstein has correctly stated, you must be smarter in order to strike that balance in a dangerous world.  Regrettably, this administration has not been willing to show this sort of wisdom. All too often for the last 8 years the administration has engaged in complicated legal gymnastics to justify antiterrorism programs that, in my view, are of questionable effectiveness, questionable legality. Today, the incoming chair of our committee, Senator Feinstein, is helping us with this important legislation. The Lawful Interrogation and Detention Act is helping us to right the balance and show the country that with smart antiterrorism policies we can effectively fight the war against terrorism and at the same time restore our moral authority and protect our values.  I will tell you, based on the information I have seen again and again, and what we are told by military leaders, these coercive techniques simply are not effective. General Petraeus, for example, has discussed with respect to soldiers in Iraq, that coercive techniques may be usable in terms of forcing someone to talk, but that does not necessarily mean the person will say something that protects American security.  Senator McCain, our distinguished colleague from Arizona, has made much of the same point. Certainly, the use of these techniques in a number of instances can be detrimental to our national security. Certainly, the techniques have discouraged allies in the past from cooperating with us and, frankly, in my view, they serve as something of a recruiting poster for our enemies.  One of the areas I hope to pursue in the future, not as part of this legislation but working with our incoming chair, working with our ranking minority member, Senator Bond, and the administration of the President-elect, is I hope to be able to declassify a significant portion of the history of this program, particularly the legal underpinnings of this program, so the American people will actually be able to see that much of what has been done in the last 8 years simply is not as effective in the war against terrorism as the American people deserve.  Certainly, it is important to recognize that when Americans are captured abroad in the future, international standards of prisoner treatment, particularly the Geneva Convention, will sometimes be the only shield they have. These standards have evolved from hopeful ideals into widely observed rules of conduct, partly because the most powerful country on Earth has led by example.  Anytime our Government attempts to dodge these standards, it weakens them, and it increases the risk of abuse for our prisoners. The fact that our worst enemies have horrifying and barbaric methods for dealing with prisoners does not, in my view, make these methods useful or legitimate.  I am confident that President-elect Obama is not going to engage in many of the practices that we have seen in the last 8 years. But I certainly want to pass legislation that codifies these important principles and makes sure that none of his future successors engage in these practices. That means you have to make the laws plain; you have to make them strong. This legislation will make them plainer and stronger than they are today. I would submit that is essentially what Senator Feinstein has been working for all these past years.  I want to mention a couple of the other provisions. I was struck by Senator Feinstein's comment with respect to the use of contractor interrogators at the CIA. As Senator Feinstein noted, we do not get to have a lot of open sessions in our Intelligence Committee. That is for obvious reasons; we are dealing with classified material. But I have felt, as Senator Feinstein, very strongly about this topic and actually raised this concern with Admiral McConnell at his confirmation hearing to head our intelligence service. I remain concerned about this issue, and that provision in the Feinstein legislation is especially important, in my view, because interrogators must be accountable. Under the clear language with respect to these interrogators in the Feinstein legislation, that will be the case.  Finally, let me comment on the provision that closes the prison at Guantanamo. During the past 8 years, I was concerned about the potential impact of this legislation and this provision. I was concerned at that point because it was not clear to me that President Bush had a competent plan for dealing with all of the prisoners currently held there.  I was concerned that closing Guantanamo could simply lead to a massive upswing in extraordinary rendition. Fortunately, President-elect Obama is working on a different strategy for dealing with those prisoners at Guantanamo, so I no longer have the same concern that under his administration we would simply have prisoners handed over to foreign countries that would torture them. I have long believed that if you looked at the intent of the Bush administration in this area, they sought to create a prison at Guantanamo Bay that would be under U.S. control but beyond the reach of U.S. law. Now the Supreme Court has definitively ruled that constitutional protections apply to people at Guantanamo Bay. So I would hope that even the prison's strongest advocates would say it serves no useful purpose.  The combination of the clear language in the Feinstein legislation we discuss today and that President-elect Obama is looking at a comprehensive plan for dealing with the prisoners at Guantanamo leaves me with a reassurance that there is a chance to close this prison and do it in a responsible fashion that will protect America's national security interests.  There are four of us who are sponsoring this legislation. We have sought for many months to get these issues of interrogation and Guantanamo right. We have consistently tried to pursue this in a bipartisan fashion. We are going to continue to do so in this session.  I believe, under the leadership of our incoming chair, it is going to be possible to get our Nation's counterterrorism program back on a firm legal and operational footing and prevent the mistakes of the past from being repeated.  I yield the floor.  