Chair, I couldn't agree with Congressman Griffith more about the necessity of transitioning communities.  When I look back to the 1990s when something called NAFTA passed--the North American Free Trade Agreement--we were promised that there would be a North American development bank and that any community that was harmed in the South or the North would be helped.  The Federal Government never kept its word. It never kept its word. Go try to find that North American development bank today and we look at hollowed-out communities across this country.  If we look at the coal communities in--and Ohio has a lot of coal. We actually have more Btus under the ground between Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio, all the way to Illinois, than the Middle East has oil. It is just a little bit harder. So we look at these communities that have been so devastated, and the Federal Government kind of sat on the side.  Yes, we had the Appalachian Regional Commission terribly underfunded without the kind of bonding and development authority that should exist.  I look at the steel communities that I represent. People in my district are getting pink slips every day at our big steel companies because of imported steel, and the Federal Government sits on its hand here at the Federal level in the International Trade Commission and the National Economic office over at the National Security Council. It upsets me a great deal that we haven't been able to help communities so impacted.  I hope that, for those communities that are suffering because of the transition in the energy sector partly due to the discovery of natural gas, quite frankly, in places like Ohio--and I am not sure about Virginia--we really need the type of transition program that we should have had back in the 1990s for the NAFTA communities and that we should have had for the steel communities. The Federal Government is just too far away from the places where we live to even see it sometimes.  So I share the gentleman's passion on that, but I really don't think that we should take from the accounts that are providing some of the future answers. I hope that regions like yours could move into the new energy economy as well.  Up in the Lake Erie area where I live, we are trying very, very hard to capture the wind. Lake Erie is the Saudi Arabia of wind, and it is part of our new future and part of a new grid. We hope to be very successful there. I hope that some of these new technologies could also burgeon in regions of Virginia. There is no reason that they can't.  I believe the Department of Energy, the Department of Labor, the Department of Commerce, and all of our departments have an obligation to the communities that have been harmed because of policies that happen in the private sector or the public sector, but we haven't been so good at that as the Federal Government.  So I reluctantly oppose the gentleman's amendment, but I understand his motivation. I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the Griffith amendment.  I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Griffith).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it.  