Speaker, I thank Congressman Chabot for yielding. It is really a pleasure to be here with him this evening and to pay tribute to a wonderful, wonderful Congressman, Steve LaTourette, from the great State of Ohio.  Obviously, we return here this evening to Congress following an election in which new depths of feverish partisanship were reached in the country, and I feel humbled to speak in tribute to our late Republican colleague and friend, Ohio Congressman Steve LaTourette.  He was a lawyer's lawyer. He was very, very intelligent and a very effective lawmaker, and he remained a loyal Republican. But at the same time, he exemplified, as Congressman Chabot has said, the importance of compromise and negotiation to the political process for the sake of the Republic and the American people.  He always prioritized his constituents over partisan concerns, and he built alliances with House Members of all stripes in pursuit of the common good. He always conducted himself with a warm smile and a witty manner throughout, and he always had a good word. I remember how he sort of looked at you from above his glasses when he would get out of a committee meeting, always with a broad smile.  It was an honor and a privilege to have served for so many years in the same Ohio delegation as Steve. He exhibited so much love for our State and endeavored to help all Ohioans, even those not in his constituency. In many ways, he was not just a representative for the 19th and then the 14th District of Ohio, but a representative for all of Ohio, as he effectively worked on our Committee on Appropriations.  One of my fondest passions has been to champion the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative that focuses on the Great Lakes region, and it often brought us together to work to promote investment in the world's largest freshwater ecosystem, with 95 percent of our Nation's freshwater and serving over 30 million Americans; 1\1/2\ million jobs, and $62 billion in wages are generated in this Great Lakes nation each year. Steve understood the immense environmental and economic importance of the Great Lakes to the region and our Nation because he came from northern Ohio. It was a real pleasure to work with Steve to champion our Great Lakes issues.  I recall on another front, in 2005, following cuts to the Pentagon's budget, it was announced that 1,200 jobs at the Defense Finance and Accounting Service in the Federal office building in Cleveland, Ohio, were to be cut and shipped out to Indianapolis. Steve was able not only to successfully lobby the Defense Department to preserve the jobs, but with his great chutzpah, hesecured an expansion of the office's size by over 600 jobs the following year. Many of those employees are now my constituents, and I know they retain, as I do, a deep gratitude for Steve's vital intervention. He put the same type of effort into so many projects: the Inner Belt Bridge in Cleveland, the Port of Cleveland, and so much more in northeastern Ohio and throughout our State.  These local examples are demonstrative of the ideals and goals that motivated Steve in the wider, national political context, prioritizing the public interest and working with anyone and everyone to get things done. The list is extensive. Steve was one of just seven Republicans to vote against stripping the National Public Radio of all public funding. He had courage. He advocated for a mixed and pragmatic approach to deficit reduction. He blocked legislation aimed at weakening worker protection, and he voted in favor of an increase in unemployment benefits as the Great Recession began to bite. The list goes on.  He was a loyal Republican, but he also represented his region. Yet Steve was critical and, frankly, heartsick about the stark political divide now found in the House and also of the tone in which that divide and debate is conducted. I was filled with an immense sense of regret and sadness upon his decision not to seek reelection in 2012, especially because of his reason. He had ``reached the conclusion that the atmosphere'' in the House ``no longer encourages the finding of common ground.''  His comments remain highly resonant today: If this Chamber was not able to create a space and forge an environment in which Representative LaTourette felt able to serve, then how can we expect to pursue the public good to help the people of this great Nation? Steve's tragic and courageous death must serve as a calling to us all to constantly recall America's promises and for what purpose we serve in this great House.  When Steve passed away, a leading light of bipartisanship was extinguished. As we embark upon a new political chapter in Washington, let us all do our best to rekindle that fire in his memory.  I thank Congressman Chabot for yielding to me and for arranging for this Special Order in tribute to our dear friend, Steve LaTourette.  