Chairman and Members, this amendment tells the Department of Energy to ignore the latest climate change science. Even worse, the amendment denies that carbon pollution is harmful.  According to this amendment, the cost of carbon pollution is zero. That is science denial at its worst, and, frankly, it is just simply wrong.  Tell homeowners in Arizona or those who live up in Canada, where the wildfires have just raged and who have seen their homes ravaged by drought-stoked wildfires, that there are no costs from climate change.  If you are a gardener, like I am, even the backs of seed packets have changed, because what used to be aTennessee tomato, now we grow it in Ohio. The climate zones are moving north. It is getting warmer.  Tell that to the firefighters who have to put everything else on the line to fight those fires that rage in California and points west or north.  Tell that to the children and the elderly that will be plagued by heat stress and vulnerable to increased disease.  Tell that to the people evacuated from the Isle de Jean Charles in Louisiana who will lose homes as their island vanishes under the rising sea.  Or how about Houston, Texas, with the flash flooding? That is one of the most recent.  These people are looking to us to protect America and to protect them, and they are looking to the Republicans to finally be reasonable.  The truth is that no one will escape the effects of unmitigated climate change. It will have an impact on all of us, and, frankly, it is having an impact on all of us.  But this amendment waves a magic wand and decrees that climate change imposes no costs at all. House Republicans can vote for this amendment. They can try to block the Department from recognizing the damage caused by climate change and the potential damage, but they cannot overturn the laws of nature. They are powerful.  We should be heeding the warnings of the climate scientists, not denying reality. Thank God we have them. We don't have to operate in ignorance.  Recently, our Nation's leading climate scientists released the National Climate Assessment, which continues to show evidence confirming the ongoing impacts of climate change.  Leading scientists around the world, not just here, agree the evidence is unambiguous. This amendment tells the Department to ignore some of the wisest people in the world.  The latest science shows that climate change is expected to exacerbate heat waves--those have been felt around the country--droughts--look at Lake Mead in Las Vegas. Look at the rings going down.  Look at millions and millions of acres now enduring wildfires. Look at the added floods, water- and vector-borne diseases, which will be greater risks to human health and lives around the world.  The security of our food supply will diminish, resulting in reductions in production and increases in prices.  According to a leading climate science body, the IPCC, increasing global temperatures and drastic changes in water availability, which we have just heard about on this floor, in California, for heaven's sake, combined with an increase in food demand poses large risks to food security globally and regionally.  When I was born, there were 146 million people in this country. By 2050, we will have 500 million. It takes more animals, it takes more machines, it takes more energy, to feed that population, and it takes much more to feed the global population.  Human beings and our way of life do have an impact on what happens on this very, very suspended planet in the Milky Way galaxy.  This amendment tells the Department to ignore these and many other impacts, and, frankly, I view that as irresponsible.  Federal agencies have a responsibility to calculate the costs of climate change and take them into account. It is plain common sense, and it is a life-and-death matter.  That is exactly what the Obama administration is doing. An interagency task force worked over the course of several years to estimate the costs of the harm from carbon pollution.  The cost calculation was first issued in 2010 and updated in 2014 and continues to be refined by incorporating new scientific and technical information and soliciting input from leading experts.  This was a very constructive calculation and a conservative one at that, with the full costs of climate change almost certainly being higher. But it is better than the previous estimate and much, much better than assuming the costs are nothing.  Unfortunately, that is what this amendment would require the government to assume: zero harm, zero costs, zero danger, from carbon pollution and climate change.  The truth is that unchecked climate change would have a catastrophic economic and human impact here and across the world.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  