Chair, this amendment is actually costly, inefficient, and it rolls back progress in a department that has really been experiencing tremendous leadership under Dr. Ernest Moniz.  The Mullin amendment would stop the Department of Energy from proposing or finalizing any rule that may cost more than $100 million annually, the Congressman says. Mr. Chair, this is just another attempt to ensure that agencies are unable to enact important rules and regulations that protect consumers and benefit our Nation.  What if that had been done back when the Clean Water Act was first passed?  We would have had communities across this country pumping sewage into their kitchens.  At the DOE alone, the Mullin amendment would stall 14 rules that are currently in progress, a third of which are consensus agreements that the DOE has worked with industry to finalize. The amendment would also waste valuable manpower and resources for both the DOE and the industries involved in these consensus agreements.  This makes no sense. We need to move on with the business of America. Taking a myopic view of our Nation's regulatory practices is nothing new for this majority. Time and again, we have seen appropriation riders and authorizing legislation that only looks at the costs that are associated with agency rules and that completely ignores the associated benefits to our country. This amendment is no different.  These proposals overlook the extensive review process that already exists for rules. For example, every new rule is already scrutinized up and down by numerous Federal agencies as well as by key stakeholders and the public through very, very extensive input that agencies seek. Let me explain.  For economically significant rules, an agency must provide the Office of Management and Budget with an assessment and, to the extent possible, with a quantification of the benefits as well as of the costs of a proposed rule. In accordance with Executive Order No. 12866, the agency has to justify the costs associated with the rule, and these costs are justified with benefits, which is something the Mullin amendment appears to think doesn't exist, but that is simply false.  For example, in his 2015 analysis of the estimated costs and benefits of significant Federal regulations, the OMB estimated that, over the last decade, the benefits of these rules outweighed the economic costs by nine to one--and that is OMB. These benefits have translated into real money for the American taxpayer.  As a result of standards established by the DOE, a typical American household already saves over $200 a year on its energy bill. That comes in different forms. Whether it is a more efficient refrigerator or whether it is light bulbs or whether it is insulation, we all know the benefits.  Besides economic benefits, these standards provide benefits to our environment and the well-being of our communities. The 40 new or updated standards issued by the DOE will assist in reducing carbon emissions by over 2 million metric tons through 2030, and will help this Nation curb climate change, which we all know threatens the health of our environment as well as of our communities.  Republicans should stop trying to undermine the rulemaking process. They should stop ignoring the real-world benefits of these rules to society and the progress that we are making as a country.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.  