Chairman, I strongly oppose this damaging rider which would block the Department of Energy from implementing or enforcing commonsense energy efficiency standards for light bulbs. I have the highest respect for Dr. Burgess, but not on this particular topic.  This rider was a bad idea when it was first offered 5 years ago, and it is even more unsupportable now. Every claim made by proponents of this rider has been proven wrong.  Dr. Burgess told us that the energy efficiency standards would ban incandescent light bulbs. That is simply false. You can go to any store today and see shelves of modern, energy-efficient, incandescent light bulbs that meet the standard. I have bought them myself.  They are the same as the old bulbs except that they last longer, they use less electricity, and they save consumers money.  We have heard for years that the energy efficiency standards restrict consumer choice. But if you have shopped for light bulbs lately, you know that simply isn't true.  Modern incandescent bulbs, compact fluorescent light bulbs, and LEDs of every shape, size, and color are now available. Consumers have never had more choice. The efficiency standards spurred innovation that dramatically expanded options for consumers.  Critics of the efficiency standards claimed that they would cost consumers money. In fact, the opposite is true. When the standards are in full effect, the average American family will save about $100 every year. That comes to $13 billion in savings nationwide every year. But this rider threatens those savings, and that is why consumer groups have consistently opposed this rider.  Here is the reality. The 2007 consensus energy efficiency standards for light bulbs were enacted with bipartisan support and continue to receive overwhelming industry support.  U.S. manufacturers are already meeting the efficiency standards. The effect of the rider is to allow foreign manufacturers to sell old, inefficient light bulbs in the United States that violate the efficiency standards.  That is unfair to domestic manufacturers who have invested millions of dollars in the United States in those plants to make efficient bulbs here that meet the standards.  Why on earth would we want to pass a rider that favors foreign manufacturers who ignore our laws and penalizes U.S. manufacturers who are following our laws?  But it even gets worse. The rider now poses an additional threat to U.S. manufacturing. The bipartisan 2007 energybill requires the Department of Energy to establish updated light bulb efficiency standards by January 1 of next year.  It also provided that, if final updated standards are not issued by then, a more stringent standard of 45 lumens per watt automatically takes effect. Incandescent light bulbs currently cannot meet this backstop standard.  This rider blocks DOE from issuing the required efficiency standards and ensures that the backstop will kick in. Ironically, it is this rider that could effectively ban the incandescent light bulb.  The Burgess rider directly threatens existing light bulb manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, across our region. It would stifle innovation and punish companies that have invested in domestic manufacturing.  This rider aims to reverse years of technological progress only to kill jobs, increase electricity bills for our constituents, and worsen pollution.  It is time to choose common sense over rigid ideology, and it is time to listen to the manufacturing companies, consumer groups, and efficiency advocates, who all agree that that rider is harmful.  I urge all Members to vote ``no'' on the Burgess light bulb rider, no matter how well intended.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  