Chairman, the gentleman has hit a very soft spot with me here, the automotive and trucking industries, so vital to my area of the country and so vital to the whole economy.  Actually, the manufacturing part of America, as it recovers, is lifting us to new heights with economic growth. I rise in strong opposition to this amendment because, again, it takes America backward, not forward.  This amendment seeks to prohibit funding for the Department of Energy's 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan, which is a fantastic initiative which would set America on a long-term path to achieving our economic and climate goals.  I am telling you, when you see some of what is being done with new materials science, with new composites, with metals and plastics technologies, I can go from Ford's Ecoboost engine, to Chrysler's new vehicles, to Dana's new axle plant being built in the Midwest, to General Motors and the wonderful work that they are doing at Brook Park. One plant after another, you can see the results of innovation where the Department of Energy, working with the private sector, is bringing the future to us every day.  The 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan would scale up clean transportation research and development, critical for the clean transportation systems of the future. Did you know that in the internal combustion engine we still do not understand how fuel actually burns? The Department of Energy is doing wonderful research to try to help important companies like Cummins Engine figure out how fuel is actually used in those engines to make them more efficient.  We have to talk about reducing the cost of batteries and developing low-carbon fuels such as biofuels. We don't have all the answers. Industry alone doesn't do it alone because some of this is basic research.  We also are involved in funding the development of regional low-carbon fueling infrastructure, including charging stations for electric vehicles for those people who choose to purchase those and pumps for hydrogen fuel cell cars. Yes, we are inventing the future. You know what? It feels pretty good.  Finally, it would investigate future mobility and intelligent transportation systems like vehicle connectivity and self-driving cars. Last week the Motor & Equipment Manufacturers Association was up here, and I went over to the northeastern part of the city, drove a Peterbilt truck with Bendix technology and with the automatic braking systems that are just incredible in a vehicle that has a cubic ratio of about 480 cubic inches to that engine. What an incredible piece of engineering that is.  The Department of Energy is always driving us into the future, and that is where we need to go. Our Nation has always been a leader on innovation. To sustain this pace, we must continue to invest in programs like the 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan, which drives our economy forward.  The automotive industry and all the related suppliers, including trucks, represent about one out of every seven jobs in this country. We are in stiff competition with markets that are closed, with markets that try to target our industry and snuff them out of existence. I think that we have to do everything possible.  I co-chair the House Automotive Caucus here along with Congressman Mike Kelly of Pennsylvania, and I would have to say that the gentleman's amendment does not take us forward, but backward.  I would urge my colleagues to oppose it very, very strongly.  