Chair, it is interesting that a Member from Colorado, which is where the National Renewable Energy Laboratory--I would sure like to have that in Ohio--is headquartered. I have actually visited that site and have been so impressed by the basic research that has been done in so many arenas that has brought new products to market.  When I look at the solar industry, for example, were it not for the photovoltaic research of the U.S. Department of Energy back in the early days, it would not now be employing more people than those who work in many of the other energy sectors put together. It is amazing to me that it is one of the fastest growing segments of our market.  But the basic research that had to be done--the thin film research, the work on silicates, on cadmium tellurides, so many of the ingredients--frankly, there was no company that was able to take that risk in the past. And they certainly couldn't get the funding; I can guarantee you that. Some of this research started back in the 1980s. So I think that the energy efficiency and renewable energy programs are just terribly important.  On the nuclear front, there is no private company that has figured out how to really handle the waste product from nuclear. We have to invest in nuclear energy to build a safer world for the future, and the Department of Energy does that. No private company takes that on.  In fact, we have a lot of waste. There are environmental management projects across this country, hundreds of billions of dollars. We have to handle cleanup from past years and the cold war. No private company is able to do that on its own. That is something that is a legacy of our defense structure.  I am really not quite sure what the gentleman's objective is here, but I don't want to take America backwards. I want her to move forward.  We are now at 91 percent in terms of our ability to fund our energy use here in our country, compared to half that just several years ago. That is a real accomplishment. It is something that the public sector and the private sector are able to work on together.  I really think that the gentleman's efforts are misguided, and I would have to oppose this amendment.  