Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman's amendment. Any proposal to sunset the Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturing Program or limit the pipeline of projects that may be eligible is shortsighted and should be rejected.  Why? First, the program is a critical one for the American automotive industry and has supported its resurgence. They have issued more than $8 billion in loans to date, and these loans have resulted in the manufacture of more than 4 million fuel-efficient advanced vehicles, supported approximately 35,000 direct jobs across eight States, including California, Illinois, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Kentucky, New York, and Tennessee, and saved more than 1.35 million gallons of gasoline. Not too bad.  The success has been achieved with losses of only approximately 2 percent of a total portfolio of $32 billion for the loan programs office. That is a lower percent than most banks have on the loans that they make. What we are talking about here is higher level research, higher level investments in technologies that are yet being born.  Why else should we reject this amendment? Instituting an arbitrary and immediate deadline for applications to this program would result in the Department losing billions of dollars in loan authority itself. The program currently has billions in loan requests in the pipeline from both automakers and component manufacturers for projects in 10 States.  Thirdly, capping the program of eligible projects will hinder the Department's ability to issue new loans to support domestic manufacturing of advanced vehicles especially at a time when we are asking the industry to meet rising fuel economy standards.  It is really amazing what has been done just in the last 15 years. When we look at some of the vehicles coming out now, we are seeing vehicles like the Cruze, 33 miles a gallon. Some are going up to 40, some to 50. It is really amazing what has happened, the transformation that is happening in this industry that we are living through directly.  I oppose the gentleman's amendment because I really do believe innovation has always led us into the future. This is the kind of program that can provide the capital necessary to expand our domestic manufacturing when so much of it is being offshored. It is a major issue in the Presidential election this year in both political parties, how we are going to restore manufacturing in this country.  We have to do it through innovation. We have to do it in sectors that are muscle sectors like the automotive and truck industry that are so vital and produce real wealth for this country, not imported wealth, but wealth that we produce ourselves through all the componentry, the thousands and thousands and thousands of components that go into these vehicles, and the fuel efficiency that makes them competitive in the marketplace of today.  I oppose the gentleman's amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  