 Mr. Chair, I, regretfully, rise in opposition to this defense bill--a bill I certainly would prefer to support. Surely, this decision is difficult because of the deep respect I hold for the chairman, Congressman Frelinghuysen of New Jersey, and for Ranking Member Visclosky of Indiana; but like this year's National Defense Authorization Act, this bill recklessly endangers our servicemembers by severely restricting thefinancial stability, certainty, and budgeting predictability that commanders need to plan beyond next April.  Over and over, our service chiefs and secretaries have requested one thing from Congress--stability and predictability in the budget so they can properly train and equip their troops for war. ``Do your job,'' they say, ``so we can do ours.'' This bill does not fulfill our responsibilities as a Congress nor does it uphold our end of the bargain with our servicemembers and their families.  Instead, this bill replaces predictability with political posturing, and it replaces stability with budget shortsightedness. It places our national defense in a position of uncertainty after April 30 of 2017, and it proclaims neither strength nor vision. Thus, it shortchanges our troops who need it most--those engaged in the battlefield. This bill creates a funding cliff that sends a message of hesitation to both our allies and our enemies during a time when steadfast resolve is vital to our success.  Throughout my career, I have always supported our troops and our national defense. Whether honoring veterans with the World War II Memorial or pushing for energy independence to increase security at home and abroad, our commitment to protect and defend the American people has always been my top priority as a Member of Congress. However, I can't support a bill that causes a soldier who is deployed in Afghanistan or in any theater to wonder whether or not he or she is going to be paid on May 1 of 2017. I urge my colleagues to vote against this flawed and incomplete bill.  Finally, in closing, let me extend special regards to my brother, Steve, who is as courageous a fighter as I have ever known.  