I thank him for his leadership on Great Lakes issues. That is a vast district that he represents and one that is vital to our country. I thank him for participating this evening.  Before I yield to Congressman Mike Kelly of the Third District of Pennsylvania, I just want to say that the region that we are talking about, the Great Lakes, actually, if it were a country on its own, would be the third largest economy in the world. We are talking about a vast and important part of our Nation with more fresh water than any other part of the continent.  The Great Lakes navigation system, including the Soo Locks that Congressman Benishek referenced, encompasses this vast region, and the Seaway that is a part of this that was actually built by President Eisenhower--it was built back in the 1950s--constitutes through the locks the shortest distance between the heartland of America and the ports of northern Europe and many other global destinations.  Most people have never been through the Soo Locks because we tend to move commerce through the locks. We have some tourism, obviously, but it really is a busy industrial corridor and has the lowest cost transportation. Waterborne transportation is the lowest cost mode of transportation. So you have the big containers and so forth that move through the Seaway, and then we have the interlake trade, which is heavily industrial, as Congressman Benishek referenced.  In recent years, the number of passages through the locks that go all the way from Duluth all the way out through Massena, New York, going throughout these Great Lakes, this whole system has averaged about 10,000 vessels per year. That is down a bit from prior years because what has happened is the vessels got larger and they could carry more freight. But the system exists. It operates every day.  The ports and channels of the Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Seaway System support over 226,000 jobs in both the United States and Canada because the Seaway is operated by both countries, and it brings a total of $33.5 billion in business revenue to the United States and Canada annually. For Ohio, our largest trading partner is Canada, and some of those goods move across the water.  In the United States alone, the system supports over 128,000 jobs and produces a total of $18.1 billion in business revenue annually. Over 42,000 of these jobs are direct jobs in the iron ore and steel industry, which Congressman Benishek referenced. The Great Lakes region produces 90 percent--90 percent--of America's iron ore, and the Great Lakes region also manufactures 58 percent of automobiles on the roads in the United States and Canada. I think Congressman Kelly knows a whole lot about the automobile industry. So this manufacturing and commodity supply chain can only function through the Great Lakes navigation system, which needs modernization.  I am more than pleased to yield to the co-chair of the Great Lakes Task Force here in the House of Representatives, the very esteemed gentleman from Pennsylvania's Third District (Mr. Kelly) centered at Erie.  