President.  I first thank the Senator from Massachusetts for yielding me time but, more importantly, thank him for his tremendous efforts on the floor of this Senate for the last several days. Hour upon hour, he has been battling to ensure that this education flexibility bill is not simply a blank check to the States but it also has the kind of accountability that will be necessary to ensure that this flexibility will result in improved student performance. In fact, it is a battle the Governors urged us to take up because they are as concerned as anyone else to ensure that this flexibility is accompanied by accountability.  He has also taken up the fight on two important issues of unfinished business. Last year, we appropriated significant amounts of money over the next several years to ensure that we could reduce class size by hiring additional teachers. It is now imperative that we authorize that appropriation, that we give a sense of continuity, stability, and assurance to the local communities that this money, this program, will be in place over time. Second, last year we also went a long waytoward developing programs to prevent students from dropping out of our schools. Senator Bingaman has been the champion of this program and that is unfinished business that we want to take up.  What has happened in the course of this debate is we have moved beyond both Ed-Flex and accountability and some unfinished business to embrace other issues. The positive value of that is any debate about education, I believe, is inherently healthy, and I am pleased to do that, but we have taken some steps away from the main topic.  There is one issue I particularly want to concentrate on and focus on. That is an amendment I introduced that would go directly to the issue of educational flexibility, directly to the issue of accountability. I had hoped to have the opportunity to offer the amendment as a stand-alone, that I could debate it and engage in a principled discussion, but because of the parliamentary condition of the floor, because of the unanimous consent, the only opportunity I had to have the amendment offered was to do so in conjunction with one of Senator Lott's amendment.  I am in the awkward position of supporting my amendment and grateful that Senator Lott included it in his amendment, but respectfully differing with Senator Lott on his proposal with respect to IDEA. What Senator Lott is essentially providing to the school districts of America is a Hobson's choice, a choice between decreasing class size or additional resources for IDEA, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. I don't think we should present that choice to school districts. I think we should do all we can to ensure that we properly fund IDEA and at the same time we are able to reduce class sizes throughout the country.  In fact, I argue that a reduction in class size will materially benefit the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act programs throughout the country because the reality of many schoolrooms is that there are IDEA students in large classrooms. They are not getting the attention they need and deserve. At the same time, the other students aren't getting that type of attention. By reducing class size--and this is an amendment that Senator Murray has championed and I salute her--we will help both programs, but ultimately we should be able to find the resources to fund both reduced class sizes and also keep up our commitment to the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act program.  Let me speak specifically about my amendment that goes to the heart of Ed-Flex. It goes to the heart of accountability. What it would do is involve parents, which I think is a topic we have not paid enough attention to. I hope in this oncoming reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, we would put a special emphasis on innovative ways of involving parents in the educational process. We know it works. We know it is important. We know that good schools are schools not only with robust and intellectually curious children and good teachers, they are those schools that have strong parental involvement.  My amendment would simply require the States to have a comment period with respect to their proposals for educational flexibility. Specifically, ask that parents and other interested parties be allowed to comment. These comments would be taken pursuant to State laws. We are not trying to create a special unique procedure. We don't want to add to the burden of States, but we want States to listen to the parents in their communities when they talk about educational flexibility.  More than that, we want these comments to be incorporated in the application to the Secretary of Education so that the Secretary understands not just the perspective of the Governor, but just as importantly--in fact, one might argue more importantly--the perspective of parents in the communities of that State.  I am pleased to say after spending a great deal of discussion with Senator Frist, particularly, we have reached an accommodation acceptable to both sides. In fact, it represents a movement on my part from the amendment I suggested last year which would have required a formal 30-day period of comments that would require an evaluation of the comments by the States in terms of their goals for educational flexibility and incorporating that in the application. We have decided to move closer together in terms of a more streamlined process.  I point out that just a few days ago the Committee on Education and the Workforce in the other body, by an overwhelming vote of 30-9, passed my amendment of last year requiring a much more rigorous parental involvement, a more heavily regulated, if you will, approach to the issue.  In order to have a position in conference that will give us the opportunity to discuss this and discuss this with a principle proposal already on the table, I am extremely pleased that this amendment, the Reed amendment, has been incorporated into Senator Lott's proposal. This Reed amendment is going forward.  It also, I might add, follows precedents we established last year with respect to parental involvement, in particular with respect to the Workforce Investment Act and the Reading Excellence Act. I hope this is the beginning of a trend to involve parents directly with the issue of educational reform at the local level.  I hope it also represents an opportunity that we will follow up in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act to think about ways we can get parents more involved in the education of their youngsters. I also add that the Parent Teachers Association of America supports my amendment, the Education Trust supports it, the American Federation of Teachers and the Center for Law and Education supports this. Also, this was one of the provisions that was pointed out specifically in the statement of administration policy dated March 3 as part of their review of the underlying Ed-Flex legislation.  I say with some regret I cannot support Senator Lott's proposal because I do think it is presenting a Hobson's choice. I think we can do better. I don't think we have to choose between some children versus others. I think we have to recognize that class size will help all children. It may, in fact, be additionally beneficial to children with special needs.  Again, I think as we all recognize that we have a special responsibility to put our money where our noble words are when it comes to the issue of individuals with disabilities and their education in the United States, that requires looking for additional resources rather than simply trying to play one off the other in terms of some children versus other children.  I thank, again, Senator Kennedy's leadership and certainly Senator Frist and Senator Wyden who have been doing a remarkable job on the floor. I hope at the end of the day we will have a bill we can all support. There are some provisions, as I outlined, that I opposed, but I conclude by strongly supporting my amendment which would give parents a real say in the educational flexibility plans that emanate from the States.  With that, I yield back any time I have to Senator Kennedy.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Voinovich). The Senator from New Mexico.  