President, as I look at the Republican proposals, they are deficient in many ways. Of particular concern to me is the way this proposal mistreats children.  The Democratic proposal, the proposal we would like to not only debate but also to vote on, emphasizes the need to protect the children of America. I hope we all can agree that at the end of this Congress at least we can provide adequate protections in managed care for children.  Don't just take my word for it. Take the word of organizations including the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American Association of Children's Residential Centers, the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, the Children's Defense Fund, the Child Welfare League of America. All of these organizations support unequivocally the Democratic Patients' Bill of Rights. This is the legislation we know and they know will protect the children of America.  There are three key points that are terribly important with respect to the differences between the Republican proposal and the Democratic proposal.  First, our legislation will assure access to pediatric specialists. In the world of medicine today, it is not just sufficient to visit an oncologist if you have cancer and you are a child, because pediatric oncology is a particular specialty that is necessary for children who have serious cancers.  Second, our legislation provides clearly expedited review procedures if child development is threatened--not just their life but their development. This is a critical issue that is virtually unique to children. This is something we have to protect and ensure.  Third, we also have provisions within our legislation that will measure outcomes in terms of children, so that when parents are trying to determine what plan is best for their child, they can actually look at measured results: How well this particular plan did--not with a large population of adults, but particularly with respect to children.  The Republican plan has some fuzzy language regarding pediatricians and specialists.  Clearly and unequivocally, there is language in the Democratic legislation that guarantees children access to providers who are trained to take care of them, access to pediatric specialists, expedited review procedures in the case of developmental difficulties for children, and also outcome measures that actually take children into consideration. These are critical issues that have to be included in any managed care legislation we pass on the floor of the Senate.  What did the American people think about that? I have listed August organizations like the American Academy of Pediatrics in support of this measure. Let me tell Members what the American people think.  In February of 1999, a survey by Lake Sosin Snell Perry and Associates and the Tarrance Group--one a Democratic polling firm, the other a Republican polling firm--revealed 86 percent of voters surveyed favored having Congress require health plans to provide children with access to pediatric specialists and hospitals that specialize in treating children.  That is an overwhelming example of what the American people are asking: Protect their children, and give them access to pediatric specialists. Let them choose, as mothers and fathers, pediatricians to be primary care providers for their sons and daughters.  Not only do the American people demand these provisions, they will also pay for them. Seventy-six percent of the voters surveyed said they would pay for these protections, ``even if it increased health insurance costs for families with children by $100 a year.''  They want these protections. Only the Democratic version gives them these protections.  