President, here we are again, debating a conference report on a ten year, $800 billion tax cut.  This tax cut works on the assumption of a budget surplus that has not been realized yet--a surplus that is generated in no small part by already unattainable budget caps which will lead to a significant, 23% to 38% reduction in essential programs, including Pell Grants, special education, community policing, and drug enforcement.  In my home state of Rhode Island, my constituents stand to lose $15.9 million in Title I education funding and $11 million in Special Education funding. In addition, more than 17,000 Rhode Island students would be denied Pell Grants, and more than 2,000 children would be cut from Head Start programs. At a time when one in five children lives in poverty, can we really bear cuts of this magnitude?  At a time when we are asking the government to respond quicker and perform better, particularly with respect to domestic and international crises, we are considering legislation that trades away the essential services that the American people count on in exchange for speculative tax cuts whose benefit will be fleeting.  This legislation is also a threat to the future of Medicare. Indeed, at the point that Medicare teeters at the brink of insolvency in the next ten to twenty years, the cost of this tax cut could balloon to $2 trillion.  We know that we must take steps as soon as possible to shore up Medicare and Social Security. A responsible use of the surplus would be to make a reasonable allowance for essential programs, address the long-term solvency of Social Security and Medicare, and pay down the federal debt. Then, we should consider a targeted reductions for America's working families.  Of course, everyone realizes that we cannot continue to live under the spending caps. In May, a group of eight House Republicans wrote the President, stating, ``A rational compromise is needed to adjust the caps and maintain them for future years at achievable levels.'' If the most ardent architects of the caps are now having secondthoughts, there is little reason to expect they can be observed in the future.  But, we are already breaking the caps with ``emergency'' appropriations--appropriations that do not count against the caps.  What is an ``emergency'' appropriation exactly? Apparently, it is anything the Majority wants it to be. Just the other day, the House passed legislation designating part of the funding for the 2000 Census an ``emergency''. As conservative columnist George Will noted, we have known about next year's Census since 1790. How could it be an ``emergency''? Mr. President, since the end of fiscal year 1998, Congress has approved approximately $35 billion in ``emergency'' spending. One wonders how many other ``emergencies'' like the decennial census are looming.  Beyond the massive cuts to essential domestic initiatives, this tax bill depends on the performance of the economy. But, Mr. President, after the longest peacetime economic expansion in history, can we continue to count on a robust economy for another year, for another five years, for another ten years? The bill before us depends on this sort of gamble.  Ironically, this tax cut could be just the thing that stalls our economic growth. Recently, fifty economists, including 6 Nobel Laureates, wrote that this tax bill will stimulate the economy at precisely the wrong time.  Even Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan, usually a strong supporter of tax cuts, has taken a cautionary view toward these tax reductions. The New York Times reported of his testimony on the Hill last week.       The subject [of tax cuts] came up several times, and Mr.      Greenspan's message was stern: Don't do it. ``I'm saying hold      off for a while,'' Mr. Greenspan said . . . ``And I'm saying      that because the timing is not right.''       Mr. Greenspan urged Congress to pay down the debt and delay      any tax cut until the economy begins to turn down. ``The      business cycle is not dead,'' he warned, telling lawmakers      that whenever an economic slowdown hits, ``a significant tax      cut'' may be needed to ward off recession.  In all respects, this legislation lacks proportionality. Fortunately, this bill, even if it passes the Senate and is sent on to the President, will be vetoed. It is regrettable that we have wasted so much time on this bill, when, instead, we could have focused on truly important issues like preserving Social Security and Medicare. Now that the political play has been made, I hope that we can return to substantive work on issues that really matter to the American people.  