 I rise today to join my colleagues to urge that we not only debate this Ed-Flex bill but we also consider thoughtfully, carefully, and completely many of the amendments that are being put forward by my colleagues.  Senator Bingaman has talked with great eloquence and knowledge about dropout prevention. He has worked for many years to make sure there is a response to that growing problem here in the United States. That is certainly a legitimate issue to bring to this debate on education flexibility. And there are other amendments that should and must be considered.  Many--in fact, all--who have spoken about education flexibility have stressed the need for accountability. The Governors have stressed it. Several Governors appeared before our Education and Labor Committee to talk about not only the need for Ed-Flex but also to insist that they need real accountability to accompany this legislation.  Real accountability means something more than just words. I, for example, have an amendment that would provide for parental involvement in accountability in this process, for notification of parents of the proposed State plan, the pulling together of comments by parents, teachers, and others, and the incorporation of these comments in the application that goes forward to the Secretary of Education. If we can't give parents a voice in education flexibility, then we are not only missing a great opportunity but missing a significant and primary responsibility, and yet that is pending without a vote.  So there is much work left to be done, and I hope we will defeat the motion for cloture so that we can get on with this work, so that we can fairly consider these amendments, we can vote them up or down, but we can consider them. I hope that is the case.  Interestingly enough--and I know this is something that all of my colleagues do--I spent this morning in a school in Rhode Island. I went to the Norwood Avenue Elementary School in Cranston, RI, and I read to first graders, which is a very challenging assignment. And after that, I am even more in favor of smaller class sizes that Senator Murray proposes.  Then I went to the Warwick Neck School in Warwick, RI, and read to first graders. Then I concluded the morning by going to the Mandela Woods School in Providence, RI. This is a new school which just opened, and it has the most diverse population you would want to see in an America school--African Americans, Asian Americans, Latin Americans. It is a tapestry of urban education in the United States. While I was there, it struck me again and again the importance of the issues we are talking about --not just educational flexibility but all of the issues, how smaller class sizes contribute to better performance. And this is the case in the Warwick Neck school, because that is a small school in and of itself with small class sizes. The principal was very, very proud of the fact it had done very well in statewide mathematics testing as a result of their efforts.  So the issue of small class size is there, but also--and I know we have talked about special education--we are beginning to understand now that special education is in many respects a function of early childhood intervention, not just educationally but also in terms of health care. There is a problem in Rhode Island, a terrible problem in Rhode Island, and other places, of lead paint exposure, and that problem leads directly to educational complications.  