President, I rise to join the majority leader and my colleagues in paying tribute to the senior Senator from Rhode Island, John H. Chafee. I do so not only on my own behalf but on behalf of the people of Rhode Island, for they have suffered a grievous loss.  First, I extend my condolences to Mrs. Chafee and the Chafee family. Above all else, John Chafee was a devoted husband, a devoted father, and a loving and caring father and grandfather. Indeed, his family is a living tribute to his remarkable life.  This is a personal loss to his family, to his friends, to his colleagues, but it is also a personal loss to the people of Rhode Island. For over 40 years, he has played a central role in the life of our State, and Rhode Island is a special place for many, many reasons, but it is a special place in particular because it is a place where everyone knows everyone else, and literally every Rhode Islander knew Senator John H. Chafee.  If you had to ask Rhode Islanders what they felt and thought about this man, one word would come quickly to their lips: respect. This respect transcended party politics, social position, every category that we ascribe, sometimes arbitrarily, to people.  This respect was a function of a recognition, first, of his qualities as a man. He was a man of integrity, intelligence, tenacity, and fairness. He was a gentleman. When I arrived in the Senate--and previously as a Member of the other body--he treated me with graciousness and cooperation and help, and I thank him for that from the bottom of my heart.  The respect which Rhode Island holds for this great man is also a function of his selfless service to the Nation. He began that service as a young marine on Guadalcanal. He spent his 20th birthday there. John Chafee, the son of privilege, could have found an easier way to serve his country during World War II, but he chose the very hardest way, so typical of the man. He chose to go ashore with the invasion force of Guadalcanal at a time when it was not clear we would prevail. It was only clear we would give everything to win, and John Chafee was prepared to do that for his country, for his community, indeed, for decency throughout the world.  Later, after serving in World War II and going back to law school, he was ready to assume the privileges and the rights which such service won him. But another war beckoned, and characteristically, John Chafee heard the summons of that trumpet and went to Korea to lead a marine rifle company. Again, he could have found less dangerous assignments but, once again, if American sons were at risk, John Chafee would lead them.  After his service in the Marine Corps, he did return home, finished his law school studies, and came back home to Rhode Island. He served as a member of our general assembly with distinction, and in 1962, he was elected Governor of our State, clearly the most Democratic State in the country, but through arduous campaigning and through his personal qualities, he was elected by over 300 votes. Not a landslide, but enough to give him a chance to serve the people of Rhode Island, and serve he did.  Long before it was popular and chic to be an environmentalist, John Chafee was an environmentalist. With innovative visionary legislation, he began our State's acquisition of open spaces so our quality of life would not be diminished by economic development. In fact, long before many others, he recognized that a good economy and a good environment not only can go hand in hand but must go hand in hand. This was the early sixties, long before Earth Day, long before the organized environmental movement, but he knew in his heart that quality of life was important to maintain. He knew also that our environmental legacy is a gift from God which we must revere, we must cherish, and we must pass on. And he did so.  He was also a builder because it was this time in our history that route 95 was being developed right through the heart of Rhode Island, and he was there. In fact, he joked that it was a great opportunity for a Governor because every time they completed 2 or 3 miles of interstate, he could hold apress conference and talk about the progress. But it was something that was close to him, not because of notoriety, but because he saw this as a way to improve the economy of Rhode Island, to link us more closely to the national economy. Indeed, even up to his last days, he was working to improve the infrastructure, particularly the transportation infrastructure of Rhode Island, a mission he began as our Governor more than 30 years ago.  As my colleague, the senior Senator from Virginia, pointed out, he served with great distinction as Secretary of the Navy. After his family, his State of Rhode Island and the Marine Corps were his great loves. These two passions--his State and the naval service--helped mold his life and, indeed, he in turn helped mold these great institutions--our State and the naval service.  He served with distinction at a time when the Navy was being stretched, the tumult of Vietnam was spilling out into our streets, and still we had to fight a superpower adversary in the form of the Soviet Union. He served with characteristic vision, innovation, and distinction.  He was then elected to the Senate, and for four terms he has shown us all what it is to be a Senator. In fact, it is characteristic that Senator John H. Chafee literally died on active duty serving his Nation and serving his State as a Senator. He spent his whole life in service to the Nation.  The respect for Senator Chafee also emanated from the recognition that he always had an unswerving commitment to principles. He was schooled in the hardest test: Always do the harder right rather than easier wrong.  There are extraordinary numbers of examples to attest to this dedication of principle. I can think of several, but let me just suggest that, again, before so many people took up the cause of gun control, Senator Chafee stood solidly to control the violence in the life of America, to reasonably restrict access to weapons, to ensure that the lives of our children are protected.  I can recall being with him at a rally he organized in Providence, RI, where he had Sarah Brady come in. We were literally enveloped by a large group of counterdemonstrators with bullhorns, pressing in on us, trying to literally disrupt this rally to control guns in our society.  But anyone who waded ashore at Guadalcanal and fought in Korea was not easily intimidated. And he was not. He not only stood his ground that day, but he stood his ground every day to try to argue for more sensible rules with respect to handguns. And that is just one example of where he did, in some respect, the unpopular thing because it was the right thing to do.  This respect also emanates from the recognition by my fellow Rhode Islanders that, more than so many others, he always sought to find the common ground that would bring different groups together, that would result in progress, both in terms of legislation but more importantly progress in terms of the lives of the American people.  He was a pragmatist. He was committed to advancing the well-being of his constituents and the people of this country, and, indeed, the people of the world. He was always looking for practical ways to do that. He was wedded to the strong principles of the Constitution. But he was able to find ways, through the details, to advance those principles, to bring others aboard, to move forward.  When he became impatient, it was an impatience borne of the distractions that we sometimes find ourselves in in this institution and the posturing that we sometimes find ourselves in in this institution--because he was here to do the job of the people of Rhode Island: To improve their lives, to give them more opportunities, to give them more freedom, so they can use it not only for their advancement and the advancement of their children but the advancement of this great country.  He had a special concern for children and those Americans with disabilities. It was a concern that he did not trumpet about, but it was a concern that resonated throughout his entire legislative career.  Today, we have done much to ensure that the poorest children of America have health care through our Medicaid Program. And that was the handiwork of John Chafee--not through press releases but through the hard work of legislation, the detailed intricacies of the Internal Revenue Code, and the Social Security laws. He expanded coverage because, while others would be disheartened by failure of comprehensive reform, he dug in and every day advanced the cause of health care, particularly for children in this country.  He always had a special place in his heart and in his service for disabled Americans. I know that because the disabled citizens in Rhode Island revere and treasure this great man for what he has done--again, long before public acclaim or public notoriety. And why did he do it? Because it was the right thing to do.  In March of this year, Senator Chafee announced he was leaving the Senate and going home. Last evening, he began that final journey home--home to Rhode Island, a State made infinitely better by his effort and example, a place that mourns but will forever revere his service and take pride in his achievements and inspiration from his life.  In the words of the Poet William Butler Yeats:     The man is gone who guided ye, unweary,     through the long bitter way.     Ye by the waves that close in our sad nation,     Be full of sudden fears,     The man is gone who from his lonely station     Has moulded the hard years. . . .     Mourn--and then onward, there is no returning     He guides ye from the tomb;     His memory now is a tall pillar, burning     Before us in the gloom!  Senator Chafee will allow us to mourn, but insist that we move forward to do the unfinished work, which is the hope and promise of America. And with him as a guide we shall. And he would want it that way.  I yield the floor.  