President, we are at a historic juncture. In the 1980's, we faced massive deficits and growing debts. In sum, Congress debated red ink.  On the edge of the millennium, we are debating the question of what to do with about $1 trillion in anticipated budget surpluses.  Why are we here debating a surplus? We are here because of the toughchoice we made in the past: a choice to use fiscal discipline. We started down the road of deficit reduction with the 1993 budget package, which passed without a single Republican vote. In fact, some members on the other side of the aisle claimed the bill would lead to economic collapse. However, because of the courageous stand we took then, we have gone from a $290 billion deficit in 1992 to an estimated $70 billion surplus in 1999.  But we did more than reduce the deficit and restore fiscal discipline, we spurred tremendous economic growth and unprecedented economic expansion. For the sake of perspective, I would like to list the following facts: we have seen 3.5% annual growth since 1993, 18.9 million new jobs, 4.3% unemployment, and the median family income grow by more than $3,500 since 1993. This is good news, and we cannot afford to squander it.  The days of red ink as far as the eye can see are gone. Instead, based on various budget projections, we can suppose that there will be a total surplus of approximately $3 trillion over the next ten years. More than $2 billion of that total comes from Social Security payroll taxes and must absolutely be set aside to preserve Social Security for current and future beneficiaries. Social Security is a promise to those Americans who worked and fought to make this nation great, and it is a program that must be preserved.  The Office of Management and Budget and the Congressional Budget Office both project that the remaining non-Social Security surplus totals roughly $965 billion. But these are merely projections, dependent upon the performance and vagaries of the economy. And, I would caution that the Office and Management and Budget and the Congressional Budget Office have a history of predictions that fall far short of the mark. Indeed, Mr. President, because of changes in the economy between April and July of 1999, the Congressional Budget Office revised its ten year projections, adding $300 billion to the surplus. Imagine--a swing of $300 billion in three months.  But how are we generating the surplus, or more accurately, why is the Congressional Budget Office predicting a budget surplus?  Quite simply, the vast bulk of the non-Social Security surplus, nearly $600 billion of it, comes from the continuation of arbitrary spending caps established in the 1997 Balanced Budget Act. When we passed that legislation, we still had a deficit, but many of us realized then that if these budget caps were maintained beyond the period they were required to balance the budget, they would prevent us from meeting our long-term obligations for education, health care, and the environment.  The American people cannot afford, as my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have asked of them, to retain these caps for the next 10 years. We cannot afford $600 billion in cuts to Pell Grants, Head Start, the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women Infants and Children, Brownfield cleanup, Community Policing, Veterans benefits, and the National Institutes of Health, to name a few essential initiatives. Let me emphasize that the $600 billion figure is not for new, outlandish investments. Rather, that figure represents the resources we need to maintain current levels of funding. Make no mistake, these are cuts, not ``reductions in the rate of growth'', but real cuts.  Moreover, if we adopt the Republican $800 billion tax cut plan and if we fund the President's plan to meet the military's personnel and equipment needs, as the Republican leadership has said it will do, non-defense domestic spending will be cut by a whopping 38% in 2009. Under this scenario, 375,000 children will not get Head Start services, 1.4 million veterans will lose medical care, and 6.5 million poor students will lose Title I education aid. Simply put, the $800 billion tax cut before us today crowds out every priority we know must be met in the future.  Mr. President, the most serious shortfall of the Republican tax bill is that it disposes of the entire surplus without making any provisions to shore up Medicare. By using all of the projected surplus for tax cuts, we leave ourselves severely restricted in the options we will have in the future.  Actuarial reports from the Medicare Trustees project that, under current economic conditions, we will have to contend with the inevitable fact that the Medicare program will be insolvent by 2015. Regrettably, by allocating the entire federal budget surplus for tax cuts, we will be forced to make radical changes to the program, either in the form of dramatic benefit reductions, large increases in premiums, or tax increases.  In addition, the Republican tax cut plan completely ignores the impending burdens of a retiring baby boom generation. The truth is that by 2030, there will be about 70 million Americans 65 years or older, more than twice their number in 1996. In terms of the total population, seniors will grow from 13% to 20% between 1999 and 2030.  In spite of these imminent demographic challenges, the Republican tax cut bill is structured in a way that tax breaks would explode during their second ten years. As the baby boom generation retirements occur, the cost of the tax cuts would explode to $2 trillion.  Prudence dictates that we should take the opportunity the surplus presents to make meaningful changes to the Medicare program. I believe that we should be looking at the possibility of adding a prescription drug benefit as well as additional preventive benefits to the basic package of health care benefits. For elderly Rhode Islanders the cost of prescription drugs is a major concern and a major expense. Unfortunately, Medicare does not cover this expense nor does the COLA for Social Security accurately represent the medical expenditures of today's seniors.  While consideration of these matters should be made in the context of overall structural reform, we must ensure that there are adequate resources to guarantee a basic benefit package upon which Medicare beneficiaries continue to rely.  Sadly, the Republican tax bill saps these resources before the debate can even begin. The massive size of the Republican tax plan threatens to unravel the many years of fiscal austerity that have brought us to this important juncture. Their unrealistic and dangerous proposal sacrifices the future for short-term gratification.  Mr. President, these are good times in our nation. More Americans are employed. More Americans own a home. Crime is down. Productivity is up, and inflation is low.  Working families in Rhode Island expect us to be responsible and prepare for the future. They want us to preserve Medicare, but the Republicans say ``no''. They want us to invest in education, but the Republicans say ``no''. They want us to care for our veterans, but the Republicans say ``no''. They want us to address the shameful fact that 1 out of every 5 children in America lives in poverty, but the Republicans say ``no''.  Mr. President, saying ``no'' to the needs of the American people is not an acceptable legacy for this Congress. On the edge of the Millennium, we should not put politics ahead of what is fair and responsible. Let's build for the future.  