President, I rise as a strong and proud supporter of Senator Kennedy's amendment to raise theminimum wage one dollar over 2 years. I commend Senator Kennedy not only for his leadership today but for his attention to the needs of working Americans throughout his career in the Senate.  Today we are debating, and I hope soon adopting, legislation to address an issue vital to America's working families. The amendment before us calls for a 50-cent increase in the minimum wage in January of 2000, with another 50-cent increase in January of 2001. So in a 2-year period we would increase the minimum wage from $5.15 to $6.15.  This minimum wage increase is a necessity for many individuals participating in today's workforce, particularly those moving from welfare to work. Among the rationales behind welfare reform was that everyone who is able to work should work and that a job should offer a sustainable income. Unless we have a living minimum wage, a minimum wage that can support a family, a minimum wage that can allow a family to meet its basic needs, then it is something of a cruel hoax to force people into the workforce, knowing that they will not be able to support themselves on their income alone.  Our economy has been performing remarkably well since the last increase in the minimum wage in 1996. A record 8.7 million jobs have been created. We all recall when we were debating the minimum wage that year, one of the most persistent objections was that the increase would kill job growth; it would prevent our economy from continuing to grow. The reality is that we are in the midst of a period of record economic expansion during which a large number of new jobs have been created.  Increasing the minimum wage is not something that is going to hamper our economy. It will enable working families to provide for their families. Moreover, economic factors dictate that if we don't increase the minimum wage now, the modest growth in inflation will wipe out the gains of the 1996 increase. Indeed, the minimum wage is in danger of dropping below its pre-1996 level in real dollars if we do not pass this amendment.  I believe other economic factors dictate that we increase the minimum wage. As we look at this economy, we are discovering fantastic growth in many quarters, but we also see that the incomes of the poorest Americans are not growing as fast as they have grown in the past.  Between 1950 and 1978, income growth for the lowest earners grew proportionally more than any other income level. What has happened recently, because of our new information society, because of new technology, because of a booming stock market, the wealthiest Americans are increasing their incomes substantially. In fact, the wealthiest one percent of Americans, doubled their incomes between 1977 and 1999. In sharp contrast, the poorest 20 percent of Americans actually saw their incomes fall by 9 percent between 1977 to 1999.  There are some things that we can do to begin to reverse this trend, to ensure that every part of our American family participates in our country's economic success. The first step is to increase the minimum wage.  The reality is that today, workers making the minimum wage--heads of households, single heads of households with a full-time job--earn about $10,700. That is about $2,500 below the poverty level for a family of three. So essentially, what we are telling workers who are going into the workforce with minimum-wage jobs, is that they will not be able to get out of poverty. That I believe is wrong. If someone is going to go into the workforce, work 40 hours a week, and try to raise a family, they should at least be able to make enough money to live above the poverty line.  The other issue that has often been raised with respect to the minimum wage is that, really, this is just a benefit for kids, that kids are the only group of people who have minimum-wage jobs. They are the people working at the fast food restaurants and performing other minimum wage jobs. This is not the truth. Statistics show that 70 percent of minimum-wage earners are adults over 20 years of age. They also show that 46 percent of these minimum-wage workers have full-time jobs and that 59 percent are women.  This correlates closely with the startling statistics we have seen with respect to children and poverty. Frankly, one of the most disturbing statistics is the growth in the number of children living in poverty. Typically, these children are in single-parent households led by women. Since 59 percent of minimum-wage earners are women and 40 percent of minimum-wage earners are the sole breadwinners of their family, these problems seem to be directly connected.  One of the great shames of this Nation, at a time when we are recording robust growth in the stock markets, at a time when we are seeing extraordinary development in our economy, is that one in five children still live in poverty in the United States; that 12 percent of American households cannot meet their basic nutritional needs some part of the year; that 39 percent of the families who turn to food banks for assistance have one adult member who holds a job. These are working Americans, but their wages are so low they cannot feed their families and their children live in poverty. We can do better than this in our great country. The first way to do better is to support this increase in the minimum wage proposed by Senator Kennedy.  The reality is that having a job today does not mean you are going to be above the poverty level. Having a minimum-wage job frequently guarantees you are below the poverty level. At this time in our history, with such economic progress, with the vista of a new century before us, with the information age bursting upon us, we should be able to guarantee if a person works 40 hours a week, that person should be able to raise a family above the poverty level.  This proposal for a minimum wage seems only to be controversial here in the Senate. If you go back to Rhode Island and ask people what they think, they think the minimum wage should go up. They recognize and understand how hard it is to support their own families. They know if they had a minimum-wage job, it would be close to impossible to do that.  Indeed, there was a survey done by the Jerome Levy Economic Institute which showed that 87 percent of small businesses that were contacted and asked about increasing the minimum wage thought that they could absorb this modest cost. That is up from 79 percent just a year ago. So even small business believes raising the minimum wage is appropriate. That might be a direct reflection of the fact that many states have already raised the minimum wage above the federal level. Indeed, in many parts of the country with the highest minimum wages, there is a persistent shortage of labor. In fact, businesses are bidding for workers at levels above the minimum wage.  We are really talking about protecting the most vulnerable workers in our economy, those without the power to negotiate higher wages, those in areas of economic activity that do not require high skill levels, and therefore can be easily replaced. These are the people for whom we should have a special concern, these are the people we should help move up out of poverty, not by a handout but by simply rewarding the value of each hour they work.  Business Week, a magazine that is not traditionally a strong proponent of prolabor sentiments, had this to say:       It is time to set aside the old assumptions about the      minimum wage. . . . We don't know how high the minimum wage      can rise until it hurts the demand for labor. But with the      real minimum wage no higher than it was under President      Reagan, we can afford to take prudent risks.  Frankly, this is not a risk, it is a prudent investment in the workers of America. My own paper, the Providence Journal, adds:       An increase to $6.15 would help take a nick out of poverty      and provide a more solid base for . . . economic expansion.      Congress ought to do it.  I ask unanimous consent to have this Providence Journal editorial printed at the conclusion of my remarks.  