President, I rise today in strong support of the Ticket to Work and Work Incentives Improvement Act.  I want to pay tribute to my colleagues, Senators Kennedy and Jeffords, who began working on this legislation in the last Congress--effectively building support for this bill from a handful of senators to 79 cosponsors.  I also want to commend Senators Moynihan and Roth, who have dedicated their time and effort to this important cause. They have kept the debate on this bill focused on the substance, and have prevented it from degenerating into grandstanding or partisan bickering.  But the lion's share of credit should go to the members of the disability community, who have been tireless advocates for work incentives legislation. Without their hard work, we would not be here today. This bill is the product of their grassroots activism--making a common sense idea into a national policy.  As my colleagues know, the major provisions of the Ticket to Work and Work Incentives Improvement Act are infinitely sensible. They would remove the most significant barrier that individuals with disabilities face when they try to return to work--continued access to adequate health care.  Currently, individuals with disabilities face the dilemma of choosing between the Medicare and Medicaid health benefits they need and the job they desire. Mr. President, this is not a choice at all, and it is regrettable.  According to surveys, about three quarters of individuals with disabilities who are receiving Supplemental Security Income (SSI) and Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) benefits want to work. Sadly, less than one percent are actually able to make a successful transition into the workforce. A major barrier seems to be the lack of sufficient health care coverage.  By passing this legislation, we will extend eligibility for Medicare and Medicaid and provide a helping hand to individuals with disabilities who aspire to work.  Mr. President, this legislation also takes a step to help workers who are stricken with progressive, degenerative diseases, such as Multiple Sclerosis, HIV/AIDS, and Parkinson's Disease, which can be slowed with proper treatment. With the health coverage buy-in offered under this bill, these workers can continue to hold a job instead of leaving the workforce in hopes of meeting the need requirements for Medicaid coverage.  These citizens can continue to make substantial contributions to the workplace and to society while benefitting intellectually and emotionally.  With the Americans with Disabilities Act, Congress adopted legislation to combat discrimination and remove physical barriers from the workplace. Now, we have the chance to lift yet another barrier to work, the loss of health care coverage.  In my home state of Rhode Island, more than 40,000 individuals with disabilities could benefit from the work incentives bill. Across the country, more than 9.5 million people could be positively affected by this legislation.  Our booming economy has created millions of new jobs, and has brought thousands of Americans into the workforce for the first time. By passing this legislation, we can take another step to help a significant group of Americans participate in our national economic prosperity.  Mr. President, before I yield, I would like to briefly mention my concern about some offsets attached to this measure. As colleagues who have followed this bill know, it seemed as if there was a revolving door when it came to the consideration of offsets during the Conference. Provisions came and went and returned again.  I was pleased that a controversial offset regarding the refund of FHA upfront mortgage insurance premiums was withdrawn. This offset was essentially a $1,200 tax on approximately 900,000 low- and middle-income families and first-time home-buyers, and the conferees were right to omit it from this bill.  Regrettably, the bill retains two other controversial offsets, which I oppose. The first is an assessment on attorneys representing clients with Social Security disability benefits claims. Although the Administration supports this offset, I believe that it will discourage qualified attorneys from taking on these complicated, labor-intensive claims cases--which already offer little remuneration to attorneys. Ultimately, this assessment will hurt those individuals trying to secure their rightful benefits, not the attorneys. I commend the conferees for taking steps to blunt the impact of this provision by capping the fee at 6.3% and requiring GAO to study the cost and efficiency of this and alternative assessment structures. Nonetheless, I still believe that this is an inappropriate offset.  The other offset changes the index for student loan interest rates from the 91-day Treasury bill to the three-month rate for commercial paper. This provision saves a modest amount of money in the short-term. Unfortunately, those savings will not be transferred to students, and the offset will actually put taxpayers on the hook if the markets turn sour. Let me add that this provision flies in the face of an agreement reached in last year's Higher Education Act Amendments. Under that legislation, we were to study the impact of this type of conversion. We are still awaiting the findings of that study, and in the absence of an authoritative conclusion, I believe it is premature to entertain this change in policy. Mr. President, setting these important concerns aside, I believe that the Ticket to Work and Work Incentives Improvement Act is a major victory for all Americans, and we should all support it. I want to again commend the leading Senate sponsors, Senators Kennedy, Jeffords, Moynihan, and Roth for their tremendous work in bringing this legislation to this point, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote for it.  