Again, the Senator is one of the contributors to this legislation, along with Senator Wellstone, and I thank him.  The ombudsman, or the consumer assistance center, could not participate in litigation. Their scope of participation is informal and could include contacting the insurance company, explaining rights, advocating for the patient as an ombudsman, not as a lawyer, not as a litigator.  Let me add one other point and then, again, yield to my colleague from Oregon. Interestingly enough, again I think he has identified an issue that we all can rally around. One of the great talents the Senator from Oregon brings to the Senate is an ability to be a bridge in so many different ways, i.e., the Education Flexibility Act--to find a mechanism that we all can agree upon.  This is another one of these areas. Interestingly enough, a few weeks ago we passed with little controversy and with much enthusiasm the defense authorization bill that included an authorization for an ombudsman program to address the problems and complaints associated with military HMOs--the TRACER system--looking at the same problem that all of the Senator's constituents from Oregon face, and all of my constituents face, but in the context of military families and complaints, and legitimate complaints of military families. They cannot get the care they need. They cannot get the answers. They get the runaround. They do not get the support.  In response to that, this body voted enthusiastically to authorize an ombudsman for the TRACER system. Frankly, both the Senator from Oregon and I are saying if it works well, or we think it is going to work well for our military families who are enrolled in an HMO that has a great deal of responsibility for them, why not give it a chance in the context of the private insurance HMO industry in the United States?  I think that underscores what the Senator from Oregon has said. This is not controversial. This is helpful. Thisis practical. This is not about litigation, it is about making sure that people get answers, that people get results, and that people get the care. That is what I think we are all here to do.  Again, I will yield.  