President, I rise with regret. Again, we are on the verge of abandoning substantive votes on campaign finance reform. This is an issue of vital importance to the American people. It is of vital importance to the majority of Members of this body.  We are here today because of the efforts of many, but particularly the efforts of Senator McCain and Senator Feingold, who have advanced this issue relentlessly over the course of the last several years. I regretfully and unfortunately fear we will step away once again from this debate, step away once again from consideration of this important topic. This is detrimental not only to this body, but also to the American people, who desperately want to see changes to our campaign finance system. I am disappointed because we have come very close collectively in this Congress to a principled reform of our campaign finance system.  The other body has passed legislation which is comprehensive. They have passed legislation which is now embodied in an amendment filed by Senator Daschle and Senator Torricelli. I believe this legislation goes a long way towards addressing many of the problems that confront our campaign finance system. It is not perfect. It is not absolutely complete. But it is a powerful corrective to the current problems we find in our campaign finance system.  The amendment which Senator Daschle and Senator Torricelli have advanced, known popularly as the Shays-Meehan amendment for the sponsors in the other body, does several important things. First and foremost, it bans soft money. Unlike the McCain-Feingold legislation, it bans all soft money--not just soft money directed at political parties.  Although we speak in these terms constantly, soft money, hard money, et cetera, I want to point out that soft money is unregulated contributions from corporations and individuals, typically very wealthy individuals, that are increasingly commonplace in elections throughout this country.  The Daschle legislation bans all such soft money contributions with respect to Federal elections. I believe that is the best way to proceed. Even though the McCain-Feingold bill is noteworthy and important, I fear simply banning money from political parties will drive these contributions to other formats, other forms, other forums.  Campaign dollars, like water, find their own level. When one channel is blocked, another channel will be pursued. Unless we have a comprehensive approach, unless we ban all soft money, rather than eliminating this problem we will merely redirect and reposition these soft dollars into other forms.  The second important point with respect to the Torricelli and Daschle legislation, is that it recognizes a relatively new phenomena in campaigns, sham issue ads, which are really campaign ads which are unregulated. They are dressed up to talk about an issue, but they are really about attacking candidates. Unless we have some disclosure, some regulation, these ads will become more prevalent and more pernicious in our campaign system.  The third point that the Daschle-Torricelli bill addresses is improving disclosure by the Federal Elections Commission and enforcement by the Federal Election Commission. It is not sufficient to have laws and rules on the books; they must be enforced. We all understand and believe that the more knowledge the American public has about campaign contributions and their sources and uses, the more comfortable they will feel with the political system.  Finally, this legislation which Senator Daschle and Senator Torricelli introduced establishes a commission to study further reform. All of these points are necessary. They don't completely solve all the issues that confront our campaign finance system, but they go a long way towards advancing the cause of fundamental campaign finance reform.  Personally, I believe one of the problems we face is the escalation of spending on elections throughout this country and that we should address this issue of unlimited spending. None of the legislation currently before the Senate goes that far, but I believe we have to review and visit that issue when we again commence our debate on campaign finance reform.  This issue of campaign finance reform is not an academic, hypothetical, theoretical concern. It comes directly from the concerns of the American people. It is manifested by their increasing cynicism about the political system. It is manifested by their increasing indifference to the forms of government, to elections, to voting. This cynicism and indifference weakens our civic connections, weakens the foundation of our government--which is at heart the belief by our people in its fairness, efficiency and its service to them. All of this can be traced in part to the growing cynicism towards the campaign finance system.  These public phenomena have been measured by various surveys. In August, the Counsel for Excellence in Government released a survey conducted by Peter Hart and Robert Teeter, a Democratic pollster and a Republican pollster. They found less than 40 percent of the American people believe in the immortal words of President Abraham Lincoln: Our government is by and for the people.  Rather, they believe it is a captive of special interests, and the lure the special interests use are campaign finance dollars.  In the past, people have been disillusioned with big government and unaccountable bureaucrats. Today, they are cynical and disillusioned about the flood of cash flowing through the campaign finance system.  Another survey in January of this year, the Center on Policy Attitudes, found continuing record high public dissatisfaction with government. This finding supports the notion that people believe that government, and particularly elections, are not about ideas and policies, but about money. Money is talking and the American public's voice is being drowned out.  We must counter this--but we don't counter this type of public perception by walking away and abandoning campaign finance reform; rather, we counter it properly, correctly, and appropriately by debating and voting on substantive campaign finance reform.  I have made it clear my preference is for legislation along the lines of Senator Daschle's and Senator Torricelli's amendment, essentially accepting the work of the other body in the Shays-Meehan legislation, moving it forward, letting the President sign it, and letting the American people know that we are listening to them; we hear them, and we want to respond positively to their concerns and their growing uneasiness with our campaign finance system.  We are all trapped in a system that no one seems to like. The public does not like it and candidates are increasingly uneasy and concerned about the need to raise huge amounts of money, the constant effort needed to do that, and the perception of their efforts with respect to their obligations as public servants. Donors are increasingly troubled by the system. Indeed, many prominent business men and women throughout the country have banded together to support comprehensive campaign finance reform. It seems we are engaged in a race to the bottom--a race to see not what idea will prevail but how much money one can raise; to not just express a message but to drown out all other messages.  Another disturbing aspect of this process, campaigns now are being wrenched away from the candidate. One of the more disconcerting aspects of recent campaigns, a candidate can be out there making his or her case and suddenly be informed there is a TV ad from some unknown group from someplace in America arguing against them, advocating their defeat. All of this suggests we have to do something about our campaign system.  As I mentioned, the other body has stepped forward. They have given us legislation. We are very close, if we embrace this legislation, to passage of fundamental campaign finance reform. I hope we will take this step, but it appears increasingly clear we are abandoning our obligation to the American people. We are stepping away from votes on the substance of campaign finance reform, be it the McCain-Feingold legislation or the Daschle-Torricelli legislation. I believe that is a mistake. I believe the American people want us to act responsibly; they want us to act promptly; they want us to do what they sent us here to do, which is their business. And their business in the campaign finance area is putting in place reasonable restraints on spending.  A lot has been said about the marketplace of ideas, and that any fetters on campaign contributions would somehow affect the marketplace of ideas. There very well might be a marketplace for ideas in today's campaigns, but it is a market with very high barriers to entry, barriers that require extensive fundraising to overcome. It certainly is not perfect competition because the American people believe their voices cannot compete with the voices of large corporations or wealthy individuals who can, through direct contributions to candidates and indirect contributions of soft money, get their messages across on television or in the advertising media. What many people fear is that elections have become less about candidates and ideas and more about auctions. They find that instinctively repelling.  We have a chance to act. We should act. Regretfully, today we are forsaking that obligation. We are turning away from campaign finance reform. We are abandoning an obligation we should meet. I regret that. I hope we can proceed with this debate and move to votes on these measures, but I fear that will not be the case.  I yield the floor.  