President, I thank the Senator for yielding. I am pleased to support his amendment, together with Senator Daschle.  I think it underscores the bipartisan nature of this amendment that both Senator Shelby and Senator Daschle are here today to advance a very important issue. It is a very important issue that I have been working on for over a year.  In fact, in the last Congress, I had an amendment in the Banking Committee that was very similar to this, and my impetus is to suggest this amendment was based upon my experience as not only a Senator but also as someone who was a lawyer and involved in banking matters in my home State of Rhode Island.  It is very important to clear up a misconception that might be operating at the moment that the Federal Reserve is the exclusive repository of banking direction and regulation in the United States. Such a claim is just wrong. Banking policy in the United States is the province of many different organizations. The Federal Reserve principally, starting in 1956 with the Bank Holding Company Act, regulates the operations of bank holding companies.  Here is a simple schematic of what a bank holding company is. It is a holding company--a corporation under State law usually owning a bank, and also owning the other affiliates.  This bank holding structure became an issue in the 1950s, and as a result the Federal Reserve was empowered by Congress--I should emphasie ``by Congress,'' not by its own direction--to regulate bank holding companies. But long before that, beginning in the 1860s, national banks were regulated under the Department of the Treasury and the Comptroller of the Currency. Indeed, other financial entities, other depository entities, are regulated by the Office of Thrift Supervision.  We should be very clear. This is not an attempt to wrench away from the Federal Reserve their exclusive prerogative to run the banking system in the United States. This amendment is attempting to provide flexibility to banking organizations so they can conduct a limited range of activities in either a subsidiary of the bank or an affiliate of the bank.  If they are conducted in the affiliate, they will be regulated under current law and under our anticipated legislation by the Federal Reserve; if they are conducted in the subsidiary, they will be regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the other regulator of this particular bank.  It is also important to note that there are only two rather narrowly defined activities that could be conducted under the Shelby-Daschle amendment: Securities underwriting or merchant banking activities. I should hasten to add that these two activities would also be regulated by the functional regulator. If it is securities activities, it would be regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We are talking about a very narrow band of activities. It is important to keep that in mind.  We are in no way talking about displacing the Federal Reserve as a principal regulator of bank holding companies. What we are talking about is giving banking organizations the flexibility to decide, based upon their own analysis, whether they want to conduct these two limited activities, either an affiliate or a subsidiary of the bank.  What the underlying legislation, S. 900, would do essentially is give the Federal Reserve all the authority. It would cut out effectively what currently exists, the regulating authority of the Comptroller of the Currency to determine a limited range of activities that either could or could not be done either in the bank itself or a subsidiary bank.  Many have described this as a turf fight. I don't think that is a proper description. What we should be doing and what the Shelby amendment is attempting to do is to provide the type of regulatory balance necessary, first, to guarantee safety and soundness; and, second, to give banking institutions the flexibility to conduct the business the way they decide rather than the way we might dictate here in Washington.  Now, one of the interesting things to know is that we are attempting to change a high bond regulatory structure that was erected in the wake of the 1930s. I note that the Senator from Texas noted that all of our financial problems were solved in 1913 when we created the Federal Reserve, but there was a brief interlude in the 1930s where the economy was in disarray during the Depression.  As a result of that, we created the Glass-Steagall Act that separated various activities. We now recognize, because of many different factors, that we should in fact undo this very rigid structure and provide flexibility for a combination of different financial activities--insurance activities, security activities, depository activities. However, this amendment, the Shelby-Daschle amendment, goes to the heart of that flexibility by providing the kind of business flexibility that banks should have in this new, very fast paced international economic environment.  I explained basically the structure of the typical bank holding company, and I think that is useful because for the last several weeks we have been hearing jargon such as ``op-sub'' and ``affiliate,'' et cetera. It is exactly what I suggested before: A bank holding company, a company that is typically a commercial enterprise, a State-chartered company, owns a depository institution; in turn, they operate some activities and subsidiaries throughout the affiliate. That is basically what we are talking about now.  The question is, What should we do to ensure that, first, safety and soundness is protected; and, two, that the banks have the kind of flexibility they need and the corporate governance to operate effectively?  What we are proposing with this amendment is that in these two limited activities--securities activities and merchant banking--the bank holding company have the choice of either doing it in a subsidiary or affiliate. As I understand it, the underlying legislation would allow a very small bank holding company to conduct these activities in a subsidiary. So this is, in some respects, an issue of size. But theprinciple already exists within the context of the underlying legislation that these activities can, in fact, be conducted in subsidiaries.  Looking ahead at what the amendment requires, it is very important to note that in order to conduct these activities a bank would have to meet certain tests. First of all, the bank would have to be well managed and well capitalized. This is a requirement that would be similar on bank holding companies.  In addition to this, the bank would also have to do specific things to allow or qualify for the conduct of these activities. First of all, if the bank was going to conduct the activities in a subsidiary, it would have to deduct its equity investment in the subsidiary from its own equity. As a result, this provides protections for the bank and for the overall depository system. In addition, it would have to remain well capitalized after the equity deduction.  The point here is that the regulators essentially could be satisfied that even as this subsidiary failed, even if the whole investment were lost, it would not adversely affect the capital bank, which is at the heart of their notion of protecting safety and soundness.  In addition to that, they would be limited to the amount of money they could invest in a subsidiary. It would be limited to this same amount of money they could ``dividend upwards'' to the bank holding company--another check on the safety and soundness provisions in this legislation.  Moreover, if these activities are conducted in a subsidiary, the whole relationship would be governed by section 23(a) and 23(b) of the Federal Reserve Act. These two sections govern transactions between bank affiliates and other holding company affiliates. Essentially, it requires that there be arm's-length dealing between these two entities.  For example, section 23(a) imposes a percentage cap on transactions between a bank and our operating subsidiary--the subsidiary cannot be the exclusive source of business for the bank, and vice versa. In addition, section 23(a) provides safeguards with respect to collateral that could and must be used for lending transactions between the bank and subsidiary. In sum, there are provisions in the amendment to guard against the self-dealing that would lead to breaches of safety and soundness.  All of these things together suggest very strongly that what we are proposing is entirely consistent with the safety and soundness of the banking system. Indeed, that should be our primary legislative motivation, to be sure that whatever we do here is consistent with safety and soundness.  There has been a great deal of discussion about the mysterious subsidy that Chairman Greenspan is talking about, the fact that ``...the reason I oppose this is because of this hidden subsidy,'' because of this transfer.  In his words, ``My concerns are not about safety and soundness.'' I am glad, because I think we have convinced or at least we have suggested that we have considered very thoroughly and carefully the safety and soundness issues.       It is the issue of creating subsidies for individual      institutions which their competitors do not have. It is a      level playing field. . ..  The subsidy, as explained before, rests upon essentially the guarantee of deposit by Federal deposit insurance.  Now, what we have done, first, is protected safety and soundness; second, these subsidies are frequently offset in discussions--indeed, many times complaints--about the restrictions that go along with the depositor insurance. We debated yesterday at length about CRA. That adheres to a bank because of its deposit insurance. That is a cost that other competitors could not have.  So when we look at this whole notion of subsidy, there is a very real argument, when it is balanced out, that this subsidy is not particularly significant, that in the margin it will not make a difference whether you conduct this activity in a subsidiary or in an affiliate. Moreover, when a bank holding company is attempting to go to the equity markets to raise equity through stock offerings or through commercial debt paper, no one looks exclusively, uniquely, solely at the bank; they look at the combined activities of the holding company.  So if there is a subsidiary at the bank, that all washes out through the bottom line of the bank holding company balance sheet. This notion that the subsidiary is the driving force I don't think is entirely correct.  Moreover, when you look at experts who have dealt with this whole issue of whether or not these activities should be conducted in a subsidiary, those in fact who have been responsible for the operation of the FDIC, most of the recent chairpersons--Ricky Halperin, William Isaac, and William Seidman--have argued very strongly and forcefully that in fact placing these activities into a subsidiary would, in fact, be a beneficial and not a detrimental aspect and, in fact, potentially could be a plus for the Bank Insurance Fund.  It would be so because if, in fact, there was a troubled bank with a healthy subsidiary, either in the securities business or in the merchant banking business, those healthy assets would be a source of funds to cover depository losses, potentially in the bank. Such coverage from a subsidiary would offset the need for a contribution by the taxpayer-supported deposit insurance fund.  It has been mentioned before that foreign banks, in fact, have these powers within the continental United States because of international banking agreements. In fact, there are 19 foreign banks with securities underwriting subsidiaries in the United States and these banks have about $450 billion in assets and they would be allowed to continue their operations under the S. 900 bill, the underlying legislation. As Senator Shelby pointed out, this is on the surface a disparate treatment between domestic banks and foreign banks, but I think it reveals something else. It goes right back to that issue of: Is there a subsidy? Because these foreign banks are also subsidized by deposit insurance, in most cases, in their country of origin, the country of incorporation. And they are also subsidized in the same way as are our banks, by government policies, by access to the central bank's discount window, by a whole series of governmental programs that assist banking institutions.  If you put back Chairman Greenspan's words--again, let me remind you, he is not talking about safety and soundness. He is talking about this mysterious subsidy. Those are his words, but what are the actions of the Federal Reserve when it comes down to approving the applications of these foreign banks to operate security subsidies in the United States?  First of all, the Federal Reserve, in the applications they had to approve, looked at the whole subsidiary issue. And they found that technically there was probably a subsidy to the subsidiaries. But what they suggested in approving these applications, which they did, is that by essentially imposing restrictions, as we have done, in terms of capital contributions, in terms of the possible transactions between the bank and subsidiary--that they would be offset. So essentially what the Chairman says and what the Federal Reserve does are two different things. He says this is a dangerous subsidy, yet when they have to approve an application of a foreign bank to operate a subsidiary in the United States, they say they can control that subsidy, essentially, by the same means that we are suggesting--capital contributions and other techniques.  So, if you listen to what is being said but look at what is being done in the world, I think, deeds speak louder than words. And the deeds are that this subsidy issue is a false one. Any subsidy is either dissipated through the holding company system or is offset in our amendment by the requirements to deduct capital, by the requirements to limit the investment into a subsidiary to the amount that you could upstream to a holding company for further investment in an affiliate.  There is another aspect which I think is telling with respect to the Federal Reserve, their position. I think this could come as a surprise to lots of people. American banks today can own operating subsidiaries and do own operating subsidiaries which can in fact perform merchant banking activities and securities activities--the activities that we are authorizing in this amendment. But they can only have these subsidiaries overseas, and interestingly enough, these subsidiaries are regulated by the Federal Reserve Bank. They are called Edge Act companies.  So what we are proposing today in this amendment is no novel redistribution of regulatory opportunities or banking opportunities, really. What we are saying, essentially, is if the Federal Reserve can regulate and authorize American banks through foreign subsidiaries to conduct insurance activities and securities activities and merchant banking activities overseas, why do they object to American banks doing the same thing in the United States? The same thing--limited, of course, to securities activities and merchant banking.  There are, as we estimated, subsidiaries with $250 billion in assets, subsidiaries of American banks operating overseas, subject to the regulation not of the Securities and Exchange Commission, but whatever foreign regulator is looking at their operation. Of course, the Fed concludes--they must conclude--this does not pose a threat to the safety and soundness of American banks. Of course, they must conclude that whatever subsidy they are getting through deposit insurance, it is not unfair for them to apply that overseas to invest in foreign subsidiaries to conduct these activities. In fact, the operations of these banks' subsidiaries overseas, these Edge Act companies, are far less regulated than what we are proposing in our amendment. These are not bound by section 23 (a) and (b). They are also not bound by our restrictions, by the amount of money that can be invested in the subsidiary.  So I think the Federal Reserve position--in terms of the facts, not the rhetoric, not the appeals to the history--is very weak indeed. The facts establish, No. 1, that in fact they have no objection to American banks' operating subsidiaries' overseas securities activities. It does not pose a threat to safety and soundness in their view. It is not an unfair use of the subsidy if that subsidy exists.  So I think we have to be very careful to conclude that what we have here is an amendment that gives banks flexibility, that does not implicate the safety and soundness of the banking system, that does not in any way distort the monetary policymaking role of the Federal Reserve. That in fact is consistent with over 100 years of banking regulation in the United States, which is a shared function between many different banking regulators in the United States. In fact, it is something that will provide the flexibility that is at the heart of this legislation.  I hope we will, in fact, support this amendment. It represents a bipartisan attempt to be consistent with the overall theme of this legislation, which is to unshackle our banking institutions from the hidebound rules of the Glass-Steagall Act, to give them an opportunity to compete but to do so in a way that does not implicate, intimidate or, undermine the safety or soundness of the banking system which is our ultimate responsibility.  I hope, again, we will accept, adopt and support this amendment. I yield the floor.  