President, I will discuss several issues that are central to the debate we are having on managed care in the Patients' Bill of Rights.  First, I was very disappointed that the Senate rejected Senator Kennedy's amendment which would have extended the protections of the Patients' Bill of Rights to all privately insured Americans. Those in favor of much more limited coverage, very much restricted coverage, argue that the cost in the Democratic alternative would cause many Americans to lose their health insurance through increased premiums. They argue, as we have heard time and time again, that premiums would rise and that employers would drop coverage.  When you actually talk to many employers, particularly those in small businesses who are represented by the American Small Business Alliance, for example, they tell quite a different story. They talk about a situation in which they have already seen premiums rise, but they get very little for what they pay for.  For example, Mr. Brian McCarthy, President of McCarthy Flowers and Cabs, from Scranton, PA, had this to say. His words:       Workers who spend time out sick or are consumed in battles      with their health plan wreak havoc on the bottom line. That      lost productivity costs my business a lot more than the      modest premium increases that may result from this      legislation.  He went on to add:       The Patients' Bill of Rights is about giving people the      care they need and deserve, and it clearly gives small      businesses a better deal for their health care dollar.  That is not the voice of a Senator, but of a small businessperson who has seen the effects of managed care on his own bottom line.  Another small business owner, Mr. Tom Reed, who owns Lake Motors in Eagle Lake, TX, said:       My premiums go up now and I get nothing, or sometimes even      less coverage. The Patients' Bill of Rights at least will      give me something tangible, bringing me better value for the      health care money I spend.  Those are the words of businesspeople who are struggling with the issues. They are in favor of this legislation because they want to get what they have been paying a lot for, and that is quality health care. They will only get that with the Democratic Patients' Bill of Rights.  There have been studies that have supported these anecdotal comments. The Kaiser-Harvard Program on Health Policy surveyed small business executives from the small business sector, and they found that 88 percent support independent appeals such as those that are in the Democratic alternative; 75 percent support the right to see a specialist without prior approval; 61 percent favor giving people the right to sue their health plan; and fewer than 1 percent suggested that they might drop coverage if rates increased.  These are small business executives. This is compelling and persuasive evidence that, in order to be responsive to the needs of small businesses throughout the country, it is imperative that we pass the Democratic alternative.  There is another aspect of this legislation which deserves discussion, and that is the fact that health care plans, HMOs, are immune from liability because of what is apparently a loophole in the ERISA law.  A physician can be sued for malpractice, a physician can be sued for making misjudgments, but an insurance company, often working through nonphysicians, administrators, and reviewers, are immune from such suits.  This aspect of accountability is critical to making sure that we have rights that are enforceable and that actually produce tangible results throughout the country.  In another survey, the Kaiser Family Foundation found that 73 percent of those surveyed believe that patients should be able to hold their managed care plans accountable through the courts.  This is not to suggest that anyone is encouraging a mass exodus to the courthouse. In fact, there is quite a bit of experience that suggests this probably will not happen.  In Texas, in May of 1997, bipartisan legislation was passed making it the first State where managed care organizations can be sued for medical malpractice. Like the Democratic plan, the Texas liability law is closely tied to tough, independent external review processes. In fact, you cannot take advantage of the right to sue until you have been through this independent review process.  Despite all the warnings about a flurry of lawsuits--the same thing we are hearing today--this has not been the experience in Texas. Neither has the State experienced increased premiums. What has happened is that both sides now are claiming success. HMOs are saying: Look, this is working. And consumers are saying: This is helping us out. In fact, according to Texas State Senator David Sibley----  