But I must come to the floor today in opposition to this bill because it is not fair legislation for all the farmers of America--certainly not fair to the farmers of the Northeast, in Rhode Island, New England, the Mid-Atlantic States, because they have suffered a tremendous loss this year because of a drought that has historic implications. It was the worst drought in the history of this region in over 105 years of record keeping by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. This has had a devastating impact on the farmers of my State and of the region.  Most people do not consider the Northeast to be a place where there are lots of farms, but in my own small State of Rhode Island there are over 700 farmers who grow vegetables, turf, nursery stock, cranberries, strawberries, and potatoes. We also have numerous orchards and dairy farms. All of these farms have suffered devastating losses. And these are family farms; these are not large agricultural combines--certainly not in Rhode Island. They are family farms that are struggling to make do. This year they had a difficult struggle because of this historic drought.  We originally thought that farm losses would be about 50 percent of the crop--a serious blow. But I have just been given data today from our agricultural authorities where in Rhode Island they are suggesting that the August estimates were not as severe as the reality is turning out to be. In fact, the estimate is that the percentage loss of sweet corn in the State is 80 percent, silage corn is 70 percent, potatoes is 60 percent, mixed vegetables is 75 percent, and hay is 50 percent. These are difficult losses to bear, particularly difficult to bear without assistance.  We have received some rain through the last few weeks, but it has not been enough to reverse the damage that already was done April through August with the worst drought in the history of our region.  That is why I am here today, because, frankly, the resources in this legislation that are being made available to the Northeast, to the Mid-Atlantic farmers, are insufficient. We have tried, over the last several months, to structure a meaningful relief package that would help the farmers throughout this country--every region.  In the 1999 emergency supplemental appropriations bill, Democrats offered an amendment to provide disaster relief for America's farmers and ranchers which would have taken care of all of our farmers throughout the country. This provision was rejected by the majority. Later, Democrats offered additional disaster relief amendments to the fiscal year 2000 Agriculture appropriations bill as it was being considered in the subcommittee. Those amendments were rejected also.  On the floor of the Senate in August, I joined my Democratic colleagues in supporting an emergency farm package that would provide over $10 billion to producers in need of relief, including $2.6 billion in disaster relief and $212 million in emergency conservation assistance, both of which would have been very critical to my farmers in Rhode Island and throughout the Northeast. Sadly, that proposal was also rejected. There was even discussion to try to work out a compromise, a bipartisan effort, on the order of $8.8 billion. This, too, failed.  Finally, I think in the hopes of moving the process forward, we did agree to the final $7 billion package proposed by the majority, as a downpayment, if you will, on the necessary support we hoped we could obtain through the conference process and we hoped we would be voting on today in this final conference report.  But today we are faced with a bill which we cannot amend, which we must either accept or reject; and, sadly, despite all the efforts, all the earnest efforts of my colleagues, I must vote against it because it does not provide the kind of assistance that is necessary for the farmers of my State and my region.  Of the $8.7 billion in emergency farm relief in the appropriations bill, only $1.2 billion is set aside for all disasters declared by the Secretary of Agriculture in 1999. In the Northeast alone, our Governors have told us we are facing nearly $2 billion in total losses. And as today's data indicates, those are probably conservative estimates. For the Department of Agriculture to cover 65 percent of our region's losses alone would cost about $1.3 billion. Yet we have only appropriated $1.2 billion for the entire country--every region, for every natural disaster from January 1 to December 31.  So as you can see, all of this money that is within this bill could easily be used in the Northeast, in the Mid-Atlantic alone, but it will be spread throughout the country and, in fact, be spread in such a way that my farmers will be particularly disadvantaged.  It is unlikely this $1.2 billion of disaster relief money will be available to my farmers until sometime in the middle of next year because, as the legislation is written, the Secretary must wait until the end of the year to calculate all of the damages throughout the country and then begin the cumbersome process of proration and distribution of these funds, which could take months. That is another problem with the legislation. Not only are there insufficient funds available to the Northeast, but these funds may not come until the middle of next year.  That is in contrast to what my colleague from Wisconsin pointed out with respect to those farmers who are part of the Agricultural Market Transition Act. There is $5.5 billion there. That money will be flowing out immediately. They will get assistance immediately. Not only will they get this assistance, but they will also qualify for this $1.2 billion of natural disaster money if they suffered their loss through a natural disaster. They will get essentially two bites of the apple, where my farmers in the Northeast will get what is left.  There are many States throughout this country that qualify for this disaster program, this $1.2 billion--33 States, in fact. So there will be a long line of farmers who have to be satisfied by this insufficient amount of money.  There are things we could have done, I believe we should have done, in addition to putting more money into the natural disaster program so we could take care of the real needs of all the farmers across the country.  I had hoped we could have increased the Crop Loss Disaster Assistance Program, which is something that has been helpful in the past. There is also a Livestock Feed Assistance Program which is also critically important to my farmers in the Northeast because much of the silage has been lost. In our dairy farms particularly, that is a critical loss.  We also, as we go forward, should think about the structure of the program for noninsured crop disaster assistance, the NAP program. There is a trigger in that program that requires a 35-percent areawide loss. Sometimes we can't meet that loss, but, frankly, most of the crops in my State are noninsured. They are strawberries, vegetables, et cetera. They individually sometimes can't meet this trigger, and they are denied any assistance whatsoever. If that program were more flexible, we could address some of the concerns we are talking about today in terms of insufficient funding.  In addition to this lack of resources, in addition to the unfairness of the distribution, in addition to the lack of timely response to the problems of my farmers in the Northeast and Rhode Island, there is also the issue of the dairy compact. Failing to extend this undercuts a program that was working, a program that provided not only support to the dairy industry in my State but, frankly, provided consumers with milk at reasonable prices. It also provided tremendous environmental benefit to the State of Rhode Island and other States because of the pressure of development, particularly in the Northeast. Many of these dairy farms, given the choice of producing at a loss each year or selling out to developers, will sell out. In Rhode Island, the little green space we have becomes less and less and less.  For all these reasons, I must oppose this legislation. I hope in the remaining days of this session we can, in fact, find ways and other legislative vehicles, perhaps even a supplemental, todirect assistance to the farmers throughout this country, including farmers in the Northeast, particularly in my home State of Rhode Island.  I yield the floor.  