President, I thank Senator Enzi for his graciousness in offering the unanimous consent request.  I want to begin by stating how important I think it is to pass financial service modernization legislation as quickly as possible.  The existing legal framework has become an anachronism over the last several years--in fact, even the last decade or so. The industry has responded to changes in this market faster than the law has responded. It is our obligation to ensure that we have appropriate legal standards, so that our financial services industry can be competitive in a worldwide market, which is highly dynamic, and which requires more flexibility and more responsiveness than is inherent in the current system, which began under Glass-Steagall more than 60 years ago.  So I am a strong proponent of financial modernization. In fact, it is ironic that we were very close in the last Congress to passing financial modernization legislation, which was agreed to by all the major interest groups and which represented a balancing of the need for flexibility, the need for new and expanded powers, the need for financial services industry to be able to reach across prior lines of demarcation to the securities industry, banking industry and insurance industry, and at the same time maintain the principles of safety and soundness, and also the notion that we have to ensure community access to credit. All these things were carefully worked out. Yet, regrettably, H.R. 10 failed in the last few moments of the last Congress.  We are back today to begin to address these issues again on the floor of the Senate. That is an encouraging point because I think the worse thing to do would be to continue to delay and avoid this debate.  Having said that, let me also recognize that the current legislation we are considering, S. 900, significantly deviates from the principles and the compromises that were carefully worked out in the last Congress. In so doing, I think it raises serious questions about the viability of this legislation, regardless of whether it will pass this body or the other body. There is a strong question of whether it will ultimately become law. It think it should become law and, as a result, I think we need to make changes in the form of amendments. In fact, unless we can deal with some of the issues, I am prepared to oppose this legislation, even though I am strongly committed to ensuring that we ultimately achieve a modernization of our financial services industry.  The critical issues that face us with respect to this bill that are troubling are, first, with respect to the Community Reinvestment Act. Over the lastseveral decades, since 1977, over $1 trillion in loans and loan commitments have been made under the Community Reinvestment Act. It has literally helped maintain and rehabilitate communities, both urban centers and rural areas, throughout this country. Without it, this would be literally a foreign issue, particularly in urban neighborhoods and rural areas. With it, we managed to spark hope and build new communities in places that were sadly lacking in significant opportunities and significant hope.  One example of the many in my State is in Woonsocket, RI. It was, at the turn of the century, a thriving mill town. In fact, the river was crowded with factory after factory after factory. With the demise of northern manufacturing, that town has seen difficult times. Through the CRA, citizens were able to avail themselves of significant assistance and credit when they formed the Woonsocket Neighborhood Development Corporation to work toward preserving the neighborhood. I have been there. I have visited these neighborhoods. They are rebuilding old homes that were built in the 1800s. They receive grants and loans from the First National Bank and the Federal Home Loan Bank Board in Boston, all under the auspices of CRA. Without these loans, they would not be able to rebuild their communities. It is necessary, it is important, and it can't be dismissed or short-circuited, as I fear S. 900 attempts to do.  One of the other provisions in the bill that specifically cuts back on the scope and the effectiveness of CRA is the limitation exemption of CRA for rural financial institutions with assets under $100 million. We all admit that a $100 million bank is a small institution. But such banks represent 76 percent of rural banks in the United States, the vast majority of rural institutions. And these banks historically have the lowest CRA ratings. They are a bank that, on their own volition, aren't responsive going through the data to their local community, and by taking away the responsibility of CRA we will make this situation worse.  I think what we will do, in effect, is deny to many rural areas what they think is part and parcel of the local bank in the community; that is, investment in their own community, in their own neighborhood. The reality of this is that people who run banks, which comes as no surprise to anybody, want to make money. When they look around their community and they see a loan for a community project, for housing redevelopment, or a local project to develop a community with a low rate of return, and yet they can see they can park their money someplace in a big city without CRA, the tendency, the temptation, and probably the reality is they will send that money out of that community.  It is the local money that forms the basis of these banks. CRA says you have to look at the community, you have to invest in it, you have to care for it, and you have to commit to it, but you don't have to lose money. There is nothing in the CRA law that says you have to make a bad loan. There is nothing in the CRA law that says you have to do something unsafe, unsound, or foolish in banking. It does say that you have to look for appropriate lending opportunities in your community and make those commitments. That is what I think most people assume that local community banks do day in and day out.  What I think will happen by the exemption is you will find in rural areas it will be harder to get the kind of credit for those types of community projects, rebuilding of housing, small businesses that do not have the kind of attraction or a track record yet to get the support of the local banks. That is something I think would represent a further demise in the community.  Then there is another provision, which has been referred to as ``rebuttal of presumption'' by some and ``safe harbor'' by others, which is included in the legislation and which essentially says, if you have a satisfactory CRA rating, you are presumptively in compliance with respect to a proposed transaction unless someone can come forward with ``substantial verifiable information'' that your rating is not warranted.  First, you have to ask yourself, who outside of the bank would have ``substantial verifiable information''? That is typically not in the public domain. So you are setting up in this rebuttal of presumption, or safe harbor, an impossible task that outside community groups particularly would be able to know the inner workings of the bank so well that they could come in and present ``substantial verifiable information.'' So, in effect, what you are doing is saying, if we get your satisfactory rating, we are not going to pay much attention to the CRA.  The practical reality is that in major transactions, the notion that CRA is a factor that prompts first these depository institutions to behave better before the transaction and, certainly in contemplation of the transaction, review carefully their commitment to their local community, is one of the most effective and nonintrusive ways, because it doesn't represent the Government going in and directing lending or directing anything in a nonintrusive way if a bank responds to the needs of the community, and to vitiate this by this rebuttal of presumption is, I think, a mistake.  One of the other aspects of this rebuttal of presumption is the fact that 97 percent of the institutions have these satisfactory ratings, which could lead to the question of how thorough these reviews are by the regulatory agencies in the first place.  It might add a further argument to the fact that perhaps it is only in the context of a serious review or serious questions raised by outside parties that banking institutions take their CRA responsibilities seriously and, in fact, act upon them. But that is another factor which I think we have to consider when we are talking about dispensing with the opportunity to raise in a meaningful way CRA concerns with respect to major transactions.  Frankly, everything we have read in the paper over the last several years, several days, and several months has been about major transactions between financial institutions. That has been the driving force in the industry and, coincidentally, has helped the bank be more committed and more responsive to the CRA concerns, because they know this is an item that can be looked at and challenged in a meaningful way in a transaction. If you dispense with that, I think that would be a mistake.  There is another provision in the legislation which has been alluded to by the ranking member, Senator Sarbanes, and that is essentially providing very limited opportunities to conduct activities in a subsidiary of a banking institution.  The bill as it stands today would establish a $1 billion asset cap on those banks that may engage in underwriting activities for securities and merchant banking in an operating subsidiary. I believe that banks of any size should have the opportunity to form themselves in such a way that they feel most competitive in the marketplace with respect to these two particular functions, securities underwriting and merchant banking. Therefore, they can choose to put them in an affiliate holding company, which would be a Federal Reserve regulation, or in a subsidiary of the depository institution which would be subject to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.  I think giving that type of flexibility makes more sense than determining that ``one size fits all'' and all has to be done in the context of a holding company arrangement.  I offered last year, because of these views, an amendment to H.R. 10 which would have allowed banks to engage in securities underwriting and merchant banking subsidiaries. I would anticipate another amendment with respect to that. In fact, this language is in the alternative which Senator Sarbanes will offer later today, or which I would expect to be offered to try to reach this point. It is an important point. It is not just a point with respect to turf allocations between Federal regulators; it is an opportunity to give the banking industry the flexibility that all say they deserve.  There is another problem I see in the legislation. That is with respect to the elimination, for all practical purposes, of prior Federal Reserve Board approval before allowing a bank to merge or engage in a new activity. This once again goes to the heart of the regulatory process.  It is nice to assume that banking institutions and financial institutionsare responsible and appropriate in their conduct of activities and that they would only conduct a merger that would be in the best interests of not only themselves but the public. But I think that sometimes strains credulity.  It is appropriate, important and, in very practical ways, necessary to have the requirement for prior approval of these major transactions by the Federal Reserve Board, because the Federal Reserve Board has a role independent of the management of the banks. They are trying to maximize shareholder value; they are trying to be competitive in a very difficult market.  But it is the Federal Reserve's responsibility to ensure safety and soundness, that competition will not be adversely affected, and that this transaction will in some way serve the public interest. I don't think you can do that by implication. I don't think you can do that by checking after the fact.  Again, the reality is that when multibillion-dollar institutions merge and then discover after the fact that it really was a bad idea, it is hard to unravel those transactions. To do it right, you have to do it up front. Therefore, this legislation should have prior approval by the Federal Reserve Board.  All of my comments have been appropriately addressed by the Democrat substitute, which will be offered by Senator Sarbanes.  Let me conclude with some specific concerns about a question that has concerned me throughout the course of our debate not only in this Congress but in the last Congress. That is whether or not the regulatory framework we are creating will be sufficient to protect the safety and soundness of institutions and ultimately protect the public interest.  We are trying to expand opportunities, to break down the old hierarchies, the old barriers between different types of financial activity, to give the kind of robust, dynamic opportunities that are concomitant with this world of instantaneous transfer of information and billions of dollars across boundaries. In doing that, we have to recognize our ultimate responsibility is to ensure these institutions operate safely, that they are sound, and that regulatory responsibilities are discharged.  We expand dramatically the powers of these institutions under this legislation. But in some respect we are inhibiting some of the traditional regulatory roles of our Federal regulators. For example, in section 114, there is a prohibition which prevents the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Office of Thrift Supervision from examining a mutual fund operated by a bank or thrift. Currently, they have limited authority to do such examinations. We are taking that away.  Section 111, another example, prohibits the Federal Reserve from examining the securities or insurance affiliate unless there is a ``reasonable cause to believe'' the affiliate is engaging in risky activity. Ask yourself, how do you reasonably believe such activity is taking place unless you have the opportunity and indeed the authority to at least go in and check periodically what is going on?  Many of these provisions might create a structure of regulation which is just too porous to withstand the kind of pressures that we see in the financial marketplace. It is reasonable to conclude how we got here. We have emphasized throughout this debate this notion of functional regulation, that securities should be regulated by the SEC, depositories should be regulated exclusively by banking regulators, and that a loose, overarching regulatory provision should be discharged by the Federal Reserve.  Setting up compartments with a loose umbrella invites the notion that something will go wrong, something will fall through the cracks. As we go through this process, the debate and the continued examination of this bill, we have to ask ourselves not only before the legislation is passed but if it is passed afterwards, are there any unintended loopholes that could be exploited, unfortunately, which would be detrimental to safety and soundness?  There is another provision which I think is important to point out. That is the notion that in the context of the insurance business, State insurance regulators basically have a veto over Federal Reserve authority to demand that an insurance affiliate contribute to the State of a holding company. This is a reversal from the traditional authority and the traditional regulatory perspective of the Federal Reserve.  For years, since their active regulation of the Bank Holding Company Act, the doctrine of the Federal Reserve has been that the holding company is a source of strength to the underlying depository institution. That ``source of strength'' doctrine is, in part, repealed by this legislation, because within the context of an insurance company, and specifically the next great round of mergers will be between depository institutions and insurance companies--that is the example that Travelers and Citicorp established when these insurance companies started merging together with banks, big banks, big insurance companies--we are going to have for the first time in our financial history, a situation where an insurance regulator can say to the Chairman of the Fed, even though that depository institution is ailing mightily and my insurance company is very healthy, I'm not going to allow any transfer of funds from the insurance entity to the depository institution because I don't have to, one; and, two, I'm concerned about the long-term viability of the insurance entity, so I will not cooperate.  What that means is that rather than the present model where every subsidiary affiliate of a holding company contributes to the health of the deposit insurance, we have a situation where the taxpayer, through the insurance funds, will be bailing out a bank that very well might have a very healthy insurance affiliate.  These are some of the regulatory examples which I think have to continue to be watched, examined, and thought about. I hope as we go forward that we could engage the Fed in a constructive dialog with respect to their views on how we on a practical basis deal with some of the concerns I raised today.  We have the potential of passing legislation which would be terribly helpful to our financial community. I want to pass the legislation. Unless we resolve the issue of the Community Reinvestment Act, unless we resolve the issue of operating subsidiaries, unless we look more carefully and closely and make changes perhaps in some of the regulatory framework, this is not the legislation that ultimately can or should become law.  I yield my time.  