It is, indeed, invigorating and encouraging to be in the Chamber today to talk about education, talking about an innovative proposal to try to reform education and also being able to have a principled debate about increasing the accountability that should be inherent in this proposal because the issue of flexibility alone without accountability could lead simply to sending funds to States without proper controls. And so I believe we will have to emphasize in this debate and ultimately in this legislation accountability as well as flexibility.  I have been working on these issues since my time in the other body on the Education and Labor Committee and here on the Labor and Human Resources Committee, and I have always tried to stress the notion of accountability because, sadly, there are too many children in this country today who are not receiving quality education, particularly in rural areas and in central cities. And if we simply transfer funds without some meaningful accountability, I think we will continue to promulgate that disadvantage and continue to do disservice to those children.  I would prefer, frankly, to look at all these issues in the context of the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, because however innovative this approach is today with Ed-Flex, it is in my view a nod toward reform, a genuflection toward reform, but it is not the comprehensive reform, frankly, that we should be encouraging because that comprehensive reform requires improvement in teacher quality, the repair and modernization of schools, reduction in class size, strengthening parental involvement, equipping our libraries with the modern technology and the modern media, which is so necessary. And those are the hallmarks of real reform, and those we will encounter in a comprehensive and systematic way in the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Act. But if we are to deal with and move forward on the issue of flexibility, we have to do it right, and we have to do it with respect to accountability.  I want to emphasize one other point in terms of this comprehensive approach to education reform. I hope that in this year's reauthorization we would take special strides to try to develop ways to involve parents in the process. This might be one of the most difficult issues we face, one of the most challenging issues we face, but, ultimately, if we get it right, could be the lever that moves significant reform and in a way which we all can afford, because I don't think there is any person in this body who would say that we can do less than improve the involvement of parents in the education of their children.  The Ed-Flex bill provides flexibility to States. But, as I have stressed before, flexibility must be a carrot for and matched up with accountability.  One aspect of this--and the debate is ongoing now in discussions--and I again commend the sponsors for their willingness to talk and to discuss and negotiate these amendments, these proposed amendments--I think we have to be very clear what we are trying to use the flexibility to achieve.  In my view, we are trying to improve student performance. Our focal point should be improved student performance, and this legislation should reflect that overriding focal point. It is one thing to provide relief from forms of regulation to make the life of a principal a little easier, the life of school committee people a little easier, and maybe free up a few extra dollars along the way, but if that does not result in improved student achievement, then we have missed the boat, we have missed the point. That should be our overarching goal, and I believe the amendment Senator Kennedy and I are proposing is a key to that, and I hope we are making progress to come to a principled reconciliation.  