President, I rise in strong support of the Bryan CRA amendment. This amendment would strike the small bank exemption and the CRA safe harbor provisions included in S. 900 and require banks to have a ``satisfactory'' CRA rating as a condition for engaging in the expanded powers allowed under this bill.  The language of this amendment is similar to language that was included in the financial modernization bill which passed the House and Senate Banking Committee by a vote of 16 to 2 last year and which enjoyed broad industry support. Similar language has also been incorporated in the H.R. 10 bill that recently passed the House Banking Committee and is pending in the House Commerce Committee.  In short, the Community Reinvestment Act requires financial institutions to meet the credit needs of thelocal communities in which they are chartered, including low- and moderate-income communities, consistent with safe and sound practices. Let me reiterate, CRA requires banks to make credit-worthy loans. It does not require banks to make bad loans.  Despite this fact, some have argued that CRA is tantamount to government-mandated credit allocation. Nothing could be further from the truth. Neither the Act nor its regulations specify the number of loans, the type of loans, or the parties to CRA loans. To the contrary, CRA relies on market forces and private sector ingenuity to promote community lending. This is evidenced by the tremendous flexibility that financial institutions have in satisfying CRA. For example, loans to low-income individuals; loans to nonprofits serving primarily low- and moderate-income housing needs; loans to financial intermediaries such as Community Development Financial Institutions; and loans to local, state, and tribal governments may qualify for CRA coverage. Moreover, loans to finance environmental clean-up or redevelop industrial sites in low- and moderate-income areas also qualify as CRA loans.  In addition to lending, CRA is satisfied through investments by financial institutions in organizations engaged in affordable housing rehabilitation, and facilities that promote community development such as child care centers, homeless centers, and soup kitchens.  Even Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has weighed in on this issue, arguing, ``The essential purpose of the CRA is to try to encourage institutions who are not involved in areas where their own self-interest is involved, in doing so. If you are indicating to an institution that there is a foregone business opportunity in an area X or loan product Y, that is not credit allocation. That, indeed, is enhancing the market.''  As illustrated by these examples and Chairman Greenspan's comments, it is clear that CRA is a far cry from government-mandated credit allocation. To be sure, CRA is predicated on two simple assumptions that were well-articulated by the legislative architect of CRA, former Senate Banking Committee Chairman Proxmire, who stated, ``(1) Government through tax revenues and public debt cannot and should not provide more than a limited part of the capital required for local housing and economic development needs. Financial institutions in our free economic system must play the leading role, and (2) A public charter for a bank or savings institution conveys numerous benefits and it is fair for the public to ask something in return.''  In the words of former Comptroller of the Currency Eugene Ludwig, ``CRA is in many respects a model statute. It requires no public subsidy, no private subsidy, and no massive Washington bureaucracy.''  It is this simple concept that has resulted in more than $1 trillion in loan commitments for low- and moderate-income borrowers since CRA's enactment in 1977. Indeed, the record home ownership rate that the U.S. is now enjoying--66.3 percent of Americans own their homes--is in large measure due to CRA lending to minorities and low-income individuals. Minorities have accounted for a disproportionately large share of home ownership growth since 1994--roughly 42 percent.  Also, since 1993, home mortgage loans to low- and moderate-income census tracts have risen by 22 percent, which is more than twice as fast as the rate of growth in all home mortgage loans. In view of these statistics, it is clear that CRA has played a tremendous role in the home ownership boom.  In addition to increases in home mortgage lending, CRA has also been responsible for an increase in community development lending. In the past four years, banks have invested four times as much in community development projects, as they did in the previous thirty years.  This increased investment in community development by banks has also furthered the evolution of a secondary market for community development loans, which ultimately provides additional capital for community development. For many years, the development of a secondary market for community development loans had been limited. This development was limited for a number of reasons including the lack of conformity in the underlying loans, as well as the fact that community development securities typically do not receive a rating from a nationally-recognized rating agency. Also, the underlying loans lacked long-term performance data, making them difficult to rate.  However, because of CRA, a secondary market for community development securities is beginning to emerge. This is happening for two specific reasons: (1) The federal banking regulators have interpreted CRA to allow banks to get CRA credit for purchasing community development securities, even if they lack ratings or performance data, if the purchases are consistent with safe and sound banking practices, (2) Also, as banks have increased their community development lending, they have been able to draw on this experience to improve underwriting standards and create greater conformity in underwriting, which is important for investors in the secondary market. Also, this experience has provided banks with greater empirical data on loan performance, which is another important consideration for secondary market investors. These are trends that we should clearly be excited about and should seek to further.  Instead, S. 900 would undermine this progress. Specifically, one provision of S. 900 would exempt rural banks with assets under $100 million from CRA. Although this exemption is limited to the smallest institutions, over 76 percent of rural banks would be covered. This is of great concern since small banks have historically received the lowest CRA ratings. In fact, institutions with less than $100 million in assets accounted for 92 percent of institutions receiving ``non-compliance'' CRA ratings in 1997-1998.  I am also concerned about this exemption because smaller banks are typically the primary sources of credit in rural communities. Hence, absent CRA, it is likely that many rural communities could become credit-starved.  The bill also includes a provision that would provide a safe harbor for banks with a ``satisfactory'' or better CRA rating. Specifically, institutions receiving a satisfactory CRA rating at their most recent examination would be presumptively in compliance with CRA, unless ``substantial verifiable information'' to the contrary was presented. I am concerned about this provision because it establishes a very difficult-to-satisfy burden of proof for individuals or groups wishing to protest a bank merger on CRA grounds. Indeed, I fear this provision will greatly inhibit the ability of groups to get the necessary information from banks to protest a merger. Also, when considering the fact that 97 percent of institutions receive a satisfactory or better CRA rating, it is clear that this provision will effectively eliminate CRA comment on a bank merger.  If these provisions of S. 900 are not eliminated, I fear a return to the days prior to CRA's enactment when access to credit was limited for many minorities and those living in low-income neighborhoods. In fact, testimony before the Senate Banking Committee during the consideration of CRA in 1977 revealed how bad things were. Witnesses recounted stories of financial institutions that had previously been active in urban lending, that disinvested in those same urban neighborhoods as minorities increasingly moved in. Testimony before the Senate Banking Committee also brought to light a 1974 study of six Chicago banks. In the study, it was found that these banks, which held $144 million in deposits from low-income and minority communities, returned one-half cent on the dollar in home loans. Such was the deplorable state of lending in low-income and minority communities before CRA.  While certainly we have come a long way since CRA's passage in 1977, lending discrimination, unfortunately, persists. In a study published earlier this year by the Fair Housing Council of Greater Washington, it was revealed that Washington area lenders discriminate against two out of five African American and Hispanic mortgage applicants. In one incident cited in the study, a Rockville lender advised a black tester that the lender did not make loans to first-time home buyers. The same lender later met with a white tester, also posing as a first-time home buyer, giving the tester an appointment and encouraging him to apply for a mortgage loan. Lending studies byother organizations reveal similar findings. These studies have shown that minority borrowers receive fewer bank loans even when their financial status is the same as or better than white borrowers.  By encouraging lenders to extend credit to all communities, CRA has been an important weapon in fighting lending discrimination. The Bryan amendment will ensure the potency of CRA in fighting lending discrimination and providing fair access to credit to low-income and minority communities.  In closing, Mr. President, let me reiterate how important it is to include CRA in any modernization legislation that passes. It is very likely that if S. 900 is enacted, we will see increased consolidation in the financial services industry. As we know from recent experience, this consolidation will likely lead to layoffs and bank branch closings. Absent the CRA language included in the Bryan amendment, I fear that this consolidation could have a significant and adverse impact on access to banking services and credit in low-income and minority communities. By adopting the Bryan amendment, we will at least ensure that industry consolidation will not decrease access to credit in these communities.  In fact, I feel so strongly about these provisions that I plan on opposing the bill if this amendment is not adopted. I would hope my colleagues can support this amendment.  