President, I am here today to join my colleagues, Senator Torricelli and Senator Boxer and others, who are pointing out that America has recently been both shocked and, we hope, awakened to the danger of gun violence throughout our land and particularly the gun violence that envelops our children.  A few weeks ago, last month, we in this Senate began to recognize that the people of the United States want reasonable gun control policies. They want these policies to protect themselves and particularly to protect their children. During consideration of the juvenile justice bill, we made some progress by passing a ban on the juvenile possession of semiautomatic assault weapons and a ban on the importation of high-capacity ammunition clips. We saw Republicans join all Democrats in voting to require that child safety devices be sold with all handguns. Finally, with a historic, tie-breaking vote by the Vice President, we passed the Lautenberg amendment to firmly close the gun show and pawnshop loophole by requiring background checks on all sales and allowing law enforcement up to 72 hours to conduct these background checks, as currently permitted by the Brady law.  These are the kinds of measures that Democrats in Congress have been advocating for years. It is unfortunate that it took the Littleton tragedy to bring our colleagues in the majority around to our way of thinking. We welcome even these small steps in the right direction. But these are, indeed, small steps, and we need to do much more. We should reinstate the Brady waiting period, which expired last November, to provide a cooling off period before the purchase of a handgun. My colleague from New Jersey said it so well: Too often crimes with handguns are crimes of rage and passion. A cooling off period might insulate the acquisition of the gun from the crime of passion or rage. Even if we do perfect the instant check, this waiting period will still play a very valuable role in ensuring that handguns are not the source of violence and death in our society. We should also pass a child access prevention law to hold adults responsible if they allow a child to gain access to a firearm and that child uses the firearm to harm another.  These are the types of protections that are, indeed, necessary.  In addition, we should completely close the Internet gun sales loophole, something the Senate failed to do last month when we were considering the juvenile justice bill. We all know the increasing power of the Internet to sell goods and services. Whatever is happening now in the distribution of firearms through the Internet is merely a glimpse and a foreshadowing of what will happen in the months and years ahead. We should act now, promptly, so we can establish sensible rules with respect to the Internet sale of firearms.  I also believe that we should apply to guns the same consumer product regulations which we apply to virtually every other product in this country. Again, the Senator from New Jersey was very eloquent when he described the paradox, the unexplainable paradox, the situation in which we regulate toy guns but we cannot by law, in any way, shape or form, regulate real guns. If toy guns, teddy bears, lawn mowers, and hair dryers are all subject to regulation to ensure they include features to minimize the dangers to children, why not firearms?  I have introduced legislation to allow the Consumer Product Safety Commission to regulate firearms to protect children and adults against unreasonable risk of injury. I know my friend and colleague from New Jersey has introduced a bill to allow the Treasury Department to regulate firearms. Whichever agency ultimately has oversight, the important thing is that guns should no longer be the only consumer product exempt from even the most basic safety regulations.  Finally, I believe that gun dealers should be held responsible if they violate Federal law by selling a firearm to a minor, a convicted felon, or others prohibited from buying firearms.  Currently, there are over 104,000 federally licensed firearms dealers in the United States. While most of these dealers are responsible small business people, recent tracing of crime guns by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms has found substantial evidence that some dealers are selling guns to juveniles and convicted felons. This direct diversion of weapons from retail to illegal markets is taking place both through off-the-book sales by corrupt dealers and through so-called straw purchases, when an ineligible buyer has a friend or relative buy a firearm for him or her.  Indeed, just this week, my colleague, Senator Schumer, from New York released a study of Federal firearms data that reveals a stunning number of crime guns being sold by a very, very small proportion of the Nation's gun dealers. According to data supplied by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, just 1 percent of this country's gun dealers sold nearly half of the guns used in crime last year. The statistics suggest we must move aggressively against these dealers who are flouting the laws and who are disregarding public safety.  To remedy this situation, I have introduced S. 1101, the Gun Dealer Responsibility Act, which would provide a statutory cause of action for victims of gun violence against dealers whose illegal sale of a gun directly contributes to the victim's injury. I believe this legislation will make unscrupulous gun dealers think twice about to whom they will sell a weapon, particularly if they intend to sell it to minors, convicted felons or any other ineligible buyer, either directly or through straw purchases.  Anyone who honestly considers the tragic events in Littleton 1 month ago and the 13 children who die from gun violence each day in this country must concede that our young people have far too easy and unlimited access to guns. It is a shameful commentary that in this country today, in 1999, for too many children it is easier to get a gun than it is to get counseling. We have to work on both fronts--improving our schools and access to mental health services and counseling and support--but we also have to close the loopholes which make it easy for youngsters to get guns. Last year, 6,000 American students were expelled from elementary or high school for bringing a gun into the school building. That, too, is an indication that we have to work to ensure that children do not have access to firearms.  We must do more than just keeping the guns away, but that is something we have to do right now in a comprehensive and coherent way.  The measures I have suggested and the measures that my colleague from New Jersey suggested are sensible parts of a comprehensive strategy to do what every American wants done: to keep weapons out of the hands of young children who may use them to harm themselves or harm others.  I hope that having been awakened by the tragedy in Littleton, we are ready to move progressively and aggressively to remedy this situation in the Senate.  I thank the Chair. I yield back the remainder of my time.  