President, in the past week the Republican majority in the Senate finally has begun to show signs of understanding that Americans want reasonable gun control policies in this country. We have made some progress by passing a ban on juvenile possession of semiautomatic assault weapons and a ban on the importation of high-capacity ammunition clips. We saw most Republicans join all Democrats in voting to require that child safety devices be sold with all handguns. And finally, this morning, with a tie-breaking vote by the Vice President, we passed the Lautenberg amendment to firmly close the gun show loophole.  These are the kinds of measures that Democrats in Congress have been advocating for years, and it is unfortunate that it took a tragedy like Littleton to bring our colleagues in the majority around to our way of thinking, but we welcome even these small steps in the right direction.  But small steps they are, Mr. President, and we need to do much more. We should reinstate the Brady waiting period, which expired last November, to provide a cooling off period before the purchase of a handgun. We should pass a child access prevention law to hold adults responsible if they allow a child to gain access to a firearm and that child then uses the firearm to harm another person. And we should firmly close the Internet gun sales loophole, something the Senate failed to do last week.  I also believe that we should apply the same consumer product regulations which apply to virtually every other industry and product in this country to guns. If toy guns, teddy bears, lawn mowers and hair dryers are subject to regulation to ensure that they include features to minimize the danger to children, why not firearms? I plan to introduce legislation to allow the Consumer Product Safety Commission to regulate firearms to protect children and adults against unreasonable risk of injury. I know my friend Senator Torricelli has introduced a bill to allow the Treasury Department to regulate firearms. Whichever agency ultimately has oversight, the important thing is that guns should no longer be the only consumer product exempt from basic safety regulations.  Mr. President, the NRA's own estimate is that there are over 200 million guns in this country. That's nearly one for every American. But let's remember that most Americans don't own guns. For most Americans, especially in urban areas, a gun in a public place in the possession of anyone other than a law enforcement officer usually brings on a sense of fear, not a sense of protection.  As the President said a few weeks ago, this fundamental difference in perspective is at the heart of this gun debate. If we are to solve the problem of gun violence in this country, we have to come to a meeting of the minds between gun owners and non-gun owners, between rural and urban America.  Americans who live in urban and suburban communities need to understandthe legitimate use of firearms for hunting and sports activities. But at the same time, members of Congress from mostly rural states must recognize the immense pain and suffering that guns cause in our nation's urban areas, and they should work with us to convince their constituents that reasonable, targeted gun restrictions can make a world of difference by saving lives in America's cities and suburbs.  I would also add that this is not simply an eastern vs. western states issue. For example, the Washington Post recently reported that in Florida, six of the state's most urban counties have adopted measures to require a waiting period and background checks on all firearm sales at guns shows, while the rest of the state has not. Every senator, from every region of the country, has some constituents who legally use firearms, and others who want nothing to do with them and see them as a deadly threat. My state is no different, and I recognize that many of my constituents are decent people who hunt or sport-shoot safely.  While much more needs to be done, and while we are still far from passing comprehensive gun safety legislation, we have seen in the past week at least a few limited examples of how, working together, we can bridge the gap and approve reasonable, targeted restrictions on gun access without taking away a law-abiding, adult citizen's ability to own a gun.  I also believe that gun dealers should be held responsible if they violate federal law by selling a firearm to a minor, convicted felon, or others prohibited from buying firearms. Currently, there are over 104,000 federally licensed firearms dealers in the United States. While most of these dealers are responsible small business people, recent tracing of crime-related guns by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF) has found substantial evidence that some dealers are selling guns to juveniles and convicted felons. This direct diversion of weapons from retail to illegal markets is taking place both through off-the-book sales by corrupt dealers and through so-called straw purchases, when an ineligible buyer has a friend or relative buy a firearm for him or her.  To remedy this situation, I have introduced legislation, the Gun Dealer Responsibility Act, that would provide a statutory cause of action for victims of gun violence against dealers whose illegal sale of a gun directly contributes to the victim's injury. I believe this legislation will make unscrupulous gun dealers think twice about who they are selling weapons to, particularly minors, convicted felons, or any other ineligible buyer, either directly or through straw purchases.  Our nation's federal juvenile justice programs establish four core principles that have served as the foundation of federal juvenile justice policy for years. States are required to uphold these principles in order to receive federal grant funds for juvenile justice activities. These four core principles include:  (1) Juveniles may not be within sight or sound of adult inmates in secure facilities. The evidence is overwhelmingly clear that youth held in adult prisons are frequently preyed upon by adult inmates. Compared to juveniles in juvenile facilities, they are 8 times more likely to commit suicide, 5 times more likely to be sexually assaulted, and 50% more likely to be attacked by a weapon.  (2) States should not confine juveniles for so-called ``status'' offenses, such as truancy, that would not be punishable if committed by an adult.  (3) States should remove juveniles from adult jails and lockups: For the same reasons I just mentioned, juveniles should not be held in adult jails and lockups, with very narrow exceptions and even then for very limited periods of time. And,  (4) States should address the problem of disproportionate minority confinement.  This last issue is one I want to talk briefly about today, because it is the area where I believe the bill before us most dramatically changes federal policy and clearly fails to uphold the longstanding principles of our juvenile justice system. Nearly seven out of ten juveniles held in secure facilities in this country are members of minority groups.  African-American juveniles are twice as likely to be arrested as white youth. There is, without question, a continuing need to address minority over-representation in the juvenile justice system. We should keep the incentives in current law that encourage states to do so. Unfortunately, the bill before us would replace those incentives with language that encourages states to reduce disproportionate representation of, quote, ``segments of the population,'' an ambiguous and unlimited phrase that could be interpreted to mean men, urban groups, or virtually any ``segment'' of the population. The effective result is that over-representation of minorities would no longer be the focus of our efforts, and one of the pillars of our federal juvenile justice policy would therefore be undermined. I was disappointed that the Senate yesterday failed to pass the Wellstone amendment to ensure that states continue to address disproportionate minority confinement issues. We have been making some progress in this area, and we need to continue that effort.  Another area where I think we can do much more is in the provision of mental health services for young people who come into contact with the juvenile justice system. My friend and fellow member of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, Senator Wellstone, spoke eloquently on this subject earlier this week. As he and I have discussed many times, you cannot have a meaningful discussion about juvenile justice without talking about mental health. The two are intimately intertwined.  Studies find that the rate of mental disorder is two to three times higher among the juvenile offender population than among youth in the general population. According to a 1994 Department of Justice study, 73% of juveniles in the juvenile justice system reported mental health problems, and 57% reported past treatment for those problems. In addition, over 60% of youth in the juvenile justice system may have substance abuse disorders, compared to 22% in the general population.  I have prepared legislation to authorize the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), in cooperation with the Department of Justice, to award grants to state or local juvenile justice agencies to provide mental health services for youth offenders with serious emotional disturbances who have been discharged from the juvenile justice system. I believe it is critical that we help local organizations to do several things to assist young offenders: (1) develop a plan of services for each youth offender; (2) provide a network of core or aftercare services for each youth offender, including mental health and substance abuse treatment, respite care, and foster care; and (3) provide planning and transition services to youth offenders while these youngsters are still incarcerated or detained. I hope that in the context of this bill or the SAMHSA reauthorization we can find room for this important program.  I believe that a community-based network of mental health services will reduce the likelihood that troubled youth will end up back in the juvenile justice system. By combining this innovative grant program with strong prevention programs to reach out to at-risk youth before they come into contact with the juvenile justice system in the first place, we can attack the problem of juvenile delinquency from both directions.  In closing, let me say that we all recognize that the problem of gun violence among our young people is caused by many factors, some of which we may not fully understand. We need more resources for prevention programs to reach at-risk youth before they come into contact with the juvenile justice system in the first place, and we have seen an increased willingness on the other side of aisle to provide those resources; we need a greater focus on mentoring and counseling for troubled youth, and we've seen some movement on that front as well; and yes, we need better enforcement of firearms laws and more effective prosecution of gun criminals, and there is no question that we will see more resources provided to make that happen.  But anyone who honestly considers the tragic events in Littleton one month ago, and the thirteen children who die every day in this country from gun violence, must concede that one ofthe biggest problems of all is that our young people have far too easy and unlimited access to guns. We must do more to keep guns away from kids and criminals by making sure that Brady Law background checks are applied across the board, by reinstating the Brady waiting period, by passing a child access prevention law, by firmly closing the Internet gun sales loophole, by holding dealers responsible for illegal sales, and by applying to firearms the same consumer product safety regulations that apply to virtually every other product in this country.  Let's do the right thing and pass a juvenile justice bill that includes every means possible to protect our children and all of our citizens from youth violence.  Thank you, Mr. President.  