 I want to make one final point about children, and then I would very much like to yield to the Senator. And I compliment him, too, on his efforts because we are working together on many of these issues, including children's health.  One final point: Children's health is, I would argue, more dependent on environmental conditions than adults. Of course, there are certain situations in the workplace where adults are exposed to chemicals, and we try to deal with that in terms of regulations and standards. However, it is also important to recognize that children are particularly prone to environmental and sociological conditions.  For instance, lead poisoning--it is an epidemic in so many cities. In my city of Providence it is an epidemic. But it is not just Rhode Island, it is across the country.  For too long, we used lead paint in houses, and now we do not have enough HUD money to clean up homes that have lead-based paints. That is why so many children have lead paint poisoning.  We have to recognize, for kids, is they these are important health problems. We have to be developing mechanisms so managed care organizations recognize these issues as health problems and that the Government recognizes them as health problems, and that they work together with linkages.  My final point is, unless we pass the kind of language that we have in the Democratic alternative, we are not going to give the special needs of children the attention it needs and deserves. When we start collecting the data, when we start having the HMOs publish what they do for kids--what is their success rate with kids? How many kids with complicated conditions do they have enrolled in their program? When we start doing that, they are going to have an incentive to start talking to the schools and the local authorities about their patients because now they have a real visible, accountable incentive to do it.  Just one final point: Again, Bruce Clarke, Gen. Bruce Clarke, one of the great combat leaders of World War II, said--and I remember this from my days at West Point--``A unit does well what its commander checks. If the commander doesn't check, you are not going to find that unit paying attention.''  We have not been checking on kids in HMOs in this country. I do not think they are doing particularly well as a result. When we start checking on kids specifically, as the Democratic alternative does, then we will start doing much better, I think we will start doing well.  I yield to the Senator from Oregon.  