President, I rise in strong support of the Gorton-Bryan-Feinstein-Reed sense-of-the-Senate resolution that is being considered today.  As my colleagues have stated, our resolution calls on the House of Representatives to drop a rider which they have incorporated in the Transportation appropriations bill that effectively blocks the Department of Transportation from studying ways to improve the corporate average fuel economy standards for vehicles in the United States. These standards are currently referred to as the CAFE standards.  The current CAFE standard for passenger cars is 27.5 miles per gallon, while the standard for the so-called light trucks is just 20.7 miles per gallon.  A few years ago, this lower standard for trucks might have been less critical, but what we have seen over the last several years has been an explosion in the popularity of SUVs, sport utility vehicles. They are seen in places that are more akin to shopping malls than the rugged terrain for which originally they were designed. SUVs and minivans are everywhere.  As a result, we have to take a serious look at whether this light truck exemption makes sense, given the current marketplace. Their impact--these SUVs and minivans--on the air we breathe and on the amount of gasoline we consume, including increasing amounts of imported gasoline, cannot be ignored.  We know this is a simple law of supply and demand. When you have many more vehicles subject to lower CAFE standards on the road, the demand for gasoline goes up, the price of gasolinegoes up, and the amount of gasoline that is consumed goes up, all of which ultimately affects our atmosphere.  In my State of Rhode Island alone, it is estimated that consumers face about $39 million in excess annual fuel costs because of this light truck loophole. Nevertheless, the CAFE freeze rider has been inserted into the House DOT spending bill every year for the past 4 years. Each time that happens, Congress denies the American people the benefits of fuel-saving technologies that already exist, technologies that the auto industry could implement with no reduction in safety, power, or performance.  The existing CAFE standards save more than 3 million barrels of oil every day. If we did not have these standards, we would be paying much more for oil and strategically we would be much more vulnerable in terms of our oil supply from around the world. Each year, these CAFE standards reduce pollution by keeping millions of tons of carbon dioxide out of our atmosphere.  Shouldn't we at least give the Department of Transportation the chance to study this issue? That is at the essence of our request--not that we should move immediately or precipitously to the adoption of new standards but at least give the Department of Transportation the opportunity to study particularly this light truck loophole.  The House version wrongly precludes any consideration, study, or analysis. That, to me, is the wrong way to approach a public policy issue. Let's at least study it. It is time we lift this somewhat gag order that has been placed on our ability to consider the costs and benefits of higher CAFE standards. I believe, by readjusting the CAFE standards particularly in terms of these light trucks we can make significant progress in terms of fuel oil economy and also environmental quality. But at least we have to begin this analysis.  I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment. I commend the sponsors for their work and hope it will be incorporated in this legislation.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  