President, this evening I rise to offer an amendment along with Senator Sarbanes, Senator Kerry of Massachusetts, and Senator Murray, to restore funding for regional development programs to the levels that are set forth in the President's budget. Unfortunately, the budget resolution which we are considering today would reduce the funding for community and regional development programs by $88.7 billion over 10 years. This is compared to the President's budget request.  For example, in fiscal year 2000, spending for community and regional development programs would be reduced from $11.9 billion to $5.3 billion, a cut of 55 percent. In fiscal year 2001, spending for these programs would be reduced from $9.1 billion to $2.7 billion, a cut of 70 percent.  Then, between the years 2002 and 2009, spending reductions each year are approximately 78 percent below the President's request. In effect, this budget before us would eviscerate community and regional development programs. These programs are at the heart of our efforts to invest in America, in our cities, in our rural areas, and to do so in a way that gives maximum flexibility to local mayors, Governors, and community officials.  My amendment would increase spending for community development programs by $88.7 billion over these 10 years to essentially meet the President's projections. It would be offset by reducing the amount of tax cuts, currently $778 billion, contained in this budget resolution. My amendment not only restores funding for community and regional development, it will still leave approximately $700 billion for tax cuts.  I am deeply troubled by these cuts in community development programs because they will undermine the progress that our cities and rural areas have been making over the last several years. In fact, in many cities there is an urban renaissance. Where they are beginning to clean up blighted areas, they are beginning to attract new investment in the center cities. They are beginning to develop and sustain a mature culture and the arts. All of this is a result of investments through many of these programs which stand to lose out tremendously in this proposed budget resolution.  One of the indications of a reviving urban area in the United States is the fact that crime, violent crime particularly, has fallen more than 21 percent since 1993, and property crimes have dropped to the lowest point since 1973. I argue this is not simply the result of better police activity. This is because the cities are now able to reinvest and reinvigorate their communities, their neighbors. In so doing, they give positive incentives and positive hope for people.  All this is happening. And all of this will stop happening quite dramatically if we make such a devastating cut in community development and regional development programs.  Let me suggest the particular programs that would be affected by these massive cuts. First is the Community Development Block Grant Program; then there is the section 108 program loans for cities and communities; there is the Economic Development Administration and their grants to States and communities; there is FEMA disaster assistance, which is part of this program; then there is brownfield redevelopment programs, which help aid the remediation of environmentally troubled areas so they can be redeveloped for use by cities and communities; and then there is the lead hazard reduction grants, which are a critical problem inmany parts of this country, particularly urban areas; then there is the community development financial institutions fund; the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation; and the Rural Community Advancement Program. All of these programs would see devastating cuts.  Let me for a moment talk about some of the particular programs that are subject to this very threatening budget resolution. First is the Community Development Block Grant Program. We are all familiar with this program. It provides grants to States and to communities on a formula basis, the type of programmatic initiatives for new housing and community development.  One of the virtues of this program, one of the reasons it is embraced by both sides of the aisle, conceptually, is the fact that it gives flexibility to the States and to the cities to decide how they want to use these funds. It is not a mandate from Washington. It is not a categorical program that makes them jump through all sorts of hoops. It gives them the flexibility to meet the demands that they deem most critical.  These funds have been used to reconstruct and rehabilitate housing and provide homeownership assistance and opportunity. In fact, between 1994 and 1996, over 640,000 housing units have been rehabilitated or constructed with CDBG funds--over 640,000 housing units. These are housing units typically for low-income Americans, for seniors, for people with disabilities. Without this type of investment, I daresay there would not be a lot of construction, particularly in some of the older neighborhoods in our cities and in rural areas. With these funds, we have been able to stimulate the kinds of construction and renovation and renewal that are so essential to the fabric of our communities.  These funds were also used to provide services related to the Welfare-to-Work Program. They are used to help assist in terms of drug suppression, to aid people with drug problems; child care monies are used and involved here; crime prevention and education--all of these programs would be subject to severe cuts.  They also assist tremendously community-based organizations, those organizations in rural areas and urban neighborhoods that are doing the job of trying to give people hope and opportunity and also leveraging private dollars to make sure that what we do has effect, not just here in Washington but on the streets of every city and every rural area of this country.  This program has many manifestations. In my home State of Rhode Island, in Bristol, they used CDBG money to fund the acquisition of basic medical examination equipment, to set up a clinic and a senior housing facility, providing better health care and doing it in a way which adds to the quality of life for these seniors.  In the State of New Mexico, they boast a new state-of-the-art facility to train students for jobs in high tech. This facility was funded with $600,000 in CDBG money. Again, it illustrates how flexible and useful these funds are, because they have been used by local communities to assist local training programs to meet local demands for certain types of employees. It is a very, very valuable program.  In South Carolina, CDBG funds were used for 27 economic development projects in rural areas, including such things as bringing water and sewer systems to communities that desperately needed them. Last year, approximately 4,000 communities throughout this country benefited from $4.6 billion in CDBG funding. Indeed, this funding alone leverages additional private investment. In fact, it has been estimated that for every $1 of CDBG money, there is $3 of private investment. As a result, last year, reasonably and, I think, conservatively, we estimate that the CDBG Program leveraged an additional $18.4 billion in private funds.  It also creates jobs, because when you invest in cities, when you invest in rural areas, when you do it in conjunction with other Federal programs, other State programs, you can create jobs. In fact, it has been estimated that in 1996, CDBG was responsible for creating about 133,000 jobs.  In view of all of this tremendous productivity, efficiency, and effectiveness, it seems to me remarkable and counterintuitive, indeed, that we would be cutting this program by about 78 percent, effectively rendering it useless.  There is another program that should be considered, too. That is the section 108 program. The section 108 program has been very critical to many urban areas in this country because what it does is, it allows cities to leverage their annual CDBG funds to borrow additional monies to increase the amount of investment dollars they have on hand for housing rehabilitation, for economic development, for public works projects. Indeed, it allows specifically a city or a community to take their CDBG allotment and leverage that for five times more dollars through this loan program. Securing their borrowing are the annual proceeds of their CDBG allocation.  I raise the question: What is going to happen to these communities if we slash this funding dramatically? I suggest that their financing situation would be critical. They would either have to find some other way to secure these loans, or they would have to immediately pay off these loans or they would be in default. This would be a staggering blow to many communities. Ultimately, what it would do, together with the cuts in the overall CDBG Program, it would drive up property taxes in many cities and rural areas.  The irony here is that we are using billions of dollars to cut Federal taxes, with the idea of providing tax relief, which, I think, in a way could drive up taxes in certain communities. In fact, we all know the property tax is much more regressive than income tax, than the Federal tax. We could have the unintended consequences, for many people throughout this country, of making their tax situation worse, depriving the cities of the opportunity to maintain a tax base, to stabilize it, and to attract new business, to attract new investment because of a stable tax base. This is absolutely bad policy, and it should be rejected.  Let us talk about another program that is subject to these draconian cuts. That is the Economic Development Administration. This agency provides valuable assistance, again, to States and communities so they can do projects which will accelerate their economic growth and create more jobs. In my home State of Rhode Island, we work closely with the EDA to provide funds to help us make the final cleanup and transition of a former Navy base, Quonset Point, Davisville, on Narragansett Bay, so they can be developed for industrial expansion. Without EDA grants to do things like extending sewer lines, taking down an obsolete water tower, the State would not be in a position, as it is today, to offer that property for economic development.  Again, this is a program which goes right to the direct needs of cities to create jobs and to invest in their communities and States and to do these types of investments. It would be reduced dramatically.  Brownfield redevelopment: We have brownfield redevelopment that is absolutely necessary for the urban areas of this country. It is necessary because we have areas that need environmental remediation, not only to make them more aesthetically pleasing but also to provide the opportunity for reinvestment, redevelopment for jobs; again, to strengthen the urban tax base and to do so in a way that creates jobs, increases the tax base, and also counteracts what is a growing problem everywhere, increasing urban sprawl. If we can revitalize and make attractive again parcels in center cities for commercial expansion, we will lessen the pressure on suburban areas. This, too, can be done and has to be done in conjunction with many things. One of them is the Brownfield Grant Program. That, too, is on the chopping block.  Lead hazard reduction grants: In my home State of Rhode Island, we have a major hazard with lead paint and children, a major public health problem, a public health problem that is one I think we are embarrassed to admit, but it is there. It is there particularly in older communities, not just in urban areas but older rural communities.  Most of the paint that was created years ago had a lead base. It was put up everywhere. Kids now are exposed to that paint and exposed to other sources of lead. It has been estimated that nearly 5 percent of American children, age 1 to 5, approximately 1 millionchildren, suffer from lead paint poisoning. That is an outrage in this country.  Our programs to combat it, to reduce it, would be subject to severe limitations, because HUD's Office of Lead Hazard Control would not have the resources--the meager resources, I might add--today that they are using to try to help communities reduce the lead hazard throughout this country.  Now, these are just a sample of the programs that would be eviscerated by this proposed budget resolution, that would be reduced over the next 10 years, dramatically, would be rendered perhaps ineffectual and totally without purpose in many instances. That is why I think we have to restore these funds and do so by taking funds away from the proposed tax cuts that are embedded within this budget resolution.  There will be some procedural arguments, I am sure, raised about my amendment, perhaps budget points of order, but really I think what we have to consider here is the substance. We cannot afford to stop investing in our cities and our rural areas. This budget does precisely that. It says to America's cities and America's rural areas: We are no longer going to invest in you; you are on your own; good luck; but what we are going to do is reduce taxes, Federal taxes.  I don't think we should abandon our cities and our rural areas. Certainly my amendment could accommodate both--a tax cut, together with the continued investment in the rural areas of America and also in our urban centers.  I feel compelled to restore these cuts. I feel that the substance of this amendment should triumph over procedural rules that might be imposed against it. As we go forward, I hope that others will feel the same way, too, because, frankly, we are charting a course with this budget resolution that would, I think, lead to, if not the ruin of our cities and rural areas, certainly it would lead to the lack of progress that we have seen over the last several years.  I hope when this amendment is considered that it will be supported as a way in which we can send clearly a signal to all of our cities and to our rural areas: We will not abandon you; we will continue to support you; we will continue to share with you resources that you may use in your wisdom to improve the quality of life of your cities, of your rural areas and, in so doing, improve the quality of life of this great country.  I yield the floor.  