President, I am pleased today to join my colleague from New Jersey, Senator Torricelli, to discuss the issue of childhood lead poisoning and discuss the legislation we introduced.  Over the last 20 years, the United States has made significant progress in reducing lead exposure, particularly among our children. We have enacted bans on lead-based paint, lead solder in food cans, and the deleading of gasoline. As a result, blood lead levels in the United States have decreased by 80 percent. That is good news.  However, what is not good news is the fact that there are an estimatednearly 1 million preschoolers who have excessive lead in their blood, making lead poisoning one of the leading childhood environmental diseases, if not the most significant environmental disease that affects children today.  Today, lead-based paint in housing is the major source of this exposure to our children. It has been estimated that approximately half of America's housing stock, roughly 64 million units, contain some lead-based paint. Twenty million of these homes contain lead-based paint in a hazardous condition--paint which is peeling, cracked, or chipped.  Children typically get exposed to this, and young children particularly, while playing on floors that have minute particles of lead, from opening and closing windows, particularly old windows, because of the paint in the runners which crack when the window is opened or closed. Thousands of particles of lead are set off in the atmosphere, and children ingest these particles.  Children also ingest lead in backyards in older neighborhoods where cars were worked on 20 years before but in the ground there are still significant quantities of lead.  This is particularly a problem in my home State of Rhode Island, because we have a rather old housing stock; 43.7 percent of our houses and homes were built before 1950 when lead paint was ubiquitous; it was used everywhere. HUD estimates that 80 percent of pre-1950 homes used lead paint. There are only five States that have a higher percentage of older homes--those built before 1950--than Rhode Island. In Rhode Island this is a significant problem.  Nationally we have found that 1 in 11 children has elevated blood levels. In Rhode Island it is one in five. Nationally this is still a problem. This is not just an issue that pertains to the Northeast or to some parts of the country. It cuts across every sector of this great Nation.  Another example from the Rhode Island experience: In 1998, 15,000 Rhode Island children entering kindergarten had their blood levels screened; 3,000 of these children had elevated lead in their blood systems. That is an unacceptable percentage. We would like to see zero elevated lead levels but certainly not 3,000 out of 15,000.  The impact is unfairly borne by minority children, low-income children. African American children are five times more likely than white children to contact lead poisoning. In Rhode Island, 14 percent of white children screened in 1998 had elevated lead levels, 36 percent of African American children, and 29 percent of Hispanic children. This is an environmental disease that is correlated highly with low income. Poor housing unduly affects minority children throughout the country.  We also know that exposure to lead leads to health problems for children. It also has a profound impact on their educational development, because lead will attack the central nervous system and upset cognitive functions. It is a pernicious disease which will lead to impairment of educational ability and intellectual ability.  One of the ironies of our program is that we spend very little relative to lead problems, but we are spending millions and millions and millions on special education. In fact, there is not one of my colleagues who has not heard his or her local school superintendent or the Governor say: We have to support special education; we have to reduce these costs. We can if we have a health care system that reacts and screens for lead in children.  These lead-affected children are more likely, because of educational complications, to drop out of school. In fact, it has been estimated that they are seven times more likely to drop out of school if they have elevated blood lead levels. We continue to pay for special education through dropouts, through young people who do not have the skills to participate fully in our economy.  It is our responsibility to do something. As my colleague, Senator Torricelli, mentioned, we have in the past instructed all the Federal health care programs to screen children and to treat children, but we have not been able to measure up to the task we have given them. We have not been able to effectively screen all the children. Certainly we haven't been able to treat all these children.  We do have solutions: First, we have to make parents more aware, and also we have to insist upon comprehensive screening and treatment for children who are at risk.  In January 1999, the General Accounting Office reported that children in federally funded health care programs such as Medicaid, WIC programs, and the Health Centers Program are five times more likely to have elevated blood levels than children who are not in these programs. The report also found--this is substantiated by what Senator Torricelli said and underscores the need for action now--that despite longstanding Federal requirements over 20 years, two-thirds of the children in these programs, more than 400,000, have never been screened at all, even though it is our policy that they all should be screened--400,000 children.  Our legislation, the Children's Lead Safe Act, will ensure that all preschool children who are enrolled in Federal health care programs who are most at risk for lead poisoning are screened and receive appropriate followup care. We know that early detection of lead exposure is critical to the success and the health of that child.  We also know that unless you screen the child, you will not know if that child requires extensive follow-on care. If we do the screening, as for years we have said we must, we will go a long way toward taking the first step in reducing this problem, finding out who is exposed, and getting those children into appropriate care.  We want to ensure there are clear and consistent standards for the screening, that we don't have a hodgepodge of different standards, that we have a program that is sensitive to the latest scientific information.  In addition to comprehensive screening, we are also going to insist on clear and consistent standards that will be applied by every health care provider who is screening these children.  Another aspect of the legislation is to have a management system in place that follows these children.  As an aside, I had an interesting conversation just a few weeks ago with a physician from Los Angeles who is an expert in asthma, which is another environmental childhood disease of significance. He has created a special program with a mobile laboratory which goes to each school. One of the key factors for the success of his program is that not only does he treat the child, but there is an elaborate information system to follow the course of that child. In fact, what he found is that without this elaborate followup, this information system that can monitor the results and the progress of children, initial treatment is seldom effective.  If we begin to insist upon comprehensive screening, as we have said we wanted for 20 years, if we go ahead and require that there be universal screening standards that are applied everywhere, if we have a system of information that will follow these children and ensure that they get the care, and ultimately we provide the resources for the care, we can go a long, long way to do what we have wanted to do for decades, to ensure that every child in America is not exposed to lead and, if they are, they are treated properly and effectively.  If we do these things, the payoff is going to be dramatic. We are going to have healthier children. We are going to have children who are more able and willing to learn. We will, I hope, reduce the dropout rate because, I remind my colleagues again, a child with elevated lead blood levels is seven times more likely to drop out.  In sum, we are going to be able to spare children from a disease which is entirely avoidable. That is why we are so enthusiastic about the legislation we are proposing. Both Senator Torricelli and I believe this is a sensible, efficient way to do what we all want to do. We also believe in the long run--and I know this is said about so much legislation, but this certainly must be the case--this will be saving not only the children but will be saving dollars in special education and in dropout prevention.  In many ways we are paying right now for a problem that not only could be addressed but effectively resolved. So I encourage all my colleagues tojoin us to ensure our legislation becomes law and that an unnecessary disease affecting children, the No. 1 environmental disease affecting children in this country, can be eradicated and will go the way of many other childhood diseases because we took action.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  