President, I rise to support the amendment sponsored by my colleague from New Mexico. I commend him for his commitment and dedication.  During the 1994 reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, I was a member of the other body. There I proposed an accountability amendment in committee which strengthened our oversight and accountability for title I and other elementary and secondary school programs. When we came to the conference, it was Senator Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico who was leading the fight on the Senate side to ensure accountability was part and parcel of the 1994 reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. I am pleased to work with him today on this very important amendment.  What we propose to do is to provide $200 million so the States can move from talking about accountability and intervening in low-performing schools to actually taking the steps to do just that. There are scarce Federal dollars that we provide for elementary and secondary education programs, the principal program being title I. Although we allocate $8 billion a year for title I, there still appears to be insufficient resources to ensure that accountability reforms and oversight are effectively taking place in our schools.  This amendment provides for those resources. It ensures we get the best value for the money we invest in title I. It allows schools to not only provide piecemeal services to students but to look and seek out ways to reform the way they educate the students in their classrooms.  We will continue as the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act approaches to stress this issue of accountability. But today we have an opportune moment to invest in accountability and school reform. What we find is that the States, either through lack of financial resources, lack of focus, or due to other commitments and priorities, are not intervening in low-performing and failing schools as they should. They are not directing the kind of school improvement teams, for example, that have been authorized under title I. This amendment gives them not only the incentive but the resources to do that. In effect, what we are trying to do is make title I not just a way to distribute money to low-income schools but to stimulate the reform and improvement of these schools.  It should be noted that the amendment targets the lowest performing schools to try to lift up those schools which are consistently failing their students. We all know if the schools are not working, these young people are not going to get the education they need and require to be productive citizens and workers and to contribute to our community and to our country. That is at the heart of all of our efforts on both sides of the aisle in the Senate.  It is vitally important to turn around the lowest performing and failing schools. The 1994 reauthorization focused attention in the States on accountability, improvement, and reform. The States have taken steps to adopt accountability systems. But today we are here to give States and school districts the tools to ensure the job of turning around failing schools can be done effectively and completely. I urge passage of this amendment.  Once again, I commend the Senator from New Mexico for his leadership and look forward to working with him as we undertake the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act in the months ahead.  I yield whatever time I have.  