President, I rise today to join a bipartisan chorus of Senators who have requested we take up action on Senate bill S. 331, the Work Incentives Improvement Act.  As my colleagues know, this legislation would remove a significant barrier that individuals with disabilities face when they are trying to return to the workforce. The significant barrier is continued access to health care if they leave SSDI or SSI programs. Currently, individuals with disabilities who are eligible for Social Security disability insurance, SSDI, or supplemental security income, SSI, face the dilemma of losing their Medicare and Medicaid health benefits simply because they return to work.  This is regrettable. According to surveys, about three-quarters of individuals with disabilities in the United States who enroll in SSI or SSDI want to work. Sadly, less than one-half of 1 percent are actually able to make the transition because--this is a major reason--they are afraid once they lose their health care they will be unable to support themselves. Whatever they earn by working they lose by forfeiting their health care.  We can correct this situation by simply extending eligibility to Medicare and Medicaid for these individuals. We can provide them a helping hand to move from unemployment to contributing to our economy and to our society.  With the Americans With Disabilities Act, we passed legislation to combat discrimination and remove physical barriers from the workplace. Now we have a chance to lift a health care roadblock which is stopping many people from moving from a place of unemployment to one in which they are fully participating in our economy.  In my home State of Rhode Island, there are more than 40,000 individuals with disabilities who are eligible for SSI or SSDI. These individuals could benefit immediately from this work incentives bill. Across the country, there are about 9.5 million people who are similarly situated who could benefit from this legislation.  In addition to the simple argument about fairness and giving everyone the chance to fully use their talents to benefit not only themselves but their community, there is another compelling reason. We are all familiar with the solvency crisis with respect to Social Security but what is less familiar is that with respect to our disability insurance fund--which is part of Social Security--there is also a crisis. Indeed, while the old age and survivors portion of Social Security will be able to pay full benefits until the year 2036, the disability insurance portion becomes insolvent 16 years earlier, in 2020.  If we help disabled workers return to the workforce, we will, in effect, also be reducing the cash payments out of this disability insurance fund which will give it longer solvency, which will be a way to address a problem that is lurking just over the horizon in the year 2020.  For economic reasons, as well as our commitment to the basic ideal of allowing Americans to use all of their talents, this legislation makes a great deal of sense.  Now, we have seen this legislation proposed under the able leadership of Senator Jeffords and Senator Kennedy. This Work Incentives Improvement Act was nearly adopted at the end of last Congress because of their effort. I was a very proud cosponsor of that version. This year, Senators Roth and Moynihan have also stepped up to take major leadership roles. Indeed, we have more than 70 cosponsors. This is a piece of legislation that is bipartisan, with strong support in both caucuses. Because of this support, because of the efforts of the leadership of Senator Roth and Senator Moynihan, this bill passed the Finance Committee on March 4, 1999, but we have been waiting for several months to bring it to the floor, to get it passed, and to give disabled Americans a chance at better employment.  In March, we were able to take another bill with bipartisan support, the Ed-Flex bill, and work through the problems. The reason we were able to do that was we decided to act, we decided not to let legislation be bottled up, but to move it to this floor, and from this floor to the President for his signature.  We have today with respect to this disability legislation twice the inherent support in terms of numbers of Senators, and it also has grassroots support with more than 100 groups endorsing this bill. This support runs the gamut from advocacy groups for disabled Americans all the way to the insurance industry. With this type of support, both within this Chamber and across the country, we should be able to move this just as we moved the Ed-Flex legislation a few months ago.  Also, I was pleased to note that in a May 28 edition of the Washington Post,the majority leader indicated he was satisfied with the status of this bill and ready to move to the floor. It is my hope we can adopt this legislation, that we can bring it here, that we can debate it, and we can move it forward. If we do so, we will be providing an opportunity for disabled Americans all across this country to use their talents for their own benefit and to contribute to the communities and to this Nation. That, I think, is the essence of why we are here--for wise legislative policies that allow Americans to use their talents to benefit themselves and this country.  I hope we adopt this very quickly. That means, of course, we schedule this legislation; that we will, in fact, bring to the floor the Work Incentives Improvement Act for a vote. If we do so, we will be doing the work we were sent here to do by our constituents.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  