President. I thank the Senator from New Mexico for yielding the time but also for his farsightedness. He recognizes, as the American people recognize, that the key to our future is investing in education. His amendment would precisely do that. It would sustain our education investment at least at the rate of inflation.  We are here debating what to do with a surplus. This debate is a direct result of some very difficult choices we made starting in 1993 and continuing for the last several years. We now have before us a supposed $3 trillion surplus. But we all recognize and agree that $2 trillion of that is the Social Security account. We are in various ways recognizing that we don't want to disturb those accounts. So we are really talking about roughly $1 trillion, or $965 billion.  As the Senator from Massachusetts so eloquently pointed out and so accurately pointed out, within that surplus we have already made significant commitments.  One of the problems with the proposals that have been made by the Republicans--the almost $800 billion tax cut, or the $500 billion tax cut--is that the assumptions they are using have to be seriously questioned. They are theoretical assumptions, first, that we will enjoy the same kind of economic growth over the next 10 years that we have enjoyed recently.  As Chairman Greenspan pointed out in his appearance both before the Senate Banking Committee and the comparable committee in the other body, the business cycle has not been repealed. We will run into, particularly over a 10-year time span, situations in which projections do not provide the resources that we think of today.  But the second assumption and the one that is of critical importance to Senator Bingaman's amendment is the unrealistic assumption that we will continue these caps on discretionary spending as we have proposed in the 1997 balanced budget amendment.  These discretionary caps are already constraining what we do. In fact, we have already violated these caps. As the Senator from Massachusetts suggested, we will probably in October somehow formally or informally avoid these caps.  But the premise of this supposed trillion-dollar surplus is that we will live within these caps. You can see from Senator Bingaman's presentation that if we do not do our investment, education will collapse. We will find ourselves underinvesting in education as we have in so many other programs.  The reality is, as was suggested before, that if we, in fact, simply fund the President's proposal by the year 2009, we will be spending 38 percent in domestic discretionary spending. There is no way that we can do that. Frankly, the political reality is that there is no way we will do that.  We have to recognize that we will be investing in these programs. We have to recognize, as Senator Bingaman has said, that one of our first priorities is to continue to invest in education.  Looking at these Republican proposals, I am reminded of what happened in the early 1980s. George Bush, when he was campaigning against President Reagan, described his economics as ``voodoo economics.'' It turned out to be that way. The supply side theories of cutting taxes will stimulate the economy, pay for themselves, and lead to surpluses proved dangerously in error during the 1980s.  Perhaps what we are talking about today when we look at these Republican proposals is ``de ja voodoo economics.'' The theory is that we will return to the same kind of deficits, the same kind of economic instability that plagued us through the late 1980s and into the early 1990s until we did take some difficult votes in 1993.  What Senator Bingaman is saying is let's recognize the reality. Let's recognize that we have to fund educational programs at least at the level of inflation. If we do that, we will have to invest at least about $132 billion.  That is what we should be doing. If we don't do that, we are going to lose out tremendously in the title I programs--a Federal program that provides assistance and support for low-income students. Frankly, we understand the crisis in urban and rural education that this money is so effective in dealing with. Without it, urban systems and rural systems would be situated even worse. Without it, we would be fostering and contributing to two separate and terribly unequal societies. We have to keep our commitment to these young people.  We would also lose opportunities to reform education, for professional development programs, for opportunities to have smaller class sizes, for opportunities to go ahead and fix crumbling school buildings throughout the country. We would do something that all Members say we would never want to do, and that is renege once again on our commitment to special education.  I don't know how many times I have been on the floor listening particularly to my colleagues on the other side who have been talking about how we have to put more money into IDEA, the Individuals with Disability Education Act, how we have imposed programs on localities promising robust spending, and we have never delivered. If we have not delivered on IDEA yet, if these tax proposals pass, we will never have a chance to deliver on our contribution to local school systems.  When we move to the area of higher education and Pell grants, work-study programs, the new LEAP program, which is an outgrowth of the State Student Center Grant Program, all of these provide opportunities for Americans to educate themselves beyond high school. We all recognize that might be the most critical issue we face as a nation--educating our citizens to enable them to assume challenging roles in the next century.  Yet we dramatically cut these programs, denying opportunities to thousands and thousands of Americans. We say to them again: This is not the land of opportunity; this is the land of advantage and affluence. Anyone lucky enough to pay for college with their own resources can go but don't look to the Government to provide the kind of help provided in the last several years.  All of these cuts lead Members to ask a very simple question for the working families of Rhode Island, for the working families of New Mexico, for the working families across this country, when they lose the Pell grants or see the urban school systems getting less and less support and local property taxes going up: are they better off with whatever tax cut they receive than these proposed programs? I think not.  One other aspect of the Republican proposal is a terribly distorted benefit that goes to the very wealthy at the expense of middle- and low-income America. Our constituents know education is the most important aspect facing our society. They want Congress to continue to support families. They want precisely what the Bingaman education amendment does. I believe if we listen to those people who sent us here, they will say vote for this amendment. They will say reject this deja voodoo economics that is underlying the proposals by the majority party. In fact, I hope we respond to that clarion call from our constituents.  I commend and thank the Senator from New Mexico for his efforts and for his time.  I yield the floor.  