President, I rise in support of the Conference Report on the Education Flexibility Partnership Act.  I am particularly pleased that the Conference Report contains my amendment to ensure that parents have a strong voice in the Ed-Flex waiver process. My amendment requires states and school districts to provide public notice and comment opportunities to parents and other interested members of the community before requesting waiver authority or waivers.  As an added accountability measure to ensure that parents and communities across the nation have confidence in the waiver process, my amendment also requires states and school districts to submit these comments along with their application to the Secretary or the state as appropriate.  Such requirements provide parents an opportunity to play an active role in the waiver process, and, by doing so, empower them to help their children succeed in school.  I believe that it is extremely important for parents to be involved in their child's education. As the Center for Law and Education has noted, ``when parents are involved at school, their children not only go further, the schools become better for all children.''  Moreover, the implications of waiver requests are broad. Input and participation by parents and other interested members of our communities can only lead to more effective use of any waivers. Indeed, parents are more likely to be receptive to the waivers and work to see that the goals intended by the waivers are achieved if they actually know about the waivers; are involved in shaping the waivers; and have a real stake in the waiver process.  With Ed-Flex, we have an opportunity to provide more flexibility toenhance state and local education reform efforts. I am pleased that the Conference Report recognizes the need to balance that flexibility with accountability by containing provisions that I worked on closely with Senators Kennedy and Dodd to ensure that the increased flexibility provided to states and school districts is tied to strong accountability.  When we send scarce federal dollars to states and school districts, we need to hold them accountable for results. Indeed, too many of our children do not get the education they deserve. Without accountability, we will never reverse this situation.  Mr. President, I am also pleased that the bipartisan commitment we made last year to fund the class size reduction initiative is maintained in the Conference Report. Indeed, the Republican attempt to pit the needs of children with disabilities against the general student population is both counterproductive and destructive.  Lastly, I want to note that Ed-Flex alone is not going to turn around the education of our children. Ed-Flex is one of the easier and less complex education issues we may consider this year. Now it is time to begin the hard work of truly improving teacher quality, strengthening parental involvement, equipping our school libraries with up-to-date books, repairing and modernizing our schools, and reducing class size. These initiatives are the hallmarks of real education reform--not slogans about block grants and vouchers.  Mr. President, the issue of education is one of the greatest challenges facing our nation. There are no quick fixes. It is only through hard work and sensible reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act that we can begin to truly improve education.  