 I believe Texas is a great example of what we can do if we give flexibility and demand accountability. As the Senator from Massachusetts emphasized, this accountability is with respect to their own standards, but it is measurable, it is objective, and it has resulted in great success in the State of Texas. In fact, I suggest most of the proponents of this legislation point to Texas as the example of what Ed-Flex can be and should be. As the Senator from Massachusetts pointed out, part and parcel of that is not just the flexibility, it is rigorous accountability. I hope we can incorporate that notion in this legislation.  I think it is also important to recognize, too, that as we debate this Ed-Flex bill, we have yet to have the definitive results from many of the demonstration States confirming that what they have done with Ed-Flex has led to improvement in student performance or just overall improvement in the educational process. The GAO has looked at this issue. Their report certainly raises as many questions as it answers with respect to this issue as to whether Ed-Flex is working in those 12 States that already have the flexibility to do what we are proposing to do legislatively here.  The other thing I suggest, too, is it is a concern--and it is a concern that was expressed by my colleague from Oregon--about whether this may endanger funding for the neediest students. I don't think there is anyone in this body, again, who would encourage such a development. We recognize, particularly through title I, that these scarce Federal dollars are going into communities that need them desperately and, in many cases over the decades of this program, have provided a significant makeup for local funds that are not adequate to the purpose.  But what we are concerned about--and it is a concern that, again, I hope is worked out through the process of this debate and amendments--is that unwittingly we might undo some of that emphasis and effort. Again, I would not argue it is the purpose of anyone who has proposed this legislation, but we must be careful because, again, we are looking at the most vulnerable population in this country in terms of education. We are looking at a population that desperately needs the support and assistance of every level of government.  There is another aspect I would like to conclude with, and that is the participation of parents in this process. I mentioned initially, I believe one of the great challenges we have this year in our reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act is finding ways to encourage more substantive, meaningful parental involvement. In the context of this legislation, along with my colleagues, I will propose an amendment that would allow for greater parental involvement, allow for parental input that would be available for public review and would be included in state or local waiver applications.  We are not trying to hamstring local authorities. Last year I had an amendment similar to this that had a 30-day public notice and comment requirement. That is not in this amendment. We are just suggesting, though, if we mean that we want to have parents involved, this is not only a symbolic but a very real and meaningful way to get that involvement--to encourage them to submit comments, to have those comments publicly available, and then have those comments submitted with the application.  Again, I am extremely encouraged that we are talking about educational reform. We are working together to come up with innovative ways to do what we all want to do, which is to give every child in this country access to an excellent education. Indeed, we hope to guarantee every child in this country access to an excellent education.  With that, I yield the floor.  