President, I rise to join Senators Roth, Collins, Lincoln, Chafee, Moynihan, and others in support of the Foster Care Independence Act.  The Foster Care Independence Act, a top priority of the late Senator John Chafee, addresses the needs of children aging out of the foster care system who are facing the loss of critical support and benefits at a point when they most need them.  Nationally, an estimated 20,000 foster care children ``age out'' of the system each year. In my home state of Rhode Island, approximately 30 percent of all children currently in foster care are older and will soon be leaving the system.  When these young people leave the foster care system, they often find themselves on their own with few financial resources; limited education, training and employment options; no place to live; and little or no support from their community.  The vulnerability of this population cannot be overstated. Studies show that those leaving foster care experience higher rates of unemployment and illegitimate pregnancies and are more likely to fall victim to crime. Indeed, twenty-five to forty percent of these young adults transitioning from foster care experience homelessness; only about half have completed high school; and less than half find jobs.  Without the emotional, social, and financial support families provide, many of these young adults are not adequately prepared for life. If we do not arm them with the resources and skills they need as they transition out of foster care, we are sentencing these kids to failure and chronic dependency. We may see them again and again--on our welfare rolls, in our prisons, living on our streets. We do not want that legacy for any of our children, particularly when we know how to prevent such tragedies from happening in the first place.  I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the Senate's Foster Care Independence Act, which will help these young adults make a strong and sustainable transition to independent adulthood by expanding resources available through the Independent Living Program; allowing states to use Independent Living funds for basic living needs, including room and board; and allowing states to provide health care, including coverage of mental health needs, through Medicaid.  It is fitting that this legislation also renames the Independent Living Program after Senator John Chafee who worked so long on this issue and so hard on this legislation.  I am confident, however, that Senator Chafee would have said that we need to do more for these young people. He advocated strongly for requiring states to provide health care to those aging out of the foster care system that need it. This requirement is not included in the bill we are passing today, but I encourage my own Governor and others to use the flexibility in this bill to provide health care to all those aging out of foster care. While I remain committed to continuing my work on this issue, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. It is an important step in helping young people leaving foster care to live up to their fullest potential.  Mr. L. CHAFEE. Mr. President, although I have only recently joined the Senate and did not have the privilege of working on this bill, I am honored to rise as a cosponsor of the John H. Chafee Foster Care Independence Act of 1999. I cannot think of a more fitting tribute to the memory of my late father than approving this legislation renamed in his honor.  I thank the leadership for bringing this bill to the floor so soon after my father's passing. And I would also like to acknowledge the hard work of the others who led the effort: Senators Rockefeller, Collins, Snowe, Jeffords, Moynihan, Bond, and others. Along with my father, your efforts will provide assistance to one of our nation's most vulnerable groups: older children in the foster care program.  Currently, Independent Living Programs for older foster children end at their 18th birthday, abandoning these teens in the middle of a critical transition period from adolescence to adulthood. Sadly, these young people are left to negotiate the rough waters of adulthood without vital health and mental health resources and critical life-skills.  However, this legislation will cushion a usually abrupt transition by funding Independent Living Programs for foster children through their 21st birthday. It also provides states the option to extend health and mental health care benefits to these youngsters until age 21 under the Medicaid Program and specifies a minimum grant of $500,000 for smaller states like Rhode Island to provide such benefits.  Before he died, my father learned first-hand of the need for this legislation when several older foster care children who had ``aged-out'' of the system testified before his Finance Subcommittee. These youngsters told moving stories; sleeping outdoors, eating out of dumpsters, and accepting the charity of their teachers to pay for medical bills became their harsh reality because they were too old to remain in an Independent Living Program or a foster family. As a result, many of his Senate colleagues and First Lady Hillary Clinton cheered him on in his efforts to enact this legislation.  Indeed, ensuring that the most vulnerable members of our society retained basic human dignity guided my father's actions during his years of public service. Bipartisanship was also a watchword he live by. This bill encompasses both of these noble qualities and I know he would be honored by the passage of this legislation today. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important measure.  