President, I rise today to address an issue of critical importance to nearly 6,000 federal workers in the state of Rhode Island and to the agencies that employ them.  The absence of federal locality pay for workers in Rhode Island has created serious recruitment and retention problems for federal offices due to the substantial federal pay differential between Rhode Island and the neighboring states of Massachusetts and Connecticut.  Let me briefly give the background on this complex issue. Nine years ago, Congress enacted the Federal Employees Pay Comparability Act of 1990 to correct disparities between Federal and private salaries. The Act authorized the President to grant interim geographic pay adjustments of up to 8% in certain areas with significant pay disparities during 1991-1993. Beginning in 1994, the Act provided for a nationwide system of locality pay intended to close the gap between Federal and private salaries over a nine-year period.  Unfortunately, implementation of the Act has created significant pay disparities among Federal employees in southern New England, in particular between Federal employees in Rhode Island and those in Massachusetts and Connecticut.  Rhode Island is literally surrounded by locality pay areas. On its western border, Rhode Island is adjacent to the Hartford locality pay area, which includes all of New London County, Connecticut. Rhode Island's entire northern border is adjacent to the Boston-Worcester-Lawrence locality pay area, which includes the towns of Douglas, Uxbridge, Millville, and Blackstone in Worcester County, Massachusetts; and all of Norfolk County, Massachusetts. The Boston pay locality even reaches around the state of Rhode Island to encompass the adjacent town of Thompson, Connecticut, which lies directly west of Woonsocket, Rhode Island, on the opposite side of our state from Boston. Finally, Rhode Island's eastern border is separated from the Boston locality pay area by as little as four miles.  One facility within a few miles of the Boston locality pay area, the Naval Undersea Warfare Center in Newport--a premier Navy R laboratory with world class facilities and progressive employee benefits--has seen its starting salaries continue to fall below the industry average. As a result, the Center's acceptance rate has dropped to approximately 40% and the average GPA of new employees is down.  The Federal Salary Council's eligibility criteria have created what I frequently refer to as a ``donut hole'' in locality pay in our region that leaves thousands of federal employees in Rhode Island with a minus 3.45% pay differential in 1999 when compared to federal employees just a few miles to the north, east, and west.  