President, I rise in strong support of the legislation introduced by my colleague, Senator Feingold of Wisconsin. I do so because of the gravity of the situation and also because of the fact that just 2 weeks ago I had the opportunity to travel, along with Senator Harkin of Iowa and Congressman McGovern of Massachusetts, to East Timor.  We visited the town of Dili, the capital. Then we went into the countryside. We saw the bravery and courage of people who are willing, quite literally, to risk their lives to vote to determine their own future. We went to a town called Suai, which was a small village in the western part of East Timor. There we found 2,000 displaced persons huddled in the shadow of a half built Catholic church being protected from roving bands of militia, basically armed thugs, supported, encouraged, and, at times, directed by the Indonesian military authority. They were there not only for protection but also because they wanted to vote. They knew if they went back into the countryside, they might lose their chance to physically be present to vote.  As I stood before those thousands of poor people who have been denied water and food by the authorities, who literally were being starved away from their right to vote, I told them that the vote is more powerful than the army. They believed that. A few days later, with great courage, they went to the polls, and, in overwhelming numbers, they voted overwhelmingly for independence.  That vote now is being undermined systematically and deliberately by the military authority within Indonesia. Regretfully, we have just learned that the priest, Father Hilario, who was providing sanctuary in Swai, has been reported to have been killed by those violent militia bands.  This is an issue that should trouble every person of conscience throughout the world. It should particularly trouble the United States, because for many years we have maintained a relationship with the Government of Indonesia in an attempt to provide the kind of support that would allow them to evolve into a democratic country that would fulfill its promises.  The Government of Indonesia has pretensions of being a great power, but a great power keeps its word. The Government of Indonesia has not kept its word. It promised the United Nations that it would provide security and protection for the election. It promised it would respect the results of the election. It promised it would protect the lives and the property of the people of East Timor, and it has failed utterly and miserably in doing that.  The military of Indonesia has pretensions of being a professional military force, but a professional military force always follows legitimate orders of its civilian and military commanders. This army is failing miserably in doing that.  There is only one choice. They must either restore order, stability, and safety in East Timor, allow people to live freely and safely, respect the results of the election, or cooperate with the introduction of international peacekeepers.  At the heart of the bill Senator Feingold, myself, and Senator Leahy are introducing is a very clear message to the government and the military of Indonesia: Unless you restore order immediately or allow international peacekeepers to enter East Timor, we will cut off all multilateral assistance. We will cut off all bilateral assistance. We will cut off all military cooperation. Essentially, the future relationship of Indonesia with the world community depends fundamentally on whether or not they will respect their own agreement to provide safety and security for the people of East Timor and respect the results of this election.  I hope they do. If there is cooperation, if a United Nations peacekeeping force can enter that country, it is fortunate that our allies, the Australians and other countries, are ready, willing, and able at this moment to send personnel forward in this peacekeeping force. We should be able to assist this force with some of the unique capacities and capabilities we have: intelligence capabilities, satellite observation, air lifts, sea lift. I don't think it is necessary to commit our forces on the ground, but we should be part of this effort to secure the peace and stability and reaffirm the validity of this election.  While we were in East Timor, we had occasion to visit with Bishop Belo, the Nobel prize winner. We had supper with him, very humble fare from a very humble and saintly person. His house has already been destroyed by roving mobs. East Timorese who took sanctuary there have been scattered and slaughtered. Mercifully, Bishop Belo has been able to escape to Australia.  These scenes of carnage and mayhem and madness are convulsing East Timor. It is the responsibility of the Government of Indonesia to stop the violence or to allow international forces to enter at the soonest possible time to stop this violence. As I indicated initially, this referendum was not foisted upon the Government of Indonesia. It was agreed to by the Government of Indonesia. They made solemn pledges to the United Nations to respect the results of the vote, to conduct the vote fairly without intimidation. Now they must live up to their word or allow the United Nations and the world community to see that this vote is respected.  A final image I have of our time in East Timor is going to a polling place. This was days before the election. We were talking to these very brave international volunteers from many nations who have risked their lives, literally, to be in these small towns to take the registration. There was a young man who had come to make sure his name was on the rolls so he could vote. We spoke with him. We asked him if he was afraid.  He said: Yes, very much so, but I will vote. My friends will vote. We want to determine the future of our country. We want to determine the future of our families and our communities.  They did that. We have to respect that courage and that faith in democracy and the power of the vote. We have to, internationally and individually as a nation, prove that the vote is more powerful than the army.  I am pleased and proud to join my colleagues in this resolution. I urge its speedy consideration and passage.  I yield the floor.  