President.  I would briefly like to comment on Senator Harkin's amendment and then make more generalized comments on the bill overall. But first let me speak to Senator Harkin's amendment.  I commend him for his initiative. He is responding to the needs of the youngest, most junior members of our military forces who need this type of support not only to provide for themselves and their families but to have the mental attitude and the freedom of mind, if you will, to commit themselves to a military career, and to do so from the very beginning of their careers so they start off on the right foot and they develop successfully as professional soldiers, sailors, airmen. All of this is very important. I commend the Senator for his initiative and I hope we can work out the budgetary aspects of this legislation and adopt this amendment.  Now let me turn to the bill in general.  First, let me commend the chairman and all of my colleagues on the committee for recognizing the seriousness of this problem of retention and recruitment. Indeed, it is a very serious problem. And this is a very serious solution, because it not only provides for resources for recruitment and retention, it does raise very legitimate and very significant budgetary issues which I will address as I discuss the issues overall.  Let there be no mistake, there is a retention and recruitment problem within the military services today. Each year, the Department of Defense is responsible for recruiting 200,000 men and women to fill the active ranks of the military forces in the United States.  In fiscal year 1998, the services were only able to recruit 180,000 new soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines. While the Air Force and Marines were able to achieve their recruiting goals in 1998, the Army fell short by 776 personnel, and the Navy was short by a significant number, 6,892. This is a problem and it is a problem that is getting worse.  In the first 4 months of fiscal year 1999, the Marines again made their recruiting goal, and so did the Navy, but the Army fell short, reaching only 87 percent of its required strength level, and the Air Force only 94 percent of their required strength level.  There is a problem with recruitment. And we know if you do not get good personnel to enter the military forces you cannot keep the strength levels up. There is also the associated problem of retaining these good individuals as they go through their military careers. Every service--and many of my colleagues have pointed this out--is struggling to keep pilots. These are highly skilled positions. These positions are not easily replaced. It takes years not only of training but of experience to develop the kind of combat skills necessary for an effective pilot.  In the Air Force, for example, for every two pilots who enter the service, they are finding that three are leaving. That ratio is going to cause profound problems going forward. As my colleague from Arkansas pointed out, General Ryan in the Air Force estimated by fiscal year 2002 the Air Force would be 2,000 pilots short. That is a serious erosion of our national security posture.  The Navy is experiencing the problems of recruiting and retaining surface warfare officers. This causes them to extend sea duty by months and months and months, putting additionalpressure on military personnel. And it is this vicious circle, of fewer people to do the job, causing those who are on active duty to do more and more and more, that is adding additional pressure to the retention problem.  This legislation addresses this problem very directly and with great gusto. There is a 4.8-percent pay increase. And that will not only make the daily lives of military personnel easier--not only give them the resources to provide for their families--it will also be a strong symbolic gesture that will show that this Congress understands the value of our men and women in the military forces. That symbolic, as well as very practical, response is very, very important.  Also, this legislation will reform the pay table so that we can begin to reward more effectively and efficiently those midlevel noncommissioned officers and officers. These are the key people who make our military services the best in the world. They are the squad leaders; they are the platoon sergeants; they are the young officers who are at the front doing the job out on patrol in Bosnia and other places. It is individuals who are so important to our military services. With the new pay tables, we will be able to provide better incentives and we hope provide better retention incentives for these individuals.  There is another measure in this bill which is also very important, and that is extending the Montgomery GI bill benefits not only to individual military personnel but also to their families. I must commend Senator Cleland, my colleague, whose idea it was. He was the source of this language. It is very powerful language, because when you look at the retention problem, you find you are talking generally about men and women who are in their late twenties, early thirties. They have 12 years of active duty or so. They are also looking at their families and seeing children, 10, 11, 12 years old and beginning to understand really--not just theoretically--but really that they have to do something to put these children through college. And this provision will help them do that by allowing their benefits to be used for their children.  This bill has many commendable components. Again, it stretches the budget dramatically. And that is an issue we have to deal with. But the principles included in this bill are very worthy of support.  Let me suggest also, though, that this issue is not just about pay and compensation. Recruitment and retention are not just about pay and compensation. It is an important part, it might be the most salient issue, the one that we should deal with immediately and directly, but it is not the only issue, because there are many other factors that influence whether an individual will enter the military and, in many, many cases, whether that individual will stay on active duty.  For example, there is the issue of operational tempo. We are stretching our military forces very, very thin. They are deployed in countries around the globe. They are deployed constantly. When they finish one deployment, they come home, they retrain, and suddenly, before expected in many cases, they are out once again in another deployment. This puts tremendous pressure on family life, puts tremendous pressure on the individual service members and their families. That is an issue we have to deal with. And we are not dealing with it simply by raising pay and allowances.  Then there is the issue of readiness. The degree that we take money and put it into the personnel pay side is less money that we will have available for other issues of readiness--frankly, other issues with regard to the equipment that they have and that they believe they must have to do their jobs. That is another issue.  Finally, there is the issue which I alluded to about family concerns. The military is changing. This is not the same military we had 20 years ago or 30 years ago. This military is more a family organization in which it is quite likely that younger military personnel will have family and will have dependents. It is also a situation now where the spouses of military personnel have to work. They have to work because, like so many families in America, they need two paychecks even if we increase the pay.  But in many cases you have spouses who feel that their own professional and personal development require them to work. And it is very difficult, particularly when you reach that 30-year-old mark with someone who is a spouse who has a job, for them to pick up and suddenly move from one post to another. It might be a good change of assignment for the military member, but it could mean the death knell of the career for the spouse. That is another factor.  There are limited opportunities for advancement. The military has gotten smaller. There is also, in this economy, the law of private incentive. We will never be able to pay as much money to a pilot as American Airlines or Delta. So increasing pay is important, but we also have to recognize that there are many, many other forces at work. When you consider these additional factors, you also have to recognize that it is, I think, probably more prudent to try to do this legislation in the context of the overall authorization bill and not separately. And it is also prudent to wait for some information and some analysis that will shortly be forthcoming.  The Department of Defense, CBO, and GAO are studying these problems as we speak. We would be very prudent, I think, to wait for their information.  For example, the GAO report will indicate, we believe, that the biggest complaint among military personnel--this is from a Defense Week article of February 22--is not pay and allowances; it is heavy workloads, job dissatisfaction, and poor health care. So, again, we are moving promptly to address this issue, but a little bit more circumspection might reward us with a better ultimate product.  We are considering this bill today. We should consider this bill today.  We also should be very conscious of the cost factors involved.  We understand that this bill will likely be about $12 billion more than the President's proposal. That proposal has been fully paid for within the budget. We have to ask ourselves sincerely and reasonably, will this additional increment of billions of dollars make a difference in recruitment and retention? Second, where will we get these funds? These are legitimate questions that we have to consider.  Secretary Cohen is acutely sensitive of these issues. In a February 19 letter to Senator Levin, he said:       I am concerned that until there is a budget resolution that      sets the defense budget level, this bill constitutes an      unfunded requirement on the Department. Absent an increase in      the topline for Defense, these items will only displace other      key elements of our program. It would be counterproductive      and completely contrary to our mutual desire not to undercut      our modernization effort and other readiness priorities.  Therefore, as enthusiastic as we are to see that military men and women are rewarded in pay and benefits for their great services to the country, we have to be very, very careful when it comes to this increase in the amount of spending because it could result in cuts in other programs, in modernization programs, in other types of family-like programs which might be equally important to ensure retention of military personnel.  I understand and I support what we are trying to do in concept. I believe that this legislation must be changed, though, ultimately to recognize the severe budgetary constraints before we can accept it as law. I hope that when this bill comes back from conference it will not only have these very, very worthy elements, but it will be within a budget cap that we all agree is appropriate for not only the Department of Defense, but for our overall efforts.  We have a responsibility to our soldiers, our sailors, our airmen, our marines, a responsibility to our taxpayers. We have to discharge both. I hope we pass this legislation, that we bring it back from conference in a much more constrained budgetary form. If we don't do that, I very well may be compelled to oppose it at that point. Today, I support it. I support it because the principles it includes are important. They address the fundamental problem in the military. It will represent, I hope, progress towards a final, more balanced solution.  I yield the floor.  