President, I would like to offer a few comments about H.R. 1693, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (FLSA) and clarify the overtime exemption for employees engaged in fire protection activities.  This bipartisan bill was passed on the House Suspension Calendar without objection on November 4, 1999, and just passed the Senate under a unanimous consent agreement.  Generally, under the Fair Labor Standards Act, workers are entitled to overtime compensation for hours worked in excess of 40 in a given week. The FLSA contains an exemption for overtime, under Section 7(k), for employees of public agencies who are engaged in fire protection activities. This exemption allows employees engaged in fire protection activities some flexibility in scheduling their work hours. It also recognizes the extended periods of time that firefighters are often on duty by allowing firefighters to work up to 212 hours within a period of 28 consecutive days before triggering the overtime pay requirement.  H.R. 1693 clarifies this firefighter exemption as it relates to emergency medical personnel. This bill provides that paramedics who are cross-trained/dual role firefighters, and work in a fire department and have the responsibility to perform both fire fighting and emergency medical services, be treated as firefighters for the purpose of Section 7(k) of the Fair Labor Standards Act. H.R. 1693 does not create a new exemption from the FLSA, it merely clarifies the definition of firefighter.  Supported by the International Association of Fire Fighters and the International Association of Fire Chiefs, H.R. 1693 ensures that unreasonable burdens are not placed on fire departments when accounting for hours worked. In effect, it elucidates the original intent of the Section 7(k) provision of the FLSA, the provisions that apply to firefighters who perform normal fire fighting duties, and hopefully the Senate's passage of this clarification addresses the concerns of the interested parties.  