President, this amendment I am offering, on behalf of myself and Senator Chafee, deals with a problem that is particular to Rhode Island. The problem involves what is known as locality pay. That is the differential pay that Federal employees are given because of higher costs in the area in which they live and work. Essentially it is a comparison between the labor cost in the private sector and the Federal sector. If there are higher private labor costs, there is a differential added to the paycheck of the Federal employee in the particular area.  The problem with Rhode Island is, because of the complicated rules of allocation, my entire State is excluded from locality pay. So Federal workers who work in Rhode Island do not receive locality pay, even though their fellow workers, in some cases just a few miles away, in Massachusetts or Connecticut, receive this differential locality pay.  Now, the reason the rules disadvantage Rhode Island is, essentially, to qualify for locality pay, you have to have at least 2,000 workers in a county and that county has to be contiguous to another locality area. This is a map of New England and parts of New York. Because of the high cost of labor in Boston and in these major areas, such as New York City and Hartford, CT, because of the concentration of workers, these areas in blue represent locality pay areas. However, Rhode Island has been, in a sense, discriminated against because, for one thing, the managers of this program have stopped the locality line about 4\1/2\ miles from the border, in some cases. In a county in which we have 3,500 workers--we have enough workers in Newport County, but we are not contiguous to a locality pay area. In northern Rhode Island, we don't have 2,000 people in a certain county, but we are contiguous to another area. So the combination of these rules of numbers of Federal employees and being contiguous to a high locality pay area works to the detriment of Rhode Island.  Let me suggest something else that also I think is unique in the situation of Rhode Island. We, I think unlike every other State in the U.S., do not have county governments. We don't operate anything on a county basis. Rhode Island is the smallest State in the Union, roughly 70 miles long and 35 miles wide. The concept of county is something that really is not apropos. When you look at some of the larger States in the country where counties are of sufficient size, where they easily accommodate several thousand workers, then it makes a difference but not in Rhode Island.  The proposal that Senator Chafee and I have developed is quite simple; that is, to consider the entire State of Rhode Island as a county. Frankly, in the context of the United States, it is about the size of many counties. If we had that change in the law, we would have a situation where our workers in Rhode Island--we have approximately 6,000 Federal employees --would, in fact, be in an area contiguous to locality pay zones and would qualify for the extra pay. What does this mean in the paychecks of our workers? Essentially, what they are seeing is 3.45 percent less in their 1999 paychecks than people doing the same jobs in New London, CT, and in Boston, MA. In fact, Boston is about 40 miles from Providence. So we have this awkward situation. In fact, we have people who live in Rhode Island and work in Boston for the Federal Government and get paid higher than their neighbors who live in Rhode Island and work in Providence, RI. So this situation is both unfair and, I think, unfortunate.  Our amendment would correct that situation and it would do so in a way which, I think, would not do great damage to the overall structure of locality pay throughout the United States. After all, we are talking really about a unique situation--the smallest State in the country, which has no effective counties in it as a measure ofany governmental type of activity. So I suggest very strongly that we approach this with a legislative solution.  I must thank both the subcommittee chairman, Senator Campbell of Colorado, and also the chairman of the authorizing committee, Senator Thompson. We have been talking with both individuals and they have been most helpful, as have their staffs. They have suggested that we can probably, with their assistance, make more progress by simply today discussing and describing the issue and then relying upon our mutual efforts to try to derive some type of administrative solution to this issue.  Let me say one other thing that makes this a very compelling problem to us. This is not simply going out and saying I want to have my workers treated the same way their brethren and sisters are treated just 30 miles away; there is something else here. We find it, in certain cases, difficult to recruit Federal workers to come into the Rhode Island area because if they have a choice between going to Boston or to parts of Connecticut, or parts of Long Island, NY, in the same region, they will choose these other regions because they will automatically get a 3, 4, 5 percent pay increase, simply by choosing to work in Boston rather than working in Providence.  We have, in the past, tried to recruit individuals to come into our FBI and our Secret Service office, and many, many qualified people have said: I would love to work there. The challenges are there, the career potential is there, but the problem is, how can I turn to my family and say I am going to take a 3, 4, 5 percent pay cut?  This really affects our ability to recruit those individuals that we need--as anyplace needs--to effectively run our Federal agencies. So both Senator Chafee and I are concerned about and committed to this issue. First, we recognize that this is something that, with the cooperation and the help of the Appropriations Committee and Senator Campbell, and the authorizing committee with Senator Thompson, and their ranking members, we hope we can make progress on the administrative front.  At this time, unless the Senator from Colorado has comments, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bunning). The Senator has that right.  The amendment is withdrawn.  