 Mr. President, I rise in support of this amendment that would authorize a single round of base closures during the year 2001. I commend both the Senator from Arizona and the Senator from Michigan for presenting this amendment to the Senate today.  I am well aware that we all recognize this is a very sensitive issue, because it potentially impacts the constituents of each and every one of the Members of the Senator.  My home State of Rhode Island is no exception to this. We are the proud home to a significant presence of the U.S. Navy, both at the Naval War College and the Naval Undersea Warfare Center in Newport.  We have a tradition of Naval service in Rhode Island. As in every other State, we are sensitive to the potential vulnerabilities of another round of base closures. But I, for one, recognize the imperative nature of doing this, for many of the reasons that were so well outlined by the Senator from Arizona.  We have already in the past in Rhode Island--and I suspect in other places around the country--suffered from cutbacks. In fact, before the base closing process was established back in the early 1970s, one of our major bases, Quonset Point Air Station, was closed and, indeed, we lost effectively all of the surface ships that used to regularly be stationed in Newport. The result was traumatic to my home State.  Rhode Island is the smallest State in the country. Every family in Rhode Island either had some connection to Quonset Point Air Station or knew someone who worked there. Whole families had to leave the State. Many moved down to Wilmington, NC, where there was another naval aviation center. It caused great trauma and it set our economy back tremendously. In fact, we are still trying to reestablish and regenerate that site.  But despite all of that--despite the real costs to individuals, the real costs to families--we have to do this in order to maintain a national defense that will truly be efficient and effective.  It is difficult to talk about this issue and to tell constituents that there might be another round of base closings, but it is absolutely necessary. We are maintaining a cold war military structure in terms of bases. Yet, we know we need to reform and to reorganize. We will face new threats in the century beyond with a cold war military structure.  As the Senator from Arizona said, we organized so much of our military to support a huge landforce that was designed to counterattack a threat from the former Soviet Union. That has mercifully evaporated with the demise of the Soviet Union. The new threats to our national security are different. Yet, we still have the same cold war base infrastructure which we must reform, and the only practical way to do that is to organize another round of base closings.  It is a difficult decision, but it is a decision that we must make.  The numbers speak for themselves. This is almost a mathematical equation in terms of what we must do. We are maintaining approximately 23 percent extra capacity in the Department of Defense in terms of our bases. If you look at our force structure, the troops in the field, the men and women who are actually the war-fighters who defend the Nation every day, we have reduced those numbers by 36 percent since 1989. Yet, we have only been able to reduce our infrastructure by 21 percent. There is an imbalance. We have a smaller force structure. Yet we still have much of the old real estate that we accumulated from World War II all the way through the cold war.  We already embarked on limited base reductions in previous base closing rounds. We have saved approximately$3.9 billion to date. It is estimated that the base closing process that has already taken place will yield $25 billion by the year 2003.  Those are the significant savings. Yet, we hear lots of folks disputing the savings. I think everyone in America recognizes that when you close unnecessary bases, you save money. That is what corporate America has been doing now for the last 10 years. That is, in fact, one of the reasons why American productivity and American corporate profits are soaring and Wall Street is reflecting those results. It is because American businesses have the flexibility to close unwanted facilities, many times painfully so, to small communities.  But in the military establishment, we have denied our managers--the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs and his colleagues--that same type of flexibility. We have done it in a way which has retarded our ability to save billions of dollars which we need for other priorities in the Department of Defense.  Another charge was raised in this discussion about why base closings shouldn't be pursued at this moment. It said that there is no effective audit of these savings. In many respects, what we have saved, if you will, are costs that would have been incurred. They are foregone. They won't be incurred. It is difficult to audit some things you won't spend money on, but those savings are equally real.  We have a situation where we know we have saved money in previous base closing rounds--billions of dollars. And we know through estimates that we will save in this round additional money if we authorize an additional round of base closings. This is an estimate that has been agreed to by both the Congressional Budget Office and the General Accounting Office. They estimated there is excess capacity, that we can save money by another round of base closings.  There is another argument that has been raised to try to defeat the notion of a new round of base closings: That the environmental cleanup costs associated with closing bases eats up all the savings.  The reality, legally, is that the Department of Defense is responsible for these cleanup costs regardless of whether they keep the bases open or they close them. The only difference is an accounting difference. When you close a base, there is much more of an accelerated cleanup so the property can be turned over to civilian authority. In terms of the dollar responsibility, the contingent liabilities out there for cleanup of military bases remain the same, regardless of whether we have a base closing round or we just simply let these excess bases continue to operate. That, too, is not a reason to defeat the notion of a base closing round today.  As the Senator from Arizona pointed out, this is the top priority of the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Service Secretaries, the uniformed heads of our military services. They all know that they need additional dollars for higher priority items than some of these bases.  Last September, the Service Chiefs came to the Senate Armed Services Committee and said they needed more resources to do the job. We were quite forthcoming. In fact, we authorized $8.3 billion over the President's budget request. Yet, when they say they equally need the closing of excess bases, we ignore their plea--equally fervent, equally important, equally necessary for the success of the Department of Defense, yet we ignore this plea.  Some of this has been a result of claims that the last base closing round was politicized. This proposal is that the process be conducted in the year 2001, which is beyond the term of this administration. I think the argument of politicization is false because whatever confidence or lack of confidence you have in this current administration, this proposal, this amendment, would carry it beyond this administration into the next administration.  