It was not a question where political decisions were made to close bases. I think, rather, political decisions were made to try to avoid and go around the work of the Commission. So the Commission process is, I think we would all agree, as unpolitical as you can get. The research in the bowels of the Pentagon is, I think, similarly nonpolitical. If it is not, then we have more worries than a base closing commission, if we have GS-14s doing political deeds for anyone rather than looking rationally and logically at the needs of the service and the infrastructure to support those needs.  If the administration was guilty of politicization, then shame on them. But we are running the risk of, ourselves, politicizing this process. We are running the risk of rejecting the logic.  The overwhelming conclusion I think any rational person could draw is that we have to start closing bases. The base closing mechanism is the best way to do that, and we are in a situation where, if we resist this, if we cannot find a formulation, we are going to politicize it worse than anything that is purported to have been done by the administration.  I strongly support the measure offered by the Senator from Arizona and the Senator from Michigan. We have an opportunity to align our force structure and our base structure to give resources to the Department of Defense, to support the really pressing needs of our troops, to retain them, to train them, to provide them a quality of life they deserve.  When you go out to visit troops--I know everyone here on this floor today does that frequently--what those young troops are worried about is: Do they have the best training, best equipment, and are their families well taken care of? They do not worry about whether we have a base in Oregon or a base in Texas or a base in Rhode Island. They worry about their training,their readiness for the mission, their weapons, and whether their families are taken care of. If we listen to them, we will support this amendment.  I yield the floor.  