President, I rise today also to join my colleague from Illinois and to speak about an issue which is of great concern to the American people. That is the Patients' Bill of Rights.  As is my colleague from Illinois, I am terribly frustrated. We are in the third week of June. Yet we have not been able to get this legislation to the floor for debate. Senator Dorgan today tried to do that, but he was frustrated.  As Members go around this great country--and I will speak from my experience in Rhode Island--we talk to our constituents and there is a sense we have made progress on economic issues. The economy is doing better. People feel better about their jobs and about the future.  If you speak with them for any length of time and ask them what really bothers them, they will quickly state they are afraid of getting sick. They are afraid, as a breadwinner, of becoming sick and not being able to get the care they need, even though they are in an insurance program. And they are particularly concerned about the health of their children.  They have heard the stories and read the newspaper articles, as the Senator from Illinois pointed out, about the numerous people who have been paying for insurance or have been the beneficiaries of employer-paid-for insurance. They have become ill, gone to their HMO thinking that at least they had insurance coverage, and they discovered they did not have it. They did not have it when it counted. They did not have it when they needed it, when they were ill or their children were ill.  That is why we are advocating so strenuously bringing the Patients' Bill of Rights to the floor for debate.  In March, I participated in the deliberations in the Senate Health Education Labor and Pensions Committee. We voted out a bill on partisan lines. It is not the bill I prefer. It is a bill that is deficient in many respects. However, it is the basis of debate, and it is the basis of the debate we should be having today on the floor of this Senate.  There are two versions of this legislation. There is a Republican proposal and there is a Democratic proposal which my colleague from Illinois was talking about so eloquently. There are many differences. One of the most startling differences is that the Republican proposal covers a very small fraction of Americans. Not all Americans that have private health insurance are covered by HMOs. Under the Republican bill, a lucky 48 million Americans would have some protections.  Ask yourself, if these protections are appropriate for 48 million Americans, why aren't they appropriate for every American who is part of the managed care health plan? I think the answer is quite clear: The Republican version is more sham than substance; more window dressing than a valiant, serious attempt to address the concerns of every American.  That is unfortunate. Why should there be one person who is lucky enough to fall within a narrow category that is covered by the Republican plan--that person having access to quality care, that person having certain appeal rights--yet his neighbor, who is also covered by an HMO plan but one that is funded slightly differently is without these protections? There is absolutely no logic to this. The Democratic proposal would cover all Americans who are in these private HMO plans. It would do so in a way that ensures people are getting what they paid for.  That is the other irony in this whole debate. We are not talking about a program which, through the generosity of the government or the generosity of someone else, people are getting some health care from insurance companies and they are deciding they shouldn't get X or they shouldn't get Y. These health insurance companies are being paid significant premiums by individuals and their employers for coverage. Yet the coverage is not being provided in so many cases.  I am particularly concerned that this narrow scope is extremely detrimental to the children of this country.  Only about a third of the children in these managed health care plans would be protected by the Republican program. I ask, very sincerely, why can't we at least cover every child in America? Is that too much to ask? I think not. I believe every American would recognize the need to do that.  Now, managed care has provided benefits for children in this country. Their emphasis on preventive care, their emphasis on immunizations are all very good. But, frankly, I have a distinct impression a lot of what they are calling coverage for kids amounts to taking the premiums but not providing the service.  I had the occasion to meet with a physician from California, from the University of California at Los Angeles, who has a very innovative program. In this program, he goes from school to school with a van to cover children who have asthma. It is very effective because not only does he diagnose the children and then treat them and then follow them up, which is critical, but he also looks at the statistics.  He was able to essentially categorize all his patients into three groups: Those with private HMO insurance, those with California Medicaid insurance for low-income children, and those children without any coverage at all. What was startling to me was that when he looked at these different populations, he found essentially these kids got the same coverage, regardless of their category of insurance. All they really got was an emergency room visit, and when they saw the doctor because they had a terrible asthma episode, they were given, in the emergency room, a little paper bag with an inhaler and a few bits of medicine and then they were sent home--those without insurance, those with Medicaid insurance, and those in managed care plans for which an employer was paying a great deal of money.  That just goes to show we really have to do a great deal more to ensure that children get the benefit of the health insurance plan they are supposed to be part of. Then we have to ensure that all of our citizens who participate in these plans get fair and adequate coverage. That is at the heart of the Democratic Patients' Bill of Rights, ensuring that all of our citizens who are in these managed care plans get access to quality coverage at affordable prices.  I would like, for a moment, to concentrate on children in these plans, because, as I said before, this is a special concern of mine. I think, at a minimum, we can emerge from this Congress with legislation that guarantees every child in America access to quality health care, provisions in their managed care plans that make sure children are treated and treated well.  Senator Durbin was talking about a parent whose child had a rare cancer. The HMO said: Yes, your daughter is quite ill, perhaps terminally ill. We will send her for treatments, not to a pediatric oncologist or a pediatric surgeon, someone who specializes not only in cancer but pediatric cancers, we are just going to send her to a surgeon. Those parents had to pay out of their own pocket, presumably, to get the right kind of care for their child.  In the Democratic bill, there would be a guarantee that a child would have access to a pediatric specialist and pediatric services, because children are not just small adults. They have specialized health care needs that are very different from those of adults. But too often in managed care plans throughout this country they are simply treated as small adults, if they are treated in particular at all.  There are some other things we have to have for children in these plans, particularly for children. We have to have expedited review, not only if their life is in jeopardy but also their development because this is another difference between an adult and a child. Adults are usually fully developed. Children are not. There are conditions which might not be life threatening but certainly threaten their development, both physical and intellectual. In those situations there have to be expedited appeals. Then we have to have the continuity of care for chronically ill or terminally ill children.  We also have to recognize the information parents get when they make a choice about their health care plans should include specific information about how that plan treats children. Too often such information does not exist. Too often it is all done in terms of adult outcomes, adult studies. Unless parents have this information, sometimes the only time they realize how well their child is covered is when they discover their child is not covered well at all because he or she is deathly ill and is not getting the kind of care he or she needs or deserves.  I am encouraged because Senator Bond has introduced a bill entitled ``Healthy Kids 2000,'' which includes access to pediatric specialists similar to that in my legislation. Also, Senator Chafee has introduced a managed care bill, which also talks about access to pediatric specialists. So I hope there is an emerging consensus across the aisle that we have to do more for children in managed care.  But let me say again, the Democratic bill strongly and emphatically defines the special rights of children in managed care. We have actually taken surveys and asked the American people, regarding access to care for children, what do they want; what do they demand. They want high-quality care. They want access to specialists. They want to be able to protect the development of children. They want to have expedited reviews when children's development or lives are threatened. And they are willing to pay for these provisions. What we found in too many managed care plans is that these types of protections just do not exist.  In 1992, there was a study done of pediatricians. They found there were significant barriers to pediatric referrals in the managed care system, that pediatricians in the managed care system often encounter barriers to referring their patients to pediatric specialists. Of these pediatricians who were surveyed, 35 percent believed their patient's health was compromised because of the denial of access to pediatric specialists. This is a real problem, and it is a problem the Democratic proposal resolves.  