President, I rise in support of Senator Murray's amendment to provide funding for the class size reduction initiative.  Last year, the Congress, on a bipartisan basis, made a down payment to help communities hire 100,000 teachers so they could reduce class sizes to an average of 18.  As Tennessee's efforts with class size reduction show, qualified teachers in small classes can provide students with more individualized attention, spend more time on instruction and less on other tasks, and cover more material effectively, and are better able to work with parents to further their children's education.  The class size reduction initiative is flexible, and communities are using innovative locally-designed approaches to give children the individual attention they need.  Every state is using the funds, and every state that needed a waiver to tailor the class size reduction program to its specific needs or to expand class size reduction to other grades, received one.  1.7 million children are benefitting from smaller classes this year.  29,000 teachers have been hired with FY99 Class Size Reduction funds.  1,247 (43 percent) are teaching in the first grade, reducing class sizes from 23 to 17.  6,670 (23 percent) are teaching in the second grade, reducing class size from 23 to 18.  6,960 (24 percent) are teaching in the third grade, reducing class size from 24 to 18.  2,900 (10 percent) are in kindergarten and grades 4-12.  290 special education teachers were hired.  On average, 7 percent of the funds are being used for professional development.  Mr. President, the debate is not a simple either/or proposition on class size versus teacher quality. We need to do both. That is why last year on an overwhelming bipartisan vote we passed a new teacher quality grants program as part of the Higher Education Act Amendments of 1998. Indeed, those who claim they support improvements in teacher quality have a clear chance to do so when Senator Kennedy and I offer an amendment to fully fund the teacher quality grants at $300 million.  We must continue to meet the bipartisan commitment we made on class size reduction.  I urge my colleagues to support the Murray amendment to do just that and reject the Gorton amendment which could result in children being forced to return to larger classes and the firing of 29,000 newly hired teachers.  