President, I rise in strong support of this amendment. There are many very important provisions, but I want to focus on one provision, and that is the creation at the State level of ombudsman programs or consumer assistance centers. I have been working on this provision, along with Senators Wyden and Wellstone. We introduced separate legislation, and today, as part of this amendment, we are considering this very valuable and very important opportunity to empower consumers of health care services in this country.  One of the persistent themes we have heard throughout this debate is how do we give consumers more leverage in the system against these huge HMOs, against what appears to be illogical, indifferent decisions about the health of themselves and their families.  We rejected some proposals which I believe we should have embraced. For example, we just defeated an opportunity to give people a chance, in extremist, to go to court if necessary. This is something that has been adopted in Texas and is working very well. If we cannot do any of those things, then I think we must do at least this; and that is, to give the States the incentive to develop consumer assistance centers so individual health care consumers--patients--when they have frustrating denials, have someplace to turn.  We all know, because we all listen to our constituents, that every day there are complaints about the inability to get straight answers from their HMO, of the inability to get coverage, the inability to get what you paid for. Where do they turn? Too many Americans cannot turn anywhere today. If we pass this amendment, we will give them a chance to turn to a consumer assistance center.  I will briefly outline the provisions of the legislation. We provide incentives to four States to set up consumer assistance centers. These centers will operate as a source of information. They can give direct assistance in terms of advice or assistance to someone who is in a health care plan who has a question about their coverage. They will operate a 1-800 hotline. They will be able to make referrals to appropriate public and private agencies. They will not be involved in any type of litigation. This is not an attempt to provide an opportunity to recruit litigants. This is a consumer assistance center concept. I hope also that these centers will educate consumers about their rights.  This is something that has been promoted by many different organizations. The President's health care advisory commission in 1997 pointed out this is efficiency and every State, every region should have these types of centers.  We have similar centers with respect to aging and long-term care ombudsman programs working very well. Several States--Vermont, Kentucky, Georgia, and Virginia--have adopted these programs because they want to give a voice and give some type of power to their consumers in health care. Florida and Massachusetts have programs they are trying to get up and running, and just a few weeks ago on this floor in response to profound concerns we have about the military managed care program, the TriCare program, we adopted legislation that would set in motion the creation of an ombudsman program for military personnel. It is not a controversial idea. We passed this idea with overwhelming support.  This is something we can do. This is something we should do, and, frankly, if we rejected all the remedies we are proposing to give to consumers, we have to adopt at least this one. We have to give an incentive to States for working through not-for-profit agencies to set up these consumer assistance programs. Frankly, this is something that is long overdue, noncontroversial, and it should be done.  I see the Senator from Oregon, who has been a stalwart on this issue, is standing. He might have a comment.  