President, I am pleased that Chairman Specter and Ranking Member Harkin as part of the managers amendment have included an additional $50 million for the Leveraging Educational Assistance Partnership (LEAP) program.  I had offered an amendment to provide this level of funding along with Senators Collins, Gordon Smith, Snowe, Jeffords, Kennedy, Murray, Levin, Conrad, Hutchinson, DeWine, Chafee, Bingaman, Kerry, Feingold, and Lautenberg.  Since 1972, the Federal-State partnership now embodied by LEAP, with modest federal support, has helped states leverage grant aid to needy undergraduate and graduate students.  When this program was funded at greater than $25 million, nearly 700,000 students across the nation, including almost 12,000 students from my home state of Rhode Island, benefitted from LEAP grants. At $25 million, the amount included in the Committee'soriginal bill, we estimate that many of these students lose their grants.  Without this important federal incentive, many states would not have established or maintained their need-based financial aid programs, and many students would not have attended or completed college.  Indeed, as my colleagues, students, parents, and those involved in higher education know, the purchasing power of our main need-based aid program--the Pell Grant, created by and named for my predecessor, Senator Claiborne Pell--has fallen drastically in comparison to inflation and skyrocketing education costs.  Students have searched for other sources of need-based higher education grants and have come to rely on LEAP.  Two years ago, this program was on the brink of elimination. But it was this body which recognized the importance of LEAP and overwhelmingly voted--84 to 4--for an amendment I offered with my colleague from Maine, Senator Collins, to save it from elimination.  Then, just last year, the Senate reaffirmed its support for LEAP by approving the Higher Education Act Amendments of 1998, which updated and added several key reforms to this program to leverage additional state dollars for grant aid.  Prior to the reforms, federal funding for LEAP was matched by the states only on a dollar for dollar basis. Now, every dollar appropriated over the $30 million level leverages two new state dollars.  States in turn gain new flexibility to use these funds to provide a broader array of higher education assistance to needy students, such as increasing grant amounts or carrying out community service work-study activities; early intervention, mentorship, and career education programs; secondary to postsecondary education transition programs; scholarship programs for students wishing to enter the teaching profession; and financial aid programs for students wishing to enter careers in information technology or other fields of study determined by the state to be critical to the state's workforce needs.  The $25 million included in the Committee's bill falls far short of the funding level necessary to increase student aid and trigger the reforms included in the Higher Education Act Amendments of 1998.  In fact, LEAP, if funded at $75 million, as called for in our amendment, would leverage at least $120 million in new state funding--thereby securing almost $200 million in grant aid for our nation's neediest students.  Let me emphasize, LEAP is the only federal aid program that contains this leveraging component. It is the only program for needy college students that is a state-federal partnership.  The bill does provide increased funding for many of the other student aid programs, but without providing additional funding for LEAP, the Senate will miss an opportunity to expand access to college and make higher education more affordable for some of our neediest students.  LEAP is a vital part of our student aid package, which includes Pell Grants, Work Study, and SEOG, that make it possible for deserving students to achieve their higher education goals. All of the student aid programs must be well-funded if they are truly going to help students.  Moreover, since there are no federal administrative costs connected with LEAP, all grant funds go directly to students, making it one of the most efficient federal financial aid programs.  All higher education and student groups support $75 million in funding for LEAP, including the American Council on Education (ACE), the National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities (NAICU), the National Association of State Student Grant and Aid Programs (NASSGAP), the United States Student Association (USSA), and the U.S. Public Interest Research Group (USPIRG).  By providing $75 million for LEAP, the Senate has an opportunity to help states leverage even more dollars to help students go to college. As college costs continue to grow, and as the grant-loan imbalance continues to widen--just 25 years ago, 80% of student aid came in the form of grants and 20% in the form of loans; now the opposite is true--funding for LEAP is more important than ever.  I thank Chairman Specter and ranking member Harkin for their willingness to accept this amendment. I look forward to working with them during the Conference to retain this level of funding, which is critical to providing greater access to higher education for our Nation's neediest students.  