President, we are engaged in a historic debate about the future of health care in the United States. I have tried very diligently to ensure that children are a large part of this debate.  In conjunction with those activities, yesterday I had the opportunity to visit with pediatricians and pediatricspecialists in my State of Rhode Island at Hasbro Children's Hospital, an extraordinary hospital in Rhode Island. I am very proud of it. While listening to those professionals, I got a sense of the real needs we have to address in this debate on the Patients' Bill of Rights.  First of all, there is tremendous frustration by these physicians and medical professionals about their ability to care for children, their ability to effectively provide the kind of care which parents assume they paid for when they enrolled in the HMO. They are frustrated by the mindless rules. For example, one physician related to me there is the standard practice of giving a child a complete examination at the age of 1. He had a situation where a child came in at 11 months 28 days. They performed the examination, and the insurance company refused to pay because, obviously, the child was not yet 1 year old. That is the type of incredible, mindless bureaucracy these physicians are facing every day.  I had another physician tell me--and this was startling to me--she was treating a child for botulism. She was told the company was refusing to pay after the second day. She called--again, here is a physician who is spending valuable time calling to find out why there is no reimbursement--and she was told simply by the reviewer--not a physician, the reviewer--that according to the guidelines of that HMO, no one can survive 2 days with a case of botulism; therefore, they were not paying for more than 2 days. Mercifully, the child survived, and eventually I hope they were paid for their efforts.  These are the kinds of frustrations they experience. This is throughout the entire system of health care. There are some very specific issues when it comes to children. One is the issue of developmental progress. An adult is generally fully developed in cognition, in mobility, in all the things that children are still evolving. Yet managed care plans seldom take into consideration the developmental consequences of a decision when it comes to children. Unless we require them to do that, they will continue to avoid that particular aspect. So a child can be denied services.  For example, special formulas for infants can be denied because the HMO will say: Well, it is not life-threatening; there is no serious, immediate health consequence. But the problem, of course, is, unless the child gets this special nutrient, that child is not going to develop in a healthy fashion. Five, six, seven, eight years from now, that child is going to have serious problems, but, in the view of an HMO, a dollar saved today is a dollar saved today. Oh, and by the way, that child probably will not even be in their health care system 5 years from now, the way parents and employers change coverage.  We have to focus on developmental issues. We also have to ensure children have access to pediatric specialists. There is the presumption that a rose is a rose is a rose, a cardiologist is a cardiologist is a cardiologist, when, in fact, a pediatric cardiologist is a very specific discipline requiring different insights and different skills.  We also have to recognize that many very talented pediatricians find themselves overwhelmed today with the young children they are seeing. I had one physician tell me he sees children who have problems with deficit disorders, problems with attention issues, and they have prescribed some very sophisticated pharmaceutical pills and prescriptions that he, frankly, has trouble managing because he is not a child psychiatrist. Yet they have difficulty getting access from the general practitioner to the specialist, the child psychologist to the child psychiatrist.  The other thing is, the system has been built upon adult standards. One of the great examples given to me is that there are new standards now to reimburse physicians when they are doing a physical, but they are based upon adult standards. The important things a physician has to do to evaluate a child are not even compensated because they are immaterial to an adult. Why would the company spend money paying a doctor to do that? This whole bias towards adults distorts the care for children in the United States.  The Democratic alternative which is being presented today recognizes these issues in a very pronounced and emphatic way. We do explicitly provide for access to pediatric specialists; we do specifically require, in making judgments about health care, the development of a child must be considered as part of the medical necessity test; and we also talk about developing standards, measurements, and evaluations of health care plans that are based on children and not just adults.  I urge all of my colleagues to endorse this concept. The best reason to pass this Democratic alternative is to help the children of America.  