I am a very proud cosponsor of this amendment with Senator Kennedy.  Last Congress, on an overwhelming bipartisan vote the Senate passed the Teacher Quality Enhancement Grants program as part of the Higher Education Act Amendments of 1998. This was the first time we looked seriously at reforming the way our teachers are trained by enhancing the linkage between teacher colleges and elementary and secondary schools.  What we tried to emphasize is the connection between the teacher colleges and the real-life experiences of teachers in the classroom. The best way to enhance the quality of teaching in America is at the level of the entry teacher.  This is something the Kennedy-Reed amendment will provide more resources for. What we want to do is form a strong, vibrant, and vital link between the teacher colleges and the elementary and secondary schools. We want to ensure that teachers who leave teacher colleges are not just experts in theoretical and pedagogical subjects. We want them to be, first and foremost, experts on the subject matter that they teach, be it mathematics or science or any other subject. In addition, we want to ensure that they have extensive clinical experience.  The model to follow is our medical education system. No one would dream of certifying and licensing a physician after simply going to school and hearing lectures and then maybe having 2 or 3 weeks in a hospital. It is a long-term, extensive clinical education. That model is applicable also, I believe, to education.  In fact, what we have found from our hearings is a disconnect between what teaching students are learning in college and the reality of the teaching experience in the classroom. We want to eliminate that disconnect.  The Higher Education Act Amendments of 1998 sought to do just that by authorizing partnerships between teacher colleges and elementary and secondary schools. There are examples of partnerships that already existed and inspired us; examples such as Salve Regina University in my home State of Rhode Island, which has a partnership with the Sullivan School in Newport. It is exciting and challenging, not only to the young students in that school, but also to the prospective teachers who learn a great deal. In fact, at the heart of these partnerships is the attempt not only to change the culture of elementary and secondary schools but also to change the culture of teacher colleges.  Too often the teacher college in a great university is a poor cousin without a great endowment, neglected by other parts of the university. What we want to do is get the university involved in this great effort so that professors in the math, English, and history departments are also part of this great reawakening of teacher preparation at the university level. This cultural change at the college level, together with extensive clinical involvement with local elementary and secondary schools, I believe, is a fundamental way to enhance the quality of teachers.  The Kennedy-Reed amendment will provide more resources to do this very important and critical job that lies before us. We have gone through the firstround of grants with respect to the partnership grants. The Department of Education funded $33 million in the first round to 25 institutions of higher education and their elementary and secondary school partners. This is a first and important step, but we need to do more. That is precisely what this amendment proposes to do. It will appropriate additional resources so we can broaden dramatically these partnerships, as well as increase our investment in the state and recruitment grants also included in the Teacher Quality Enhancement Grants program.  