President, today I join my colleagues as an original cosponsor of Senator Cleland's Military Recruiting and Retention Improvement Act of 1999.  I am glad we are introducing this bill today because it demonstrates our interest and support for one of the greatest needs of our fighting men and women--improved pay and benefits. As my colleagues know, this is one of the most serious issues likely to come before the Armed Services Committee this year.  Last week, I attended my first hearing as a new member of the committee. I carefully listened to the Joint Chiefs of Staff as they outlined their priorities for the fiscal year 2000 budget. Without exception, each named recruitment and retaining skilled personnel as their top priority. The Joint Chiefs asked us unequivocally to address this issue, and I believe the bill we introduce today places us on the proper path.  This bill will make a difference to men and women when they are deciding to begin or continue a military career. The 4.8 percent pay increase will make their daily lives easier and more enjoyable. Reforming the pay table to provide increases in salaries for midcareer NCOs and officers will not only reward these dedicated men and women for the years they have served our country, but provide an incentive for them to continue their valued work. Renewing the various bonuses for three more years will let our men and women in uniform know that we realize and appreciate the sacrifices they make performing dangerous missions for months at a time far from home.  Perhaps the most unique provisions of the Military Recruiting and Retention Improvement Act are the educational benefits. Military personnel would no longer have to contribute $1,200 to take advantage of the Montgomery GI bill and they would received increased monthly benefits. In addition, the Service Secretaries would be given the discretion to allow military personnel who qualify to transfer their education benefit to a spouse or child. Education is vital in today's society, yet financing needed training is an enormous burden to shoulder. I believe that many of our men and women in uniform choose to leave the service because they must find a job which will allow them to pay for their children's education. With the provisions in this bill, military personnel can continue their careers and more readily afford the cost of educating their children.  Mr. President, taking care of America's military personnel is one of the most serious responsibilities Congress has. Every day our men and women in uniform risk their lives to defend our country and the principles we champion. It is our obligation to let them know that we appreciate the sacrifices they make on our behalf. If we do not, the entire country will suffer.  Finding the best ways to improve our troop's quality of life is a difficult and complex task. The Military Recruiting and Retention Improvement Act is a sound proposal, but it is only the beginning to a comprehensive solution. We will not find a solution if Democrats and Republicans do not work together. Indeed, care of America's troops has always been an issue in which we have been united and it is my sincere hope that this tradition can continue in the 106th Congress.  