 Mr. President, I rise this evening with great regret, regret that we havenot done what we should have done to protect the children of America who are in a managed care plan. The bill before us that we will vote upon is a litany of missed opportunities and missed statements with respect to the status of children in managed care. For example, access to pediatricians. They are classified as specialists, so they cannot be automatically the primary care provider to children. Frankly, most Americans believe that is exactly who they are.  Second, there is no guaranteed access to pediatric specialists. We have language in this Republican proposal that talks about age-appropriate specialists. That is language written by HMO lawyers to ensure that they can magically transform an adult specialist, who might have seen a child at 1 year or 2 years, into an age-appropriate specialist, just as they do today.  We have a situation in which we have not provided for expedited internal and external appeals based upon developmental needs of a child. Children are different from adults. They have conditions for which an adult could wait months and months and months for adequate care, but in a child they become critical because the child's development is critical. These are shortcomings that will leave the children of America shortchanged.  We can and must do more. We could have done more, and we could have given all the individuals in managed care the right at least to go to consumer assistance centers, ombudsman programs, so they could have their questions resolved, and we pushed that aside.  Frankly, the greatest disappointment I have is that we heard a lot of discussion this evening and the last few days about the cost of this bill. We could give all these protections to children, every item in the Democratic proposal, and the cost would be negligible, because one of the good news issues is that children are generally healthy. But for those chronically ill children, it would have made all the difference in the world.  Today is not the day we are helping the children of America in managed care, but I hope we will some day, and that day will come, and it must come.  I yield the floor.  