President.  I rise in strong support of the Bingaman amendment and the Harkin amendment and all my colleagues who are supporting it.  This amendment is particularly responsive to the needs of children in the health care system. That is why it has been endorsed by the Children's Defense Fund.  We find when we look at the access to pediatric specialists that children don't have that kind of adequate access. As a result, they are the ones who will suffer the most, I believe, if we do not have strong, explicit language giving the right to access to pediatric specialists.  There was a survey done in 1992 by Pediatrics magazine. This survey indicated that of the pediatricians who were asked, 35 percent represented that they thought their patients' health outcome was severely upset by denial of access to a pediatric specialist. They found that this practice was all too common. For children, in particular with chronic illnesses, they must seek specialists. It must be clear. It must not be some type of very ambiguous language, as we find in the Republican version of the legislation.  Let me suggest another area when it comes to children where access to specialists is difficult. I have a letter from Paul L. Schnur, who is president of the American Society of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeons. He points out that approximately 7 percent of American children are born with pediatric deformities and congenital defects such as birthmarks, cleft lips, cleft palates, absent external ears, and even more profound facial deformities. Yet, even in these compelling circumstances, he reports that it is very difficult to get a referral from a managed care plan to a specialist, and it is probably even more difficult to get a referral to a pediatric specialist.  Of the surgeons who indicated they had trouble getting referrals, 74 percent had patients denied coverage for initial procedures and 53 percent had patients denied coverage for subsequent procedures.  What you see is, access to specialists is difficult for children. Access for pediatric specialists is extraordinarily difficult for children. And unless we do something about this, we are going to find the situation where children will again and again be shortchanged by the managed care system.  The Republicans have said, listen, we have some in here who say it is ``age specific.''  We have a great deal of respect and esteem for our colleague from Tennessee, who is a physician. I suspect if he were making these decisions about referrals to specialists, he would be sensitive to ``age specificity.'' But that is not who makes these referral decisions. It is attorneys, reviewers, bureaucrats, and technicians. And, frankly, when they see ``age specific,'' they are going to say: Well, you know, we don't have a pediatric specialist on our panel. But that is OK, because we can find somebody who perhaps saw a child in the last year or two, and that is ``age specific'' enough for us.  This whole approach is an invitation, once again, to the HMO to make up the rules and then make those rules work against the interests of their patients, and particularly I am concerned that they will work against the interests of children.  There has been some various research done about managed care plans throughout the country. But I received some firsthand information from a doctor in Los Angeles who is conducting a very interesting program. It is Dr. Craig Jones. He is at the UCLA Medical School. He has developed a ``Breathmobile program.'' This program goes right to the schools in Los Angeles, and they deal with the No. 1 environmental illness affecting children, and that is chronic asthma.  Dr. Jones has treated lots of children. He has had a great outcome. But they collected data. The startling thing about their data is that a child in managed care gets the same kind of treatment for severe asthma as a child without any insurance. If they look at the numbers, there is no difference, because a child in managed care doesn't get the referral to a pulmonary specialist or a respiratory specialist. They get--like every other child who shows up in the emergency room--a little bag with an inhaler, and some medicine, and are told to go home.  We can do better, and we must do better. But we will not do better until health care plans are required to make references to specialists and, in the particular case of children, pediatric specialists. I have said this over and over again, but it still remains true. There is a difference between an adult oncologist and a pediatric oncologist. I don't think anyone in this body would dispute that.  One other final point, if I may make it, is that when you go around and look at how physicians are categorized and how specialists are categorized, you are not going to find an ``age appropriate'' specialty. You are not going to find someone who says, I am qualified ``age appropriate.'' They are pediatricians, neurologists, and a whole host of people who have special qualifications. We have to work with those categories and not some vague, disingenuous category which will be severely distorted by the insurance companies.  I urge passage of the Bingaman amendment.  