President. I thank Senator Reid for yielding.  This amendment contains many elements, one of which is apparently an attempt to provide access to specialty medicine and specialists. But it is an attempt that I think falls far short of the mark.  If you look at the definition of specialty care, it means, according to the legislation, someone who has ``adequate expertise.'' I don't know of any medical professional who would define themselves as a specialist using that terminology--it seems oxymoronic--``adequate expertise.''  It also says ``age appropriate expertise.'' That is one of the crucial issues we must address. It is one of the critical differences between the Democratic proposal and the Republican amendment that is before us today, because in our proposal we specifically guarantee access to pediatric specialists. For example, these are individuals who we hope have more than ``adequate expertise.'' These are individuals who have been recognized by their colleagues as in fact highly qualified, highly specialized practitioners of medicine.  Their amendment is somewhat illusory. It talks about specialists. But then it just says to the insurance company that if you can find someone with adequate expertise, you can call him or her a specialist. And with respect to age, it doesn't have to be a pediatric specialist; it can just be someone who has, as I quote, ``age appropriate expertise.''  What does this mean? Someone who 2 years ago saw a 12-year old or a 13-year old--the individual might, in fact, be a cardiologist, or a nephrologist, but saw the child a couple of years ago--is that ``age-related expertise?"  That is not what I think we have to ensure in this legislation. We should be able to guarantee to every parent that if their child is seen by a general practitioner--a pediatrician, we hope, in the case of a child--and that child needs a consultation, or referral, to a pediatric specialist, that is what willhappen. Sadly, this legislation falls far short of that. We must do that.  I just spent several hours on Monday at the Providence, RI, General Hospital. I met with pediatricians and pediatric specialists. They all told me the same thing. They have a lot of difficulty getting referrals in managed care to pediatric specialists. They sometimes might be offered a referral to an adult specialist. But there is a difference. I think anyone with any knowledge of the medical profession--in fact, far more than I--would identify and recognize immediately that a pediatric cardiologist and a pediatric nephrologist are in a different subset of specialties from what you find at the adult level.  Our legislation guarantees this type of elasticity to the family.  The other chorus I heard from listening to these practitioners is the fact that the primary care physician in the pediatric field today are overwhelmed because they are seeing children--particularly in the context of some of these attention-deficit disorders--and they are in five or six different types of medicines that they don't see frequently or commonly in their practice. They need to get a referral to a specialist in child psychiatry, for example, or someone who has much more expertise. And, once again, without hard, iron-clad guarantees of access to pediatric specialists, this will not happen. It is not happening now.  I seriously question the effectiveness of this particular language when it comes to doing what we think can and must be done; that is, to have, particularly with some of the children--I have made this point time and time again--to have children be with pediatric specialists and not just with people with ``adequate expertise,'' not just someone who may have seen a few children a few years ago but recognized pediatric specialists.  I continue to hammer away at this issue of children because typically they are so poorly served in managed care in regard to access to specialists. For one reason, there is a very small volume of chronically ill children who need this access. As a result, managed care panels seldom will employ these pediatric specialists.  For this reason, and for the reasons from the other side, my colleagues, I think this amendment falls far short of what we need to do. I strongly urge its rejection and acceptance of the Democratic alternative.  