President, I rise in support of the Bennett-Jeffords-Reed amendment. For the past 34 years, the National Endowment for the Arts has served the public good by nurturing the expression of human creativity, supporting the cultivation of community spirit, improving our children's education, and fostering the recognition and appreciation of our nation's artistic accomplishments.  The arts and humanities have an immense positive impact on the lives of all Americans. Children and adolescents in particular benefit tremendously from artistic expression. Studies show again and again that comprehensive arts education programs in schools with at-risk student populations improve academic achievement; student self-assurance; creative and critical thinking skills; attendance; as well as student and parent attitudes about school.  And yet, we as a society have consistently underfunded arts education and community arts programs at the local, state and federal level. In recent years, Congress has exacerbated this situation by dramatically reducing funding to the National Endowment for the Arts.  The NEA has not seen a budget increase in 8 years--not since 1992, when the agency had a budget of $175.9 million. In 1996, the NEA's budget was slashed by 40% to $99 million, and it has remained near that level ever since.  This year, the President requested an increase of $52 million for the NEA, nearly all of which would have been used to pay for a major new initiative called Challenge America. A priority of Challenge America would be to get NEA funds to areas of the country that have not received sufficient funds in the past. Challenge America would focus on outreach projects for education, after-school programs using the arts, historic preservation, and upgrading the arts infrastructure in our communities. In effect, Challenge America would put the arts at the center of family and community life.  Mr. President, by reaching out to new communities and new regions of the country, the Challenge America program would directly address the concerns that members of this body have expressed with regard to the distribution of NEA funds.  Unfortunately, the Interior spending bill before us contains no funding for the Challenge America initiative. The Appropriations Committee's report indicates, however, that the lack of funds for Challenge America ``should not be interpreted as a lack of support by the Committee for the Endowment's proposal.''  The problem, of course, is the budget. The distinguished Interior Subcommittee Chairman and Ranking Member have done an outstanding job to report a bill within the tight allocations provided to them. I commend them for their effort and fully appreciate the constraints within which they operate.  However, I believe we can, and should, find the money to make the Challenge America program a reality and to allow the NEA to do what so many members of this body want it to do. At a time when we are considering an $800 billion tax cut, I think it is not unreasonable to provide a small increase to an agency that has such a meaningful impact in communities across the country. This amendment, which would provide $4 million in additional funding to the NEA in fiscal year 2000, would permit the NEA to get the Challenge America initiative off the ground. Every dime of additional money would be used for project grants--mostly the small, expedited grants that will get funding to previously underserved areas of the country.  Mr. President, the NEA is under new management. Chairman Bill Ivey has worked hard to reform the Endowment's operations and to respond to the concerns expressed by members of Congress in recent years.  It is time we gave the NEA a chance to show that it has changed. Let's give it the opportunity to do what we've asked it to do--to get more grants to new rural and urban areas, to do more in the area of arts education, and to help us rebuild our cities and make them more attractive places for people to live and work.  I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment.  