President, I take this opportunity to talk about the Patients' Bill of Rights in one particular area. That is the area of appeals, both internal appeals and external appeals.  Both versions of this legislation, both the Republican proposal and the Democratic proposal, purport to have provisions for appeals of denial of service to consumers of health care in HMOs. Looking closely at the proposals, we find that the Republican process is significantly deficient.  We will hear discussions about these various proposals, but I will highlight a couple of the areas which suggest the deficiencies that are inherent in the Republican proposal versus the Democratic proposal.  First, under the Republican plan, an internal review--one that is being conducted by the HMO itself--that reviewer is restricted from looking at all the evidence in a case.  For example, if a patient thought they were not receiving appropriate care, they might go to another physician outside of their network and ask for an opinion. That type of information cannot be used by the internal reviewer to make a judgment about the decision rendered by the HMO. This narrowly restricted access to information prejudices the review process against the patient. It also leads to something I think is evident today and would be even more pronounced in the future, a growing cynicism that the managed care companies simply want to protect the bottom line, not the health of the patient.  I strongly suggest the internal review process in the Republican legislation is deficient since it will not allow, essentially, a de novo review of the case by the reviewing authority.  The second weakness with respect to the Republican proposal is with regard to external reviews. External reviews are reviews which are conducted by an outside party. Under the Republican plan, a review could only be conducted if there is a claim that some type of medical necessity has been violated, or the proposed treatment is experimental--again, two very narrow grounds.  A patient cannot have an external review if the claim is about contractual rights. In the world of HMOs, it is so easy for the HMO to claim: This is not really an issue of medical necessity. It is not an issue even of innovative treatment. This treatment is just not covered under your plan.  These contracts are pages and pages of small print. When the average consumer or family tries to figure out what the contract says, they are no match for the reviewing authorities and spokespeople for the HMOs.  As a result, there is a very real possibility an aggrieved party will never get an external review. They will be buried in a barrage of verbiage indicating ``it is not covered in the contract'' or it ``doesn't meet our definition of medical necessity.'' I refer to the text provided by my colleague from California where part of the definition of ``medical necessity'' included the low-cost alternative in the provision of services.  All of this, in my view, is an invitation to endless argumentation about legalisms at a time when people need a prompt response to a health care crisis in their family.  There is another deficiency with respect to the external review provisions. Under the Republican proposal, the HMO actually picks the reviewing authority. Now that just does not sound fair. If it does not sound fair to us, it will certainly not sound fair to the families of America.  