President, I will speak for a few moments about a topic that has consumed many of us for many days this week and preceding weeks, and that is the Patients' Bill of Rights.  A particular concern to me has been the status of children in the various versions of the Patients' Bill of Rights. I argue very strenuously and very emphatically that the Democratic proposal recognizes the key differences between children and adults when it comes to health care, and there is a significant difference. For a few moments, I will try to sketch out some of these differences.  First of all, if one looks at the adult population in terms of types of illnesses, they are characterized as chronic diseases with relatively simple symptoms, simple manifestations with known consequences. They are quantifiable over a short period of time. Prostate cancer, breast cancer, heart attack are familiar diseases to all of us.  The other aspect of adults is that there is a large volume of adults who have these types of diseases. As a result, there is more than a sufficient supply not only of physicians but of specialists, those who are particularly skilled and particularly knowledgeable about the most efficacious treatments one can use for these types of conditions.  In contrast, children present another type of population to the health professionals. The good news is that most children are healthy. But if a child is sick, that child usually does not have one of these chronic diseases that is well-researched and well-treated and staffed by numerous specialists, but something more complicated. In fact, as the professionals say, these diseases are usually complex and with multiple co-morbidities. For the layperson, that means different problems interrelated causing a much more complicated case for the physician.  There is another aspect of this dichotomy between adult health and children's health. There are so manyhealthy children --the good news. The bad news is in terms of managing this population, there is a very small volume of very sick children. This makes it very difficult for physicians to maintain their clinical competency, particularly for general practitioners. They will see many adults who have similar symptoms and they know very well how to treat them. By contrast, they very rarely see chronically ill children, so treating them effectively becomes especially difficult for a general practitioner.  Another difficulty is the sense these general practitioners or even adult specialists can treat this population of patients. There is a further complicating factor, that is, to manage cases you need volume, you need data, you need to understand what the best treatments are, and you can only do that in a rational way by studying lots and lots of cases and, frankly, because of the nature of children's health, they do not have the same type of volume in children's diseases as they do in adult illnesses.  One other complicating factor is that many times children's true health conditions manifest themselves long after they have actually contracted the condition. It is not the short duration, it is not the heart attack that one can rush the person into the emergency room, do the surgery, apply the drugs, and get that adult on the road to recovery. It is much different when it comes to a child.  Managed care organizations and the way they deliver care can compound these inherent differences between the adult population and the children's population.  First, let me give credit where credit is due. When a managed care plan does it right, they do preventive care very well. They can anticipate, through the management of the child's case, immunizations and well-baby visits, et cetera. But there are certain inherent characteristics of the managed care system of health care delivery that makes it--appropriate for adults but less appropriate for children. That is why we have to focus a part of our efforts on making sure that children are truly recognized in the legislation we are discussing.  First of all, because there are a relatively small number of very sick children, there is not the adequate number of patients for the HMO to maintain a number of pediatric specialists in their provider network. The other fact is that HMOs tend to fragment the market. They go after parts of the market and leave other parts out, but they do not tend to accumulate large groups of children so that a pediatric specialist in a particular area can be fully employed.  Another aspect of the managed care delivery system is that they typically look for an affiliation with what they call centers of excellence, hospitals that are well-known for their practice in a certain field of medicine. In most cases, what they consider to be the center of excellence is a center that provides the best adult medicine because after all, they are marketing their products to adults, not to children. They are marketing their products to human resource managers who have to buy for a company, or they are marketing directly to people who make decisions about health care who are by definition adults. When they are out looking for centers of excellence, they are looking for those hospitals that have the best urology departments, have the best records with prostate cancer and breast cancer and heart attack. That is another built-in aspect of the HMO dilemma which complicates the care to children.  There is something else. There is an economic incentive for these HMOs to refer children to adult specialists and not to pediatric specialists. There is a great difference between a cardiologist and a pediatric cardiologist because of the differences in caring for a child versus caring for an adult. The incentives are sometimes very compelling.  For example, if you have a staff model HMO--that is where the doctor actually works for the HMO--you have a cardiologist simply because that is expected, and if you look at the numbers, you are likely to have a lot of adult cardiology patients and very few children. To add a pediatric cardiologist increases the fixed costs. Why do that when you can simply make a referral to the adult cardiologist that is already in the plan's network?  When you look at the nonstaff model, one where they will contract with individual physicians, typically what they will do is look at volume discounts. A physician will say: Sure, I will sign up for so much per visit, but you have to assure me that I will get a lot of visits. That is another incentive to drive children not to pediatric specialists but to adult specialists.  As a result, these incentives tend to diminish the quality of health care that HMOs give to children, particularly very sick children. It is not because they have some type of grudge against kids. It is simply, if you look at the market dynamics, if you look at the volume they are trying to manage, it all argues against the type of care that sick children must be assured. In other words, there is a failure in the market to recognize the needs of children.  That is why we have to step in. That is why we have to require HMOs to make sure that there is access to pediatric specialists, to make sure HMOs are tracking the health progress of children, to make sure they are measuring their outcomes in terms of children and not just adults. If we do not, the system will always be driven to the needs of the adults who managed care plans are trying to recruit as patients. Another way to say this very simply is that HMOs operate on economies of scale. That is how they make the money. And children with particularly complicated pediatric health care cases do not conform to those types of economies of scale.  I mentioned before there are other particular issues about the health status of children that make them distinct from adults, and one of them is the fact that children are still developing. They are constantly changing their functional levels --mobility, toddlers start walking, and then they start running, speech, puberty--all issues which are seldom associated with adult health.  As a result, unless you consider development as a first order of priority, you are going to overlook a lot of the emphasis that should be placed on children's health care. I suggest that most HMOs do not factor in the sensitivities to development that are so necessary.  Also, when you get into a situation like this, when the development of a child is at stake, the challenge is early intervention. It is not simply catching the disease someplace along its course and providing some type of treatment. It is early intervention.  There are numerous examples. One that I recently read about is a condition in infants called strabismus, which is muscle weakness of the eye. If it is not corrected soon after birth when the neurological connections between the eye and the cortex of the brain are being formed--again, this is not a situation that an adult would ever encounter--if you do not catch it early, you are going to have significant and irreversible loss of sight.  That is a special concern for kids, a very serious developmental concern for children diagnosed with the disease. That is why we need to make sure that development is built into HMOs consideration of the type of treatment and services they provide children. The economics of HMOs means they will not do it themselves. Therefore, we must make it our job. I think that is what is part and parcel of a good part of the Democratic initiative.  Let me suggest something else on the issue of development. My colleague from California, Senator Feinstein, and so many others, have talked about medical necessity. This whole definition of medical necessity tends really to prejudice kids from getting a fair shake in HMOs, for many reasons.  First of all, most medical necessity determinations are documented by data. How efficacious is the treatment? How often do we use it? And it goes right back to one of the inherent issues: The very lack of the volume of seriously ill children to generate the kind of data, treatments and outcomes.  There is nothing in the law that I can see today at the Federal level that even requires HMOs to start thinking about outcomes, to start thinking about effectiveness in terms of kids.  The other thing that we should be concerned about is that a lot of medical necessity is cost based--using the cheapest option. Once again, when you have a very small volume of very sickkids, the appropriate form of treatment may be extremely costly.  Another factor concerning medical necessity is that usually it is tied to the notion that a health plan will not pay for innovative treatment. It will not pay for experimental treatment.  Once again, many of the treatment modalities used for children, simply because they are not routine, can be called innovative or experimental. That is another example of how children are prejudiced by the system. It is something that we have to correct.  Finally, very seldom will you find in the definition of medical necessity this concept of developmental impacts, beyond simply returning to normal function. As a result, it is easy for HMOs to say a treatment or procedure is not medically necessary when children present themselves or their parents present them for care. It is not threatening their lives today, or even their ability to function today. However, they probably know that months from now, a year from now, 2 years from now, their development will be severely impaired. But that is not part of medical necessity. So that is another example of why we have to step up to the plate, particularly when it comes to children.  We have learned so much about the development of young children, particularly from ages 0 to 3, including the way the brain develops.  Once again, this is an issue that has very little correlation with adult experience. Children are developing.  Just a few examples.  At the Baylor College of Medicine there was a survey of abused and neglected children. They focused on 20 children who they described, in technical jargon, as living in ``globally understimulating environments.'' In other words, these children were rarely touched; they had no real opportunity to play; they had no opportunity to explore and experiment. They found that the brains of these young children were 20 to 30 percent smaller than those of children who had the opportunity to be stimulated. Indeed, literally parts of their brains had wasted away. Again, this is an issue that would never confront a practitioner looking at an adult.  Another example relating to development is in the area of childhood trauma. We have been able to show, through scientific examination, that children who have witnessed violence have physically continued to register that violence, they remain in a high-alert state, and this leads to emotional, behavioral and learning problems.  Again, these are conditions that you would never find in an adult, with some exceptions of course. But they are part and parcel of the developmental process of children. If we do not understand that, we do not recognize it. If we do not provide particular protections for children, it will not be done by the HMOs. It costs too much. They do not have the data. It is just something that they do not think about a lot.  I see my colleague from Oregon is here. Let me make one other point, if I could.  