 Madam President, I want to spend a few moments talking about aspects of the Patients' Bill of Rights, which is an amendment to the agricultural appropriations bill before us this afternoon. We are faced with a very clear choice: Are we going to finally debate and consider in some detail a Patients' Bill of Rights which will give every American a clear opportunity to have the kind of quality health care we all support and we all want them to have, or will we continue to be shut out, will we continue to avoid confronting a critical issue which, to the people of Rhode Island, is probably one of the most critical issues they face.  If one goes to the people in my State and talks to them about their concerns, particularly since there has been an economic revival, a primary concern for them is whether they will have adequate health care for their families and themselves, particularly for their children, when they need it.  One of the aspects of the Democratic bill, which I think is very salutary and commendable, is with regard to accountability. It provides not only for internal and external review, but also for patient advocacy and patient protection.  There are three procedural points that should be included in any Patients' Bill of Rights. First, there has to be clear liability directed against a health plan if they make mistakes in the care of their patients.  One of the great ironies of our system is that physicians can be sued for their malpractice, yet insurance companies are invulnerable to such suits. To put it in balance, since so many health care decisions are now being made not by physicians but by review specialists, accountants, and analysts, the insurance company itself should also be liable for its decisions.  We also have internal and external appeals processes so there is no rush to the courthouse, but an individual can get relief quickly and efficiently for a health plan decision. When people are dealing with their health insurer, all they want is the best care for themselves and their families. They want their medical problems to be resolved, they want access to the specialists they need, and they want the plan to respond to their needs. In fact, they simply want what they paid for.  There is another aspect to consider--that is to help consumers negotiate through the intricate maze of health insurance rules and regulations and to give them the leverage that will level the playing field between health care consumers and the bureaucrats who run health care plans.  Toward that end, Senator Wyden, Senator Wellstone, and I have introduced a separate legislation whichwould provide for a health care consumer assistance, or ombudsman program, in every State. It would establish a mechanism whereby States would be able to provide information and counseling services to assist health care consumers.  This provision has been incorporated in the Patients' Bill of Rights, and it is a necessary provision because people are not getting the information they need to make the health care system work effectively for them. For instance, studies show that the existing appeals process, both internal and external, are being underutilized. In fact, there is a very deep suspicion, not only in my mind but the minds of many, that health plans make it almost impossible to get adequate review.  They put up procedural hurdles. They have set up a series of barriers that leave the average consumer without any redress and, as a result, they become frustrated and give up.  Another suspicion which undermines the faith in the managed care industry is that this frustration is a deliberate, calculated attempt by companies to reduce their costs. They are hoping that the consumer, rather than pressing for their rights, will just go away, will give up, and will accept whatever the health plan offers.  I believe we can improve this system dramatically if we have consumer assistance centers in place throughout the United States. These systems will help consumers understand their rights, and will also help to understand in some cases where they do not have a legitimate grievance. One of the virtues of this approach is it will give a consumer of health care an objective place to get an answer. Today some people call the insurance company, where they get different answers and they may get suggestions of what the contract does and does not cover.  Unfortunately, it seems that they get everything except straight answers. As a result, they do not have confidence in the health care system. Consumer assistance, or ombudsman centers that are administered by States can restore a measure of confidence in the system.  Interestingly, this Senate is already familiar with the concept of a health care ombudsman, and at the time, it was supported virtually unanimously. On the Armed Services Committee, we have been studying the issues of managed care in the military, the TriCare system. Many of the complaints with the TriCare system are the same types complaints we hear about managed care in general: Quality is not good, we can't get care, we can't get answers.  As a result, we responded in the defense authorization bill this year. One of the things we did was create within the TriCare system an ombudsman program, an advocacy program, so when military men and women have questions about their families' health, they do not have to get the runaround from the local insurance company; they can go to the ombudsman who can give them help, support, and assistance to get their claim resolved or, in some cases, to explain that the insurance company is well within its rights to make the decision they made.  I find it interesting and ironic that an ombudsman provision could sweep through the defense authorization bill and be endorsed as something not only noncontroversial but terribly helpful. Yet, as we consider managed care reform, we are struggling with this issue, among many others.  My view is simple: If it makes sense for our military personnel--and we are all committed to giving them the best health care--we should have the same type of sensitivity for the broader population of our country. That is why the Reed-Wyden-Wellstone bill, which is part of the Democratic managed care initiative, is an integral part and one that should be considered, debated, and, I hope, adopted when we get--we hope--to the debate and the votes on managed care.  Our consumer assistance, or ombudsman, program would perform several functions.  First, let me point out that our proposal would establish a competitive grant program for States. It would give them the flexibility to set up a program according to their best sense of how to be of assistance and also that it be cost effective. They would, however, be required to meet certain general guidelines.  One of the functions of the ombudsman, would be to inform people about health care plan options that would be available. There are lots of examples where consumers do not find out about their health care coverage until they have a health care crisis.  I was reading the case of a mother who had a daughter who required eye therapy. The daughter was suffering from autism. One of the complications of that disease is eye problems which requires detailed exercises for the eyes. If that is not done, the child rapidly loses the ability to see, the ability to function appropriately.  She went to her health plan and said: I was told to ask you to give my daughter a referral to an eye specialist for therapy. They said: No; you can't do that, because it is not covered under your contract. She went back and read the contract--all the fine print, all the pages and pages and pages--and discovered, much to her disappointment, much to her chagrin, that indeed this was an excluded service.  The point is, if there is a place that parents or anyone can go to beforehand and say: I have a daughter who has a condition, and there are complications with her sight, and other things; what advice do you have for me about plans? what are the best plans? what knowledge do you have about the plans that are available to me? that would be an immense help to the families of America.  The other thing that would be created is a 1-800 telephone hotline to respond to consumer questions. Again, why don't we have this? Why don't we have a place where a consumer can say: I have just talked to my health care plan; they told me I can't do this?  Why can't we have at least a hotline? In effect, we have lots of little fragmented hotlines. Every one of our offices is a 1-800 hotline for people who are frustrated with their health care. We do it in an ad hoc way. We try to help our constituents. But, frankly, we could do it better and more consistently through an ombudsman program.  Also, what we want to do is help people who think they have been improperly denied care. We want to help them, and not in an adversarial way, but to provide technical advice. It could be helping them write a letter to the insurance company to make an appeal, or explaining their appeal rights to them.  As I said before, many people simply do not understand their appeal rights. It could be that insurance companies do not want them to understand their appeal rights, that they would like them to walk away frustrated, but it not costing the insurance companies any extra money. So for all these reasons, I think an ombudsman program is an absolutely critical part of any managed care reform.  One other reason why an ombudsman program is important is that it could be a way to reduce the potential for litigation. This could be a way to solve problems before they get to the point that the only alternative a consumer thinks he or she has is to get a lawyer. This could be a way to make the system work better without running the risk--and I know this risk is conjured up by the insurance companies every day--of litigation run amok across the United States. So for many reasons, I believe an ombudsman program makes so much sense.  This is not a theoretical response to hypothetical problems. Let me offer a couple of real cases which beg for the kind of consumer assistance we are suggesting in the Democratic alternative.  This is the story of Ms. Carolyn Boyer. Ms. Boyer is a 50-year-old woman who has been battling breast cancer for about 6 years. Like so many patients, she has had to wage a separate battle with her insurance company. Time and time again, her health plan has tormented her with payment followups and a host of bureaucratic hurdles that prevented her from getting timely payment for the services she needs.  This is one example. In the spring of 1996, Ms. Boyer received a bill for a bone scan from Washington Sibley Memorial Hospital. She learned that the total cost of the scan was $711.50 and that her portion of the bill, the copayment, was $142.30. She paid her portion of the bill. Thirteen months later, Ms. Boyer received a balance due notice from Sibley Hospital for $569.20, the amount the hospital had indicated wascovered by the insurer a year earlier. Then she got a bill from Sibley a few days later for the entire $711.  This was now a battle about who was at fault. Of course, the hospital said it was the insurance company; the insurance company said it was the hospital. Nevertheless, Ms. Boyer struggled through this situation. She had already paid her portion, and now she was going to have to pay more than the original cost if she responded to the last bill.  Now, 3 years later, after much travail, the insurer has paid their full original amount. In fact, they gave Ms. Boyer a refund for the $142.30 she had paid.  This is a daily occurrence. For every one of our constituents, if you ask them, either it has happened to them or it has happened to someone close to them. One of the interesting things about this is, I suspect strongly that the reason Ms. Boyer was successful in her battle with the insurance company was that at the time of her diagnosis she was a lobbyist for the Health Insurance Association of America. She knew a little bit about the way HMOs and insurance companies work. Before that, she was a lawyer for the Internal Revenue Service.  Ask yourself, what about the truck driver who is confronted with this dilemma? Ask yourself, what about the single mother with children? When they are confronted with this dilemma, where do they go? What kind of legal expertise can they call upon? The answer is, very little or none at all. As a result, they often do not get the care they need, or they pay what they should not pay, or they end up paying all they have, and many of them find themselves almost in bankruptcy, if not worse.  The protections that are built in the Democratic Patients' Bill of Rights will help these people. They will give them access to people who know how to deal with the insurance companies--not unfairly, but objectively.  Let me give you another example of how these ombudsman programs have been helpful.  The Rafferty family in Sacramento, CA, were able to get their problem resolved after they appealed to the California Health Rights Hotline. The metropolitian Sacramento area has its own hotline to address problems and questions with managed care plans.  In September 1998, Lynmarie Rafferty gave birth, by cesarean section, to premature twins, Paige and Hannah. Each only weighed 2 and a half pounds. The girls were admitted to the hospital's neonatal intensive care unit in a very medically fragile condition. The Raffertys had chosen the hospital in part because of its intensive care facilities and its location close to their home.  Two weeks later, the Raffertys received a call from their health plan's medical director. He informed them that Hannah and Paige were going to be transferred to another hospital that day--not in a few days, but that same day. He told the Raffertys that if the newborns were not transferred on that day, the plan would not pay their hospital bill. The family was devastated. They had two premature babies in fragile medical condition suddenly being ordered out of the hospital. And if they didn't leave, then the thousands and thousands of dollars in bills that the Raffertys thought were being paid by the insurance company would suddenly be their bills.  They also had another young child at home, and the proximity of the new hospital was much further away than the hospital where the twins were currently hospitalized.  Well, the Raffertys went to the plan, told them of their concerns, but to no avail. They went to the physician. Finally, they called the California health rights hotline. The hotline reviewed their plan's contract and informed the Raffertys of their rights. Then the Raffertys said to their health insurance plan: We are not going to give consent to moving our daughters.  The plan still fought them and said: These babies have to leave. Fortunately, with the help of the hotline, the Raffertys were able to draft an appeal letter outlining the reasons why transferring the newborns would violate their rights. Finally, the health plan backed down and accepted the responsibility for the care of the children, which at that point was over $80,000.  Now, can you imagine where a struggling young family, with a child at home and two newborns, were going to get $80,000, if the insurance company had prevailed, if there was no hotline, if there were no advocates?  I believe very strongly that this kind of patient protection should be an integral part of the legislation we consider for managed care reform. The Democratic alternative provides those types of protections. It provides for internal reviews and external reviews that are objective, not a situation where the insurance company has picked the individuals who reviewing their own decisions, but truly objective. It also applies the principle that if the insurance company has caused grievous harm, they, just like the doctor, should be liable before a court of law.  It also goes a step further and says: Let's see if we can prevent these troubles before they start. Let's create consumer assistance centers. Let's create an ombudsman who can work with individuals and try to resolve their claims long before they reach the stage where it is a matter of life or death or a matter of financial ruin.  I believe our greatest responsibility today is to move on to this debate in a meaningful way, to talk about the issues of health care, to debate them because there are points of difference that are principled and we should vigorously discuss and debate them. But we have to get into that debate. The health of America depends upon it.  I will mention one other area which I am particularly concerned about. I have spent some time talking about the issue of the appeals process, the procedural protections that we have to build in to any patient protection legislation that moves forward.  There is one other area of concern, among many, but one that particularly concerns me. That is that we have to have legislation that is particularly sensitive to the needs of children. The Rafferty example is a good one: Two premature babies who basically are being threatened with eviction from the hospital. We need to be dealing with the issue of children's health care in the managed care system.  We have to recognize, and too often we don't, that there is a difference between adults and kids. Kids are different. They are particularly different when it comes to health care.  Let me suggest some important differences which argue for special treatment for children within managed care reform legislation. Once again, I believe the Democratic alternative incorporates these special treatments.  First, children are developing. This is not an issue that is confronted in the context of adults who are ill. So developmental issues immediately and automatically create differences in the way children must be dealt with. Between birth and young adulthood, children change and grow. They develop intellectually. They develop physically.  These developmental issues are seldom part of the equation when it comes to making decisions about managed care because their models deal with adults. Their models deal with very specific adult diseases and adult outcomes.  For one reason, they can measure them much better. Many times families are faced with extreme difficulties in getting care from their HMO because the rules that are set for adults don't work for kids. Take, for example, the rule which is common in managed care, that you can only have two sets of crutches in the course of your contract, or year or two. That is fine if you are a fully grown person, if you are an adult. But if you are a developing child, you are going to need different types of crutches, because you are going to get bigger, we hope. The same thing is true with wheelchairs. Children with spina bifida have changes in their bodies and changing needs, much more so than adults. These rules, arbitrary as they may be for adults, are completely inappropriate for children because of this developmental issue. We have to recognize that.  The other thing we have to recognize is, symptoms in children which might be dismissed in adults as minor could be the precursors to significant problems down the road that won't develop and be truly obvious for years ahead. That is another reason why children have to have access to pediatric specialists, not general practitioners, who are used to seeing adults. And if youhave some sniffles, you don't feel right, take two aspirins and get some rest, that could mean something much more significant and much more serious in a developing child.  There is another issue, too, with respect to children that makes them quite different from the grownup population. They are dependent. One of the major measures of health care outcomes in the United States is independent functioning. Can the person function independently? Can they get up and move about? When you are talking about children, they are, by definition, dependent--dependent on adults; in many cases, they are dependent upon adults to explain their medical problems. It takes their parents or the care givers to explain to the physician what is wrong in many cases. That is a difference that seldom is appreciated in managed care plans because they don't have the kind of pediatric specialists or pediatric primary care providers that are so necessary.  The patterns of injury are different between adults and children. The good news is, the children are generally very healthy. But the bad news is, when a child has a serious disease, it is usually a combination of many different conditions, unlike serious adult diseases which are typically a single disease. Again, these complicated, interrelated conditions that threaten development argue for access to pediatric specialists early in the process. That doesn't happen. It doesn't happen enough in managed care plans.  The answer is not because managed care executives don't like kids; managed care executives have some sort of animus towards children. It happens because of dollars and cents. If you have a very small pool of sick children, why are you going to go out and make arrangements to have pediatric specialists in your care network? That is a lot of overhead for just a couple of kids.  We have a market failure. We have a situation in which the market dictates to these companies to do something which in the aggregate harms greatly the health of the American child. That is why we have to act.  Again, this is all part of the Democratic alternative. This is part of what we have to do. In addition, I would add that we need to develop quality measures that actually track children's health, in addition to adult health. We have to go beyond some of the simple things, such as immunization rates. We need to get into more complicated measures and make parents aware of these statistics so they make informed choices about their health plans. Another thing health plans need to begin doing more is looking at children in the context of some of exposures that are unhealthy, but are not directly, traditionally medical; environmental exposures like lead poisoning; community exposures like violence, and the stress and strain of living in difficult circumstances. Our HMOs have to also begin to think about how, then, they can do what we all thought they were going to do originally--emphasize preventive care, particularly with kids, coordinate not just with their own physicians and medical providers in their networks, but with the schools and community-based care centers, all of the institutions that must be allied together to help the children of America.  Once again, the legislation that we have introduced--the Democratic Patients' Bill of Rights--does this. I can't think of two more compelling reasons to move to this legislation in a meaningful way than the opportunity to give every family a true voice in their health care through the procedural reforms that we have introduced and to give every child in this country the opportunity to get the best health care they can possibly get. I think we owe it to the people who sent us here. I hope we can find a way to move beyond this deadlock and move to vigorous debate on the Patients' Bill of Rights. If we do that, then we will be serving very well the interests of the American people.  I yield the floor.  