President, I thank Senator Dodd for his kind words and his great leadership, along with Senator Sarbanes.  I rise to support the conference report on S. 900, the Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999. We are on the verge of a historic transformation of the financial services industry that will take it from the Depression-era laws of Glass-Steagall and position it to meet the challenges of the next century.  Some may argue this legislation is a ratification of what the market has already done, but it is an important ratification because it will allow our financial institutions to be more efficient and more effective. I think it will accomplish two fundamental and very important goals. First, it will provide more efficient access to financial services which will directly benefit consumers in terms of better service and lower cost. Second, it will make our financial institutions much more competitive in a world of globalized financial transactions. These two goals have been achieved in this legislation. I am proud to support the legislation.  It is also incumbent upon us to understand and underscore some of the concerns that still remain after this legislation is passed. Again, let me emphasize this legislation will increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our financial services industry and will benefit the American consumer. As we tear down the walls between banks and insurance companies and securities firms and open up many possibilities, we also open many potential pitfalls. I think we should be concerned about those, also.  As we celebrate passage today, we should also underscore and point out areas that bear close watching. Fundamental changes as we are proposing today include consequences which may have adverse effects if they are not anticipated and watched carefully. Among those is the issue of the consolidation of our financial services industry. We are witnessing the megamergers that are transforming our financial services industry from small multiple providers to large providers that are very few in number. We run the risk of the doctrine ``too big to fail;'' that the financial institutions will become so large we will have to save them even if they are unwise and foolish in their policies. We have seen this before. We have to be very careful about this.  The legislation does not require any market policing requirements with regard to this issue. It does mandate the Federal Reserve, within 18 months of passage of this bill, will review the impact of potential mergers and consolidations in the financial services industry. I think that is appropriate, and I look forward to the report of the Federal Reserve. Again, this is another issue of which we have to be terribly conscious because with this legislation we are allowing a huge concentration across different functional areas of financial activities in the United States. Again, I believe it is justified and warranted by the changing conditions of our economy, but we should be careful as we go forward.  Another issue that has been mentioned several times before is the issue of privacy. The legislation before us is taking a first step in protecting the financial information of the consumers of America, but it is just a first step. There are many more steps we must and should take. They will be demanded of us by our constituents, the consumers of financial services throughout the United States. With the growth of computer technology and the ability to store and disseminate large volumes of information instantaneously, we will continue to wrestle with these issues of privacy, not just in financial services but in every area of endeavor throughout our economy.  We took a first step. We have instructed companies, if they wish to share a customer's private information, they must give that customer the option to say no to that activity. We have also tried to curtail some of the more egregious predatory activities we have witnessed in the last few years with respect to the abuse of consumer information by financial institutions. As I said before, we are moving ahead with this first step. We must not only contemplate but also be prepared to take other steps in the future to protect the privacy of the American people. This legislation has laid a foundation, but that foundation alone will not protect the privacy of the American people.  There is another issue I would like to comment upon, which has been commented upon by my colleagues also, and that is the issue of the Community Reinvestment Act. The Community Reinvestment Act is not just a device to allocate resources in poor neighborhoods; it is a commitment by this Government, through the banking industry, to ensure that all Americans have a fair opportunity to participate in the economy and do so in a way that they can benefit themselves and their families.  Community Reinvestment has been a powerful success over the decade since its passage because it has, for the first time, given many communities which before were ignored, which before were denied access to credit and financial services, those very financial services and credit. As a result, not only did they get the money but they got something else: They got a feeling of participation and connection to this economy and to this country. That perception, that feeling, is just as important as any of the specific programs funded by CRA.  What we have done in this legislation is protect the fundamental essence of what I think CRA should be about. We have said that if any financial institution wants to partake of these new, enhanced, expanded powers, they must by law have a satisfactory CRA rating. If they do not have a satisfactory CRA rating, they will not be able to take advantage of this legislation.  I believe the dynamics of the financial industry are such that the opportunity to participate in these new powers will be a positive force, ensuring through competition in the marketplace that CRA is not neglected, that CRA is still a strong, vital part of any financial institution. If that is not the case, then we have to be prepared to act once again because we cannot abandon the Community Reinvestment Act. To do so would be to abandon scores and scores of our fellow citizens. We cannot do that. We should not do that.  This legislation with respect to CRA has been improved immensely from the Senate version. As you recall, the original provisions sent forward by Chairman Gramm had potentially severe effects on CRA. There was a total exemption of small banks from any CRA requirements. That would represent 38 percent of the banks in this country. They would be exempt totally from any recognition of CRA responsibility. That has been eliminated from this conference report.  What we have done is allowed small banks that have satisfactory or better CRA records to have a longer interval between their inspections. But we have also required and provided that the regulators at any time can conduct a CRA inspection if they have reasonable cause to believe the CRA program is not being followed by that financial institution. These are steps which have strengthened CRA, particularly in contrast to the legislation we considered on this floor several months ago.  There is another aspect I believe deserves comment, and that is the issue of functional regulation. I am very pleased that functional regulation has become the order of the day, that the Securities and Exchange Commission will look at securities activities, banking regulators look at banking activities, and the Federal Reserve will have enhanced powers to look at financial holding companies and other major financial institutions. But I believe we have to recognize we are giving these regulatory authorities new powers, some of which are somewhat novel. They have to have the capacity, both institutionally and financially, with resources, to be much more perceptive and much more thorough in their regulatory process-- again hearkening back to the point of the huge potential concentration in these financial institutions.  We also understand with respect to this legislation that, in this arena of functional regulation, there might be some potential stalemates.  Mr. President, one of the potential roadblocks or stalemates is that Stateinsurance commissioners still play an extremely important role. In some respects, unless they are fully integrated through this Federal financial regulatory structure, we might in fact have problems. That is another issue that bears close watching.  There is, I believe, something else we should comment upon, and that is the success we have had in allowing the financial services industry to choose the mode of operation which best suits their unique situation for an individual company. What I am specifically referring to is the language with respect to operating subsidiaries. I know my colleague, Senator Shelby of Alabama, has worked long and hard on this. I, too, have worked long and hard on it. We now have a situation where national banks can choose to operate a certain limited spectrum of activities in a subsidiary or in the holding company. I believe this is sensible. It also gives the Treasury Department a significant role in the regulatory process since they, too, will be able to regulate some of these new activities. That is important also.  One last point I believe bears repeating. We are entering in some respects, a brave new world. The old walls have come down. We have new opportunities; new financial vistas have to be explored. It behooves us to be very watchful, very careful, and to insist on and ensure that the regulators are careful and also that they have the resources to do this job. We will all rue the day, this day, if years from now or months from now we discover that, because of this new flexibility, there are more complicated problems facing us. I think we should go forward but go forward with the notion that we, in fact, are going to regulate well and wisely these new powers we are giving financial institutions.  Let me conclude by saying this has been the work of many hands. I thank Chairman Gramm for his persistent efforts. Our ranking member, Senator Sarbanes, has done a remarkable job leading us carefully, thoroughly, and thoughtfully. Senator Dodd has been especially important in this process, bringing us together in moments when we did not think we could come together for final resolution. Senator Schumer, my colleague from New York, was very active throughout this process; Senator Edwards, and many others--all of the conferees played critical roles. In the other body, Chairman Leach and ranking member LaFalce, Chairman Dingell and Chairman Bliley, all were very effective.  I reserve special words for two members of the administration with whom I have worked over the last several years: Bob Rubin, the former Secretary, and John Hawke, the former Comptroller of the Currency.  Finally, on my staff, I thank Jonathan Berger and Kevin Davis for their great work.  I yield the floor.  