President, I rise today in support of S. 1059, the fiscal year 2000 defense authorization bill. As a new member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I would like to thank Chairman Warner and Ranking Member Levin for their leadership on this legislation and, also, the subcommittee chairmen and ranking members who have been very helpful. The staff of the committee has also given us able support and assistance throughout this process.  This bill represents a significant increase in funding for national defense, $288.8 billion. This is an $8.3 billion increase over the request of the Administration. I must admit that although I recognize the need for increasing defense spending, this is a substantial increase that puts tremendous pressure on other priorities of the nation. Nevertheless, I think at this time in our history it is important to reinvest in our military forces to give them the support they need to do the very critical job they perform every day to defend the United States.  I am also pleased that, given this increase, the committee has very wisely allocated dollars to needs of the services that are paramount. We have been able, for example, to increase research and development by $1.5 billion. In an increasingly technological world, we have to continue to invest in research and development if our military forces are going to have the technology, equipment and the sophisticated new weapons systems that they need to be effective forces in the world.  In addition, we have added about a billion dollars to the operation and maintenance accounts. These are critical accounts because equipment needs to be maintained and our troops need to be trained. All of these operations are integral parts of an effective fighting force, and we have made that commitment.  In addition, we have tried with those extra dollars to fund, as best we can, the Service Chiefs' unfunded requirements. Those items they have identified--the Chiefs of Staff of the Army, Air Force, CNO of the Navy--are critical systems they think are vital to the performance of their service's mission.  In addition, we have also looked at and dealt with a very critical problem, and that is recruitment and retention of the military forces. We are finding ourselves each month, in many services, falling behind our goals for enrolling new enlistees to the military services and retaining the valuable members of the military services coming up for reenlistment.  This bill, which incorporates many provisions of S. 4, increases pay by 4.8 percent and significantly changes the retirement provisions that were adopted in the 1980s to more favorably represent a retirement system for our military. It also will incorporate the provisions of Senator Cleland's bill with respect to Montgomery G.I. bill benefits, making them more flexible for military personnel so they can be used for a spouse or child. This is a very important development, not only because of the substance, but also in the fact that it represents that type of innovative thinking about dealing with the problem of recruitment and retention, not simply by doing the obvious, but something that is innovative and, in the long term, helpful. I commend the Senator from Georgia for his great leadership on this issue.  What we are also recognizing here is that among the quality of life issues that affect the military is the issue of health care. I am pleased to note that we have attempted to deal with a nagging problem with the military, and that is the difficulty of obtaining assistance regarding the TriCare system--that is the HMO, if you will, that military families and personnel use. We have heard numerous complaints about TriCare. Indeed, they are many of the same complaints we hear about civilian HMOs from constituents back home.  It is interesting to note that this legislation incorporates an ombudsman program for TriCare. There will be an 800 number where a military person can call with a complaint, with a question, or with a concern, and we will have an individual at that number who will help the person negotiate and navigate through the intricate system of managed care. This is such an interesting program, and, indeed, we are working on this in the context of civilian health care. Senator Wyden and I introduced legislation to create an ombudsman program for all managed care in the United States. Our program would authorize States to set up ombudsman programs to assist our constituents in dealing with problems just as real and just as complicated as problems facing military personnel in the TriCare system.  I hope that our unanimous support of this provision today in this legislation will be a beacon of hope as we consider managed care reform on this floor in the days ahead so that we can, in fact, adopt an ombudsman provision for our civilian programs as well as our military TriCare program.  I am also pleased to note that we have actively supported the nonproliferation provisions in this legislation.  The Cooperative Threat Reduction program is absolutely essential to our national security. We authorize $475 million, an increase of $35 million.  The crucial area of concern obviously is the stockpile of nuclear weapons in the newly independent states of the former Soviet Union. We want to make sure that they safeguard that system. We want to also make sure that we can work with them to dismantle those systems which will lead both to their security and our security and the security of the world.  I am somewhat regretful, however, that the Senate chose to table Senator Kerrey's amendment which would strike the requirement that the United States maintain strategic force levels consistent with START I until START II provisions come into effect. We all agree that the United States needs to maintain a robust deterrent force, although I argue that this can be best accomplished at the START II level. Mandating that the United States maintain a START I level is another example of how we sometimes over-manage and hobble the Department of Defense. I think we can, and should have, adopted the amendment of the Senator from Nebraska, Senator Kerrey. It would have been a valuable contribution to this overall legislation.  We also are fortunate that we have in fact pushed ahead on another provision which touches on our nuclear security and a strategic posture, and that is the approval of the decision of the Department of Defense to reduce our Trident submarine force from 18 ships to 14 ships. That is a step in the right direction towards the START II level.  I am also pleased that this bill will authorize funding to begin design activity regarding the conversion of those four Trident ballistic nuclear submarines to conventional submarines which are more in line with the current situation in the world. In fact, when I have talked to commander in chiefs throughout the world, they say they are continually asked to use those submarines for conventional missions. This will give us four more very high quality platforms to use in conventional situations. I think that is an improvement, both in our strategic posture in terms of nuclear forces and also in terms of our conventional posture.  I am, however, also disappointed with respect to another issue. And that is the failure to adopt a base closing amendment as proposed by Senator McCain and Senator Levin. We are maintaining a cold war infrastructure in the post-cold-war world. We reduced our forces but we can't reduce our real estate. It is not effective.  Until we give our Secretary of Defense and our military chiefs the flexibility in the base closing process to identify and to close excess military installations, we will be spending money that we don't have. And we will be taking that money from readiness, from modernization, and from our forces in the field. They do not deserve that reduction in resources, but in fact deserve the shift of those resources from real estate that is excess to thereal needs of our fighting forces. The real needs are taking care of their families, being ready for the mission, and having equipment to do the mission. And every dollar that we continue to invest in resources and installations that we don't need is one dollar less that we don't have for the real needs of our soldiers, sailors, airmen and marines who are out in harm's way standing up and protecting this great country.  I hope we can pass a base closing amendment. I am encouraged that we have more support this year than last year. I hope that we can do so, because it is the one way we cannot only eliminate excess space but also do it in a way that is not political. I know there have been many charges on this floor about politicization. As I hear these charges and these arguments against base closings, I fear that we are the ones that are the issue, that we are the ones that are letting politics get in the way of national security policy. The longer we do that, the more detrimental will be our impact upon the true interests of the country and the needs of our military forces.  Again, let me say in conclusion that this effort, led by Senator Warner and Senator Levin, by the ranking Members, and the Chairpersons of the subcommittees and assisting agencies, results, I think, in excellent legislation. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill.  I yield the floor.  I note the absence of quorum.  