President.  I thank the Senator from North Dakota for yielding time to speak about his amendment, the essence of which is protecting both the Social Security trust fund and also the Medicare fund.  One of the deficiencies in the Republican budget before us today is a failure to seize a historic opportunity to strengthen the Medicare program in the United States. I argue it is not just an opportunity, but it is a necessity. This is the program that benefits countless Americans, it is the program that is strongly supported by all Americans and it is the program that is facing serious challenges, serious demographic challenges, serious structural challenges.  One thing we can do at this moment to ensure that we have the opportunity to effectively address the issue of Medicare is to, in fact, invest dollars into the Medicare program today. But, regretfully, the Republican budget proposal, rather than doing that, would reserve budget surpluses for tax cuts, denying us the opportunity today to strengthen the Medicare system.  We have come a long way since 1993 when we were looking each year at soaring annual deficits in the order of $300 billion or more. Today, we are facing a unified surplus. With that unified surplus, we can do many things. But I believe one of the principal things we must do is strengthen both the Social Security system and the Medicare system. Senator Conrad's amendment goes a long way toward achieving that goal.  Because of our prudent fiscal decisions over the last 6 years, we have seen a growing economy. We have seen growing prosperity. All of this is contributing to a future, we anticipate, of unified budget surpluses. Simply to step back now and say the work is done, now we can simply initiate tax cuts, misses the point. And that point is, we have to protect, we have to ensure the longevity, the stability, the predictability of the Social Security system and the Medicare system.  Now, of the two, the Medicare system faces the most immediate threat. By the year 2008, the trust funds are projected to become insolvent. This is a situation that requires immediate action. The most prudent thing to do is to reserve the resources to meet this impending situation of insolvency. There are, as I said before, millions of Americans who depend upon it, and not just those direct beneficiaries.  We have come--all of us have come--to a sense of appreciation and, in fact, consideration that if any of our relatives, our mothers, our fathers, our aunts or uncles, would be sick, they would have the Medicare system to fall back on. That allows young families the freedom to know that the health care of their parents will be protected. It gives them the freedom to concentrate on their own needs and the needs of their children. So this is not just a situation with respect to seniors; this is a situation that affects all Americans.  We tried in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 to make changes to prolong longevity of the Medicare trust fund. Today, we are beginning to realize that some of these changes have created negative consequences. In fact, we are looking to make some adjustments so that we can guarantee quality health care for all of our seniors.  We have come to know that we have to make structural changes in Medicare, but it has to be done carefully and thoughtfully. We have also come to appreciate, I hope, that we must have the resources available, because the health care needs of seniors are not going to go away. In fairness, and in keeping faith with seniors, we have to make sure those resources are available.  We will have to make hard choices about the structure of the Medicare program. But these choices will be infinitely more difficult if we take the path that is suggested by the budget resolution, that is, if we deny additional resources to the Medicare program.  I argue that in order to keep the faith of our seniors and our whole population, we have to make sure that we use the projected surplus to strengthen the Medicare system, and that the idea of using the surplus to finance tax cuts, while we face an impending crisis in Medicare, is the wrong policy. We have to, as I said before, ensure that we have the resources to confront the situation we face. And the situation we face, frankly, is one where the demands on Medicare will increase. We know that. Part of it is as a result of demographics.  Today, 39 million Americans are beneficiaries in the Medicare program. But by the year 2032, 78 million Americans will be eligible for Medicare. In terms of the sheer volume of new beneficiaries, we have to start reserving sufficient funds to meet their needs now. Not to do that, and to dissipate those funds through tax cuts, I think, might provide momentary benefits, but in the long run we will regret this.  We have to also recognize the fact that seniors will live longer, probably 6 years longer than they have in the past, so that the issues of health care for seniors will not get smaller in the future; they will become more and more important.  For all of these reasons, it is important today to recognize that we must maintain the strength and the resources for the Medicare program. That is why the amendments we are debating today, to a degree Senator Conrad's, in some respects Senator Kennedy's amendment, go to the simple truth: We have, through very difficult decisions over the last several years, reached a situation where we have a unified budget surplus. The question is whether we will take that surplus and strengthen Medicare, make it available for the next generation of Americans, and give us the opportunity to make structural changes, not out of dire necessity but because it will provide additional strength to the Medicare program. Or we will take these resources and dissipate them through tax cuts, which will not strengthen the Medicare system. In fact, when the system develops increased stresses and strains in the future, the budget resolution will leave us without the resources to step into the breach and do what we must do--keep the promise to our seniors, keep the promise to those who have relied upon and continue to rely upon Medicare.  So I urge careful consideration of these amendments. I hope, at the end of the day, we will have a budget that recognizes the opportunity and the necessity to invest in Medicare today so that it is there tomorrow for all of our citizens.  I yield the floor.  