President, I am proud to join Senator Rockefeller in proposing a prudent, fiscally responsible tax cut alternative.  Like many, we are skeptical with the underlying assumption that there will be nearly a trillion dollar surplus. Indeed, the numbers show that much of the surplus is generated under the assumption that Congress will significantly slash investments in education, veterans, and defense below the level needed to keep pace with inflation. Such cuts in key investments are not what the American people want. Moreover, the current majority has already exceeded last year's spending limit by $35 billion in the first 10 months of this fiscal year.  The real surplus from our current economic growth is closer to $112 billion when one eliminates the unrealistic, rosy scenarios painted by the Republican's $800 billion tax bill.  Mr. President, our great economic growth has presented us with an opportunity to do many things. Sensible, modest, and targeted tax cuts for working families is part of that mix along with domestic investments and Medicare reform.  In that spirit of balancing priorities, I supported the proposal of Sen. Moynihan to provide $290 billion in targeted tax relief, while extending the life of Medicare and preserving funding for our most pressing domestic needs. That proposal was realistic and based on sound footings.  But, we should not enact an $800 billion tax cut based on mere projections; which slashes domestic investments; and which does nothing to preserve Medicare.  Our $112 billion tax cut proposal is tied to a realistic review of the actual unencumbered surplus. This is the judgement of many outside experts including former Congressional Budget Office Director Robert Reischauer. Using this figure we can still provide marriage penalty relief, education tax credits, preserve Medicare, and meet the expectations of America's families. That is why Senators Rockefeller, Leahy, and I have put forth this proposal.  Mr. President, my hope is that our colleagues on the side of the aisle will take a moment to review the real surplus numbers and join us in our effort.  