President.  Mr. President, today is one of those rare moments on the floor of the Senate that we can, with respect and reverence and, indeed, humility, salute a true American hero, Senator Bob Kerrey.  Senator Kerrey is a man of great courage. That is obvious from his accomplishments, not just as a SEAL in Vietnam, but as a public figure for many, many years. He is also a patriot, someone who loves this country deeply and sincerely and fervently. It is this patriotism which caused him to join the U.S. Navy, although I suspect if you asked him back then, he would have made some type of joke about his joining the Navy and joining the SEALS. But in his heart, it was because of his profound love for his country and his dedication to his future.  Then I suspect also that in the course of his training, he began to realize that he had been given the most profound privilege any American can be given, and that is the opportunity to lead American fighting men. That privilege also implies a sacred trust, a commitment to do all you can to lead your troops with both courage and sound judgment.  He was leading his SEALs that night 30 years ago. He had brought them to a dangerous place, and he was bound and determined, at the risk of his own life, to bring them all back. He fought with great valor. He never lost faith. He always insisted that what he would do would be in the best interests of his men.  For him, the world then was very simple: his mission, his men, and then, and only then, himself. He was and is a hero. Bob Kerrey saw war in all its brutality, in all its confusion, in all its senselessness, but he never surrendered his heart and his spirit to that brutality. He never let it harden his heart or cloud his judgment.  He came back from a war committed to continue to serve his Nation. He remains an idealist, and more importantly an idealist without illusions. And again in his acerbic way he would deny all this. But it is true.  He still believes deeply in his country. He still understands that it is necessary to lead. He still understands and keeps faith with those he led and those, sadly, he left behind. He is somebody of whom we are all tremendously proud. And there is something else about Bob Kerrey which might explain how he could lead men successfully on virtually impossible missions, because he has that kind of talent to walk into a room when everyone else is depressed, feeling oppressed, feeling without hope, and the combination of his energy and his confidence and that glint in his eye convince people they should follow him, even if the task appears impossible.  Fortunately for us, he has brought these great skills to the U.S. Senate. He continues to serve his country. He continues to take the tough missions--not the milk runs but the hard missions. We all appreciate his courage and his valor.  We all have many personal anecdotes. Let me just share one. I admired Bob Kerrey long before I ever got to the U.S. Senate. I met him several times before, but the first time I was really sort of speechless was on Inauguration Day in 1996, where I showed up outside there in the corridor a few feet away from here, ready to meet with my new colleagues in the U.S. Senate, and for the first time in my life, within a step away, I actually saw someone wearing the Medal of Honor. I looked at Senator Kerrey as a star-struck teenager would look at a great hero. And, in fact, that was one of the most rewarding and impressive moments of that very impressive day.  But I will recall one other final anecdote. Bob and I were together in Nantucket a few years ago. We got up early one morning to go running. Now, I must confess, I thought I might have an advantage running against Senator Kerrey. After all, I am younger. But at about the 3-mile mark, when he turned around and said, ``got to go'' and sped away, I felt a little chagrined. My youth and my other talents could not keep up with this gentleman.  He honors us with his presence. He has honored us with his service. We treasure him. We respect him. And today we are giving him his due.  Senator Kerrey, thank you for your service to this Nation.  I yield the floor.  