Let me also thank him for his help and support in working so closely with me and Families USA and others to ensure that this proposal will work for all consumers and for the insurance industry as well.  Part of our attempt is to find answers before, as the Senator from Oregon has said, they wind up in court. My experience--I think your experience, too--is that people want their health care to be addressed. They don't want a lawsuit. They want to get their children cared for. They want their own health care. This is not an attempt to figure out some way to get involved in a messy multiyear litigation process. Yet if there are no mechanisms, such as an ombudsman and an internal/external review process, if we don't have these mechanisms, that is where we inevitably will find ourselves.  Let me quickly accept the Senator's invitation to lay out some of the details.  First, it would be a State-based program, not a national program in the sense of some collective wisdom here in Washington, but each State could design their own ombudsman program. We would provide financial support. There would be some general guidelines for the states to follow. Basically, this ombudsman operation or consumer assistance operation would inform people about their plan options that are available and to answer other questions about a person's health plan.  Frankly, one of the great dilemmas most of our constituents have is, they don't know whom to ask about health plans, what health plans are available. This would be a source, a clearinghouse, if you will, for that type of information.  Then the ombudsman or the consumer assistance center would operate a 1-800 telephone hotline to respond to consumer questions and requests for information--again, such a necessary ingredient, for several reasons: First, the general befuddlement one experiences when you try to read a health plan contract. Two, I sense there is deep skepticism about the kind of response you expect to receive from your own insurance company about your rights and your benefits, if you get a response at all. Too many times I have heard constituents say they have just found themselves entangled in a voice mail hell, if you will. As you push one number and find one recording, you push another number and find another recording. The ombudsman program with the 1-800 number would serve as a place where you could get information and get it quickly.  Then this objective ombudsman, or woman, as the case may be, would provide assistance to people who think they have a grievance. They would have an opportunity for a patient to go in and say: My plan said I could not have this procedure for my child. My doctor says my child needs it. Can you help me? Frankly, not only will the ombudsman help the individual consumer, but they will look at the plan, and they will conclude that under the terms and conditions of the contract, that is or is not covered.  It won't be the insurance company protecting their own interest, it will be an objective agency that will be able to step in and advocate for consumer rights when they need to vindicate their rights and explain to them the limitations of the policy, when that is the case.  That is the general outline.  I yield the floor.  