President, I rise today to express my profound concern with several provisions in the Abraham ``lock box'' amendment pending before us here today. I share many of the objectives the sponsors of this amendment portend to support, such as preserving the Social Security Trust Fund, promoting fiscal responsibility and paying down the debt. However, I fear this amendment could potentially have dangerous and disastrous effects on our nation's economy and Social Security.  The Abraham ``lock box'' proposal establishes statutory annual, declining limits for debt held by the public over the next ten years, based on projections from the Congressional Budget Office (CBO). Proponents of the amendment contend that these statutory limits will force a greater degree of fiscal responsibility upon the federal government. In order to raise the debt limit, a 60-vote point of order in the Senate would be required.  On the surface, this legislation may appear to provide potential benefits to the American economy and government spending. However, there are several fundamental flaws to this approach, which is why I am unable to support the proposal.  First, the Abraham proposal relies upon CBO budget projections to derive the statutory public debt limits. While CBO budget projections are an insightful and beneficial tool for policymakers, they are in no way an exact measure of future budget levels. As any economist would tell you, there are too many uncontrolled factors that can come into play. By CBO's own admission, unanticipated developments in the economy, demographics, or other factors may alter the nations' budget landscape.  For instance, an assessment of CBO budget projections between fiscal years 1988 and 1998 found that projections were off by an average of 13 percent per year. Looking ahead to 2004, this margin of error would mean that CBO's current budget projections could be off by as much as $250 billion. Yet, under this proposal, these inaccurate projections would become the standard.  Second, the statutory debt limits proposed by the Abraham amendment could make the federal government's responsibility to meet daily financial obligations extremely difficult. Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin has stated that debt limits may drastically hinder the Treasury's ability to cover near-term shortfalls in the government balance sheet. The government receives revenues and makes payments on a daily basis. Daily, weekly, or monthly swings in cash flows can exceed balances, and under the ``lock box'' scenario, debt limits as well. If the government has reached the debt limit, it would likely become necessary to temporarily suspend unemployment benefits, or other payments, until budget cuts or tax increases are implemented to make up the difference.  Third, arbitrary debt limits could exasperate economic downturns. The amendment includes a provision that its supporters claim would lift the debt limit during a recession, which is defined as two consecutive quarters where real economic growth is less than one percent. However, lags in economic reporting mean that data on GDP growth are generally not available until several months after an economic downturn has actually begun.  For example, the recession that started in July 1990 was not revealed through economic data until April 1991. When the economy slows, unemployment compensation and other outlays rise, while tax revenues slow or decline. As a result, debt limits could be breached more quickly. However, unless Congress musters 60 votes to breach the debt limit, cutting government expenditures or raising taxes would be required. These delays could push an already weak economy into a recession.  Fourth, effective measures are already in place to ensure fiscal restraint. Over the last ten years, pay-as-you go and discretionary spending caps have been highly successful in producing fiscal discipline without threatening budget cuts or tax increases. These enforcement mechanisms, which were enacted as part of the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990, have been key elements in maintaining fiscal discipline over the past decade. Supplementing these successful laws is unnecessary and may create greater volatility in our budget process.  Lastly, I would be remiss if I did not point out that the ``lock box'' proposal does nothing to stimulate meaningful Social Security reform, nor does it extend the solvency of the program. In fact, the amendment contains a clause that would allow money dedicated to the payment of Social Security benefits to be siphoned off for other purposes, like the creation of private accounts. It also completely ignores the solvency problems facing Medicare.  Mr. President, although the ``lock box'' amendment is seemingly well intended, if enacted, it could dramatically impact the federal government's ability to meet its financial obligations and react to economic downturns. Furthermore, it could exacerbate times of economic hardship and tie the hands of the federal government in meeting its financial commitments to the American people. Most importantly, the amendment does nothing to secure the solvency of Social Security and Medicare. I urge my colleagues to reject this potentially harmful amendment.  Thank you, Mr. President.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I am proud to join Senators Lott, Domenici, and others in cosponsoring this amendment to S. 577, The Budget Reform Act. I was an original cosponsor along with Senator Abraham and others of the legislation upon which the Lott-Domenici amendment is based.  This amendment expresses clearly our commitment to protect the Social Security Trust Fund for current and future beneficiaries. This legislation reiterates the importance of adhering to the provisions of the 1990 law that prevented Congress and the President from using Social Security surpluses to mask the size of annual budget deficits. It also urges the establishment of a budgetary ``lock box'' for Social Security funds, with effective enforcement mechanism, to prevent Congress and the President from using Social Security receipts to pay for other government spending or to offset tax cuts.  We all have seen the predictions that the Social Security system will be bankrupt in 2032, short-changing the millions of Americans who included Social Security benefit payments in their retirement planning. Simply walling off the Trust Fund from depletion for other purposes will not solve this long-term problem. Clearly, we must continue to work to find a viable long-term solution to the financial problems of the Social Security system that restructures the system in a manner which provides working Americans with the opportunity, choices, and flexibility necessary to ensure their future retirement needs are fully met. At the same time, we must guarantee that everyone who has worked and invested in the Social Security system receives the benefits they were promised, without placing an unfair burden on today's workers.  Saving Social Security should not be a partisan issue. For our parents today and our grandchildren tomorrow, saving Social Security is too important for politics to guide us rather than principle. With predictions of sustained budget surpluses for at least the next ten years, saving Social Security should be our first priority.  I endorse the President's proposal to set aside two-thirds of the estimated $2.8 trillion non-Social Security surplus to shore up the Social Security system. However, I question whether the President is truly wedded to saving Social Security. His own budget shows that he does not set aside a single extra dollar for Social Security for at least ten years. Instead, he spends the surplus on new government programs.  It is also alarming that the President feels that the government should become an institutional investor in the stock market, using Social Security funds. The government has no business going into business. How could the government bring action against a company for violating anti-trust laws if it has a large equity investment in that same company? And can anyone fathom how the forces of political correctness might distort the market? Would the government eventually become the majority stockholder in Ben and Jerry's?  Saving Social Security has one simple objective: to guarantee that everyone who has worked and invested in Social Security receives the benefits they were promised. We must establish an effective ``lock box'' to ensure that 100 percent of Social Security receipts go to the Social Security trust fund and stay there earning interest. We must stop the federal government from stealing money from the Social Security trust fund to pay for its excessive spending habits. Social Security is a sacred promise which must not be broken. Fiscally responsible members of Congress must stand up and not allow the Federal Government to take the hard-earned money of taxpayers and threaten the financial security of our nation's retirement system.  Let me just point out that walling off the Social Security Trust Fund and reserving future surpluses to ensure the solvency of our nation's retirement system does not mean we can not also have a tax cut. Americans need and deserve a tax cut. Federal taxes consume nearly 21 percent of America's gross domestic product, the highest level since World War II. A recent Congressional Research Study found that over the next ten years an average American family will pay $5,307 more in taxes than the government needs to operate. Congress did not balance the budget so Washington spending could grow unnecessarily at the taxpayer's expense. Letting the American people keep more of their own money to spend on their priorities will continue to fuel the economy and help create more small business jobs and other employment opportunities.  We can provide meaningful tax relief to American families and still save Social Security. The Federal Government wastes billions of dollars every year on pork-barrel spending projects, much of which is earmarked by powerful Members of Congress for their home states and districts. Just this past year, Congress directed over $9 billion to special-interest projects. We also continue to allow businesses to use tax loopholes and other subsidies that do not make economic sense. According to the Progressive Policy Institute, we could easily save $200 billion over the next five years by eliminating inequitable corporate subsidies, including phasing out operating subsidies for Amtrak and eliminating the ethanol tax credit.  We can and should pay for tax relief for middle-class Americans and families with the money we throw away on pork-barrel projects and inequitable corporate subsidies, not money raided from Social Security surpluses.  Mr. President, on behalf of the millions of Americans who have paid into the Social Security system for decades and those who are working and paying into the system today, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and demonstrate their continued commitment to truly saving Social Security for future generations.  