President, I rise to express my support for the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. I believe the real question before us is whether or not the world will be safer with or without the nuclear test ban treaty. I believe we are safer.  From a very self-interested standpoint, if this treaty is adopted, it gives us the very real potential of locking all of our potential adversaries into permanent nuclear inferiority because they will not be able to conduct the sophisticated tests necessary to improve their technology, particularly when it comes to the miniaturization of nuclear warheads. It will, also, I think, contribute to an overall spirit which is advancing the cause of nuclear disarmament and also ending the proliferation of nuclear weapons.  On the other side of the coin, if we step back from this treaty today and vote it down, I think we will set back this progress in trying to reduce nuclear arms throughout the world. All of us have come to this floor with different viewpoints, but I suspect we would all say the process we have undertaken is somewhat suspect. I spent 12 years in the Army, and I learned to grow up under the rule of ``hurry up and wait.'' Well, this process resembles ``wait and hurry up.'' The President submitted this treaty to the Senate over 2 years ago. Yet for months, no action was taken. Then last week, suddenly it was announced that we would conduct a very limited debate, that we would have hastily constructed hearings, and that we would move to a vote.  I think that process alone suggests that we wait, at least--as we consider more carefully this treaty to discharge our obligations under the Constitution--for a thorough and detailed analysis of all the consequences. Indeed, this is a very complex subject matter, as the debate on the floor today and preceding days has indicated.  I believe we need to take additional time. I hope we can take additional time. But if the measure were to come before this body for a vote, I would vote to support the treaty because, as I have said, I think passing this treaty would provide a safer world. Rejecting this treaty would, I think, disrupt dramatically any further attempts at a significant comprehensive reduction of nuclear weapons throughout the world.  I think it is somewhat naive to suggest that if this Senate rejected the treaty, we could simply go back next week and begin to negotiate again on different terms. I think we would be sending a very strong and dangerous signal to the world that we, rather than carefully considering this treaty, have rejected it almost outright. I think, also, together with other developments, such as our genuine attempts to look for a relaxation of the ABM Treaty, rejection could be construed as not suggesting we are serious about nuclear disarmament but, quite the contrary, that we ourselves are beginning to look at nuclear weapons and nuclear technology in a different light, a light less favorable.  Let me suggest something else. This treaty will not prevent us from testing our nuclear technology. It will prevent us, though, from conducting tests involving nuclear detonation. We can in fact go on and test our technology. We have been testing our technology constantly over the last 7 years without a nuclear detonation.  This treaty would not ban nuclear weapons. This treaty also would provide for an extensive regime of monitoring sites--over 300 in 90 countries. It would allow for onsite inspection if, in fact, a significant number of signatories to the treaty were convinced that a violation took place. These additional monitoring sites, together with the onsite inspections, are tools that do not exist today to curb the proliferation of nuclear weapons and the development of new nuclear weapons.  There has been some discussion about our ability to monitor the development of nuclear weapons and, indeed, to monitor clandestine tests of nuclear devices. I think the suggestion has been made--and I think it is inaccurate--that a nuclear detonation could take place without anybodyknowing anything at all about it. That is not the case at all. Just last week, there was an article in the Washington Post entitled ``CIA Unable To Precisely Track Testing.'' If you read the article, it is clear that the CIA was able to detect two suspicious detonations at a Russian test site in the Arctic from seismic data and other monitoring devices. What they could not determine is whether this detonation was high explosives of a nonnuclear category or a nuclear detonation. But certainly we will have indications, if there is a clandestine test, that the possibility of a nuclear detonation has taken place. That alone will give us, I believe, the basis to go forward and ask for onsite inspections and for an explanation, to use the levers of this treaty which we do not have at this moment.  So the issue of verification, I think, is something that is quite obvious and prominent within this treaty, and the means of verification were discussed at length by my colleague from Nebraska who pointed out all the different techniques our intelligence service has to identify possible violations of this treaty and, with this treaty, to be able to press those violations in a world forum so we can ascertain whether the treaty has been adhered to or violated.  The whole notion of controlling nuclear testing is not new. Throughout this debate, my colleagues have discussed the initiatives that began as early as the 1950s with President Eisenhower. Then, in 1963, President Kennedy was able to sign, and the Senate ratified, the Limited Test Ban Treaty which outlawed nuclear explosions in the sea, atmosphere, and in outer space. In 1974, we entered into a treaty with the Soviet Union--the Threshold Test Ban Treaty--which prohibited underground testing with yields greater than 150 kilotons. In 1992, Congress passed the Hatfield-Exon-Mitchell amendment which called for a moratorium on testing. We are still observing today.  Also, I think it would be appropriate to point out that in fact for the last 7 years, we have not detonated nuclear devices. Yet each and every year, our scientists, the experts in the Department of Defense and Department of Energy, have certified that our nuclear stockpile is both safe and reliable. So the assertion that we can never assure the reliability and safety of our nuclear stockpile without testing has been disproven over the last 7 years. We have done that.  Now, I believe we can in fact maintain a nuclear stockpile that is both safe and reliable. We can do it using the new technology we are developing, including but not exclusively related to, computer simulations. We can do it by investing, as we are each year, billions of dollars--over $4 billion--so we can ensure that we have a safe nuclear stockpile and that these weapons would be reliable if we were forced to use them.  There is something else I think should be pointed out. This treaty has been endorsed and recommended to us by the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Secretary of Energy. These are individuals who take very seriously their responsibility for the national security of the United States. But some might suggest, well, they are part of this administration and we really know that, reading between the lines, their recommendation might not be as compelling as others.  But such logic would not suggest or explain why individuals such Gen. John Shalikashvili, a former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; Gen. Colin Powell; Gen. David Jones; or Adm. William Crowe would in fact be supportive of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. Nobody would suggest why other prominent military officers, such as John Galvin, former Supreme Allied Commander in Europe; Gen. Charles Horner, who commanded the air forces in Desert Storm; Bernard Rogers, another former Commander of NATO and Supreme Commander in Europe, would also recommend and support this treaty. These individuals are concerned about security and have spent their lives in uniform dedicated to the security of this Nation and the protection of our people. They believe, as I do, that this will be a safer world with this treaty rather than if we reject this treaty. With this treaty, I think we can curtail dramatically the development of nuclear weapons by opposing powers to the United States.  It is true that you can develop a nuclear weapon without a test. You can develop the unsophisticated rudimentary weapons that were used in World War II. But you cannot develop the sophisticated technology which is the key to strategic nuclear power without nuclear testing.  If we accept this treaty, if we join with other nations, then we will be in a much stronger position, and the world will be in a much stronger position, to ensure that countries such as India, Pakistan, and North Korea will be very challenged to develop the kind of sophisticated nuclear weapons that will alter the strategic balance throughout the world. That in and of itself, I believe, will make it a safer world.  Of course, the elimination of testing will have a positive environmental effect. Even though our tests now throughout the world are restricted underground, there is always the possibility of leakage of radioactive material. And we know how devastating that can be.  There are those who have been here today who argued that we should reject this treaty because it is not 100 percent verifiable. I would suggest that we can, in fact, verify this treaty--that 100 percent is not the standard we would reasonably use. As I have indicated previously, we have already detected what we suspect are suspicious detonations in Russia. We would be even better prepared to do that with 300 more monitoring stations in 90 countries around the world. In fact, we would then have an international forum to take our complaints and to force an explanation, and, if necessary, an onsite inspection of a test.  I think we have an obligation to carefully review and consider this treaty. I believe that we do. And that consideration would be enhanced by additional time. I think it would be appropriate to take additional time. But it would be a terrible, I think, disservice to the process of nuclear disarmament, of nuclear nonproliferation, and of a saner world if we were to reject this treaty out of hand. And the world is watching.  President Clinton was the first head of state to sign this treaty. One-hundred and fifty nations followed. Forty-one nations have ratified the treaty, and several more, including Russia, are waiting again for our lead in ratifying. Unless we are part of this treaty, this treaty will never go into effect because it requires all of the nuclear powers--those with nuclear weapons or with nuclear capabilities--to be a party to the treaty before it can go into effect. I hope we either in our wisdom consider this more, or in our wisdom accept ratifying this treaty.  Thirty-six years ago when the Limited Test Ban Treaty came to this floor, a great leader of this Senate, Senator Everett Dirksen, was one of the forces who decided to take a very bold step that was as equally daunting and challenging as the step we face today. His words were:       A young President calls this treaty the first step. I want      to take a first step, Mr. President. One my age should think      about his destiny a little. I should not like to have written      on my tombstone, ``He knew what happened at Hiroshima, but he      did not take a first step.''  The treaty is not the first step. But it is, I believe, the next logical step that we must take. I believe none of us want to look back and say that we were hesitant to take this step, that we were hesitant to continue the march away from the nuclear apocalypse to a much saner and a much safer world.  I yield my time.  