Speaker, I rise to express my support for this bill. I want to congratulate the gentlewoman from Alabama for her good and great work on this bill.  Amelia Boynton Robinson was a daughter of Georgia who moved to Alabama to study at Tuskegee Institute. After graduating, she began working for the United States Department of Agriculture in Dallas County, Alabama, where Selma is the county seat. This is where Mrs. Boynton met her husband, Samuel Boynton. They raised their sons--Bill, Jr., and Bruce Carver--on the front lines of the fight for equality and civil rights.  I remember going to Selma, Alabama, for the first time in 1963, at the age of 23, to help African Americans gain the right to vote. Mrs. Boynton was one of the first individuals I met. She worked tirelessly. She organized. She mobilized. She spoke. She led. She was fearless.  Mrs. Boynton was one of the very first African Americans to register to vote in Dallas County. The county had an African American majority, but only about 2.1 percent of African Americans of voting age were registered to vote. People had to stand in lines. On occasion, they were asked to count the number of bubbles on a bar of soap, the number of jelly beans in a jar. Occasionally, people had to pass a so-called literacy test.  Time after time, she stood up to brutality and injustice. I remember her very well on Bloody Sunday. Mrs. Boynton was knocked down by Alabama State Troopers and trampled by horses and tear-gassed, but she never gave up. She kept her faith. She kept her eyes on the prize. Mrs. Boynton's vision, determination, and commitment helped to pave the way for the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965.  Last year, when she passed away, at the age of 104, I mourned with the rest of the Nation. I was happy that during her long life she had an opportunity to see the impact of her work.  So I think, Mr. Speaker, it is so fitting for a post office to be named in her honor. Her work has changed not just Selma, but the entire State of Alabama, the South, our Nation, and inspired people all around our world. I hope that all of my colleagues will support this important bill.  