2854, the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthorization Act.  This is the Senate companion to H.R. 5067, the bill I introduced with the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner). This has been a bipartisan, bicameral effort from the first day, and I ask each and every one of our colleagues to support this important legislation.  Ten years ago, I stood on the House Floor and promised to work tirelessly to pass this legislation. Two years later, we were successful in passing the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act. That legislation created a Federal strategy to bring justice and healing to the victims, survivors, and families.  When the bill was signed into law, family members, academics, historians, lawyers, advocates started working towards a full accounting for these gross human and civil rights atrocities. The reauthorization that we are considering today responds to the their appeals to Congress to make the law whole--to ensure that their thoughtful, tireless work did not fall on deaf ears and end up in a forgotten drawer.  So many people have died; so many families have mourned; so many communities have suffered. Mr. Speaker, as you know this bill is named for a 14-year-old boy who was brutally murdered 61 years ago for allegedly whistling at a white woman. Many people here tonight will recognize the names of Emmett Till, Medgar Evers, James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, and Michael Schwerner, but few know of the countless other possible victims of racially motivated crimes during this period.  This bill restores hope for the families of so many who have unanswered questions--like the Atlanta Five in my congressional district. In 1974, five African-American men--Lee Roy Holloway, Robert Walker, Marvin Walker, John Sterling and Lonnie Merritt--left Atlanta for afishing trip near Pensacola Florida. Their families never saw them alive again. Their pain and that of so countless others is real.  I said before, and I will say it again--we have a mission, an obligation, and a mandate to restore faith in the cornerstones of our democracy and accountability in the pursuit of truth and justice whenever possible. This bill does just that.  In developing this legislation, we took the time to research and study what happened after the original bill was signed into law. We listened to and were guided by the advocates, by law professors, by families, and by the press. We worked across the aisle and across the Dome to develop a bill that fulfills our promise to never give up on this effort--to never abandon the pursuit of truth.  Madam Speaker, at this time, I would like to thank the Civil Rights and Restorative Justice Project at Northeastern University School of Law; the Cold Case Justice Initiative at Syracuse University College of Law; the Emmett Till Justice Campaign; the Emmett Till Legacy Foundation; the Georgia Civil Rights Cold Case Project at Emory University; the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights (LCCR); the Mamie Till Mobley Memorial Foundation; the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP); the NAACP-Legal Defense Fund (NAACP-LDF); the National Urban League; and the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC). The leadership and staff of these institutions fought long and hard for this legislation. They deserve recognition and appreciation.  I would also like to thank the thousands of people across the country who signed petitions, called, emailed, and urged for Congress to act. Mr. Speaker, we must thank them for their determination, their passion, and their commitment to justice.  In closing, I would like to thank the Chair, the Ranking Member, the lead sponsors, our House Leadership, the staff, and all the Members who supported this effort. I ask each and every one of my colleagues to support this important legislation and let it become law.  