 President, we have heard a lot about this debate in the last few days, what it is about andwhat it is not about. I believe the Senator from Texas, Mr. Gramm, my good friend, continues to define this issue as one about identical treatment of Mexican trucks, U.S. trucks, and Canadian trucks.  Unfortunately, for my good friend from Texas, this is not about creating a rubber-stamp approach to trucks entering our country and driving on our highways. This is about providing an approach tailored to the out-of-service rates we see in Mexican trucks.  Unfortunately, for the position put forth by my good friends from Texas and Arizona, under NAFTA, we have the right and we have the obligation to provide for safety on our highways in the United States and to regulate Mexican trucks entering this country as long as such regulations are ``no greater than necessary for legitimate regulatory reasons such as safety.'' This language came from the arbitration panel.  The Murray-Shelby provision is clearly within the legitimate safety interests that we have an obligation to regulate in this country. Also, unfortunately, I believe, for my colleague from Texas, his argument that the Murray-Shelby provision violates NAFTA, violations of NAFTA are not judged by the Senate or even the administration. Alleged violations of NAFTA are ruled on by an arbitration panel. That is part of the agreement. His contention that NAFTA would be violated does not make it so.  If you want to talk about discrimination, let's talk about discrimination against the American driver. Nothing in NAFTA should be misread to require that we give Mexican drivers a pass on safety standards while we strip our drivers of their licenses for infractions that may be honored in Mexico or which the Senator's amendment tells us that we should ignore because to do otherwise would violate a treaty that I never supported.  This is about enforcing the safety regulations of the United States of America. That is within the purview of NAFTA, as it would be for the Mexican Government to do likewise.  At the proper time, I will move to table the Gramm-McCain amendment.  