 President, I rise today to congratulate my colleagues on the conference committee for their efforts on behalf of our Nation's school children. This legislation encompasses a number of important reforms for our schools. One notable provision reforms the collection and dissemination of personal information collected from students to protect their privacy.  Earlier this year Senator Dodd and I introduced the Student Privacy Protection Act. The goal of this legislation is to ensure that parents have the ability to protect their children's privacy by requiring parental notification of any data collection for commercial purposes from their children during the school day. I am pleased that the conference agreed with Senator Dodd and me on the importance of protecting student's privacy and the essential nature of parental participation in the process.  The need for this provision stems from the growing practice of a large number of marketing companies going into classrooms and using class time to gather personal information about students and their families for purely commercial purposes. In many cases, parents are not even aware that these companies have entered their children's school, much less that they are exploiting them in the one place they should be the safest, their classroom.  The provision included in H.R. 1 builds on a long line of privacy legislation to protect kids, such as the Family Educational Rights Act, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and the Protection of Pupil Rights Act. The goal of these laws, as is the case with our provision, is to ensure that the privacy of children is protected and that their personal information cannot be collected and/or disseminated without the prior knowledge and, most importantly, the ability of parents to exclude their children from such activities.  We understand that schools today are financially strapped and many of these companies offer enticing financial incentives to gain access. Our goal is not to make it more difficult for schools to access the educational materials and the computers that they so desperately need or to deter beneficial relationships. Rather our goal is to ensure that the details of these arrangements are disclosed and that parents are allowed to participate in the decisionmaking process.  The bottom line is that parents have a right and a responsibility to be involved in their children's education. Much of these noneducational activities are being done at the expense of the parents' decision making authority because schools are allowing companies direct access to students. The provision included in H.R. 1 enhances parental involvement by giving them an opportunity to decide for themselves who does and does not get access to their children during the school day.  