 President, I rise today with my colleague Senator Bond, to introduce the Stealth Tax Prevention Act. Perhaps the most important power given to Congress by the Constitution of the United States, is the responsibility of taxation. The Founding Fathers rationale behind bestowing this power on Congress is that as elected representatives, Congress remains accountable to the people when they levy and collect taxes. Members of Congress, unlike Federal agency bureaucrats, are rightly held responsible to the public for producing fair and prudent tax legislation.  In 1996, Mr. President, Congress passed the Congressional Review Act, which provides that when a major agency rule takes effect, Congress has 60 days to review it. During this time period, Congress has the option to pass a disapproval resolution. If no such resolution is passed, the rule then goes into effect.  As you know, Mr. President, the Internal Revenue Service maintains an enormous amount of power over the lives and the livelihoods of the American taxpayers through their authority to implement and enforce the Tax Code. Even though Congress, and only Congress, has the authority to tax, the Internal Revenue Service has found a ``backdoor'' way to increase our federal tax burden through their interpretive authority. The Stealth Tax Prevention Act, that Senator Bond and I are introducing along with Mr. Thomas, Mr. Hagel, Mr. Kyl, Mr. Burns, Mr. Helms, Mr. Inhofe, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Cochran, Ms. Snowe, and Mr. Allard, will return the authority of taxation to the United States Congress by expanding the definition of a major rule to include any IRS regulation which increases Federal revenue.  For example, if the Office of Management and Budget finds that the implementation and enforcement of a rule would result in an increase of Federal revenues over current practices or revenues anticipated from the rule on the date of the enactment of the statute, the Stealth Tax Prevention Act would allow Congress to review the regulations and take appropriate measures to avoid raising taxes on hard working Americans and small businesses.  The discretionary authority of the Internal Revenue Service exposes small businesses, farmers, and individual taxpayers to the sometimes arbitrary actions of bureaucrats, creating an uncertain and, in many instances, a hostile environment in which to conduct day-to-day activities. The Stealth Tax Prevention Act will be particularly helpful in lowering the tax burden on small business which suffers disproportionately, Mr. President, from IRS regulations. This tax burden discourages the startup of new firms and ultimately the creation of new jobs in the economy, which has really made America great.  Average American families and small businesses are saddled with the highest tax burden in our country's history. Americans pay federal income taxes, they pay state income taxes and they pay property taxes. On the way to work in the morning they pay a gasoline tax when they fill up their car and a sales tax when they buy a cup of coffee. Allowing federal bureaucrats to increase taxes even further at their own discretion through interpretation of the tax code is intolerable. The Stealth Tax Prevention Act will leave tax policy where it belongs--to elected members of Congress--not an unelected and unaccountable IRS.  