 President, thank you for your courtesy.  Over the past 8 years, I believe our Justice Department has floundered dangerously, challenging our most basic understanding of the rule of law and starkly reminding us in America of the awesome power of the Federal Government and the dangers that the exercise of that power can present to a free society such as ours. I believe public confidence in our system of justice has been seriously damaged in the past 8 years and that our country has suffered as a consequence.  I believe it is time to restore the public trust, and I do not believe there is a better qualified or more honorable man to do that job than Senator John Ashcroft, our former colleague. Indeed, he is one of the most, if not the most, experienced nominees for Attorney General we have ever had in our history. He is one of the best educated, most experienced nominees for Attorney General I have seen in my 23 years in Washington.  What is most outstanding about Senator Ashcroft is not his resume, although we could go on and on and on about that. It is not his strong record of leadership as the attorney general of his State of Missouri and his leadership as the Governor of the State of Missouri. No, it is not his impressive legislative accomplishments in the Senate.  I submit what is most outstanding about John Ashcroft is his character. It is the strength of that character that makes him so well suited to be Attorney General of the United States. His principles and his integrity underscore the kind of leadership the Justice Department so desperately needs and the American people so rightly deserve in an Attorney General.  John Ashcroft's conscience and his conviction ensure rather than question his commitment to enforce the laws of our land fairly and impartially. I do not believe even for a moment that Senator Ashcroft's most fierce opponents truly believe he will not endeavor to enforce our laws faithfully. While his conservatism threatens them, their real fear, I believe, is that he will enforce the law without prejudice, that he will be uniform in his application. This is because their greatest ideal, I believe, is to use the Justice Department as a tool to advance the political and social agenda of America by selectively enforcing laws with which they agree and ignoring those with which they disagree.  John Ashcroft, I submit to you, is not going to do that. As a man who respects the rule of law and the importance of the public trust in our justice system, I have no doubt that he will enforce the laws of the land rather than creatively interpret them, twist or contort them to match his personal beliefs.  I am pleased to support the nomination of John Ashcroft to be the Attorney General of the United States. I sincerely believe he will honor the office of Attorney General and he will restore integrity to the Justice Department. I look forward to his confirmation later today by the Senate and his future service to the United States of America.  