 In the interests of a meaningful and productive discussion of the issue, I would like to summarize what we do know about Mexican trucks.  According to the Department of Transportation inspector general, during Fiscal Year 2000, the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration reports show that Federal and State inspectors performed 46,144 inspections on Mexican trucks at the border and within the commercial zones. For those inspected, the out-of-service rate declined from 44 percent in fiscal year 1997 to 36 percentin fiscal year 2000. By comparison, United States trucks' out-of-service rate for fiscal year 2000 was 24 percent.  Clearly, the data we do have indicates that the out-of-service rate for Mexican trucks in 50 percent higher than our own domestic truck fleet. Accordingly, we need to do more to inspect trucks entering the United States at the Mexican border.  The President's budget request and the committee reported Transportation appropriations bill does do more: the President's budget requested $88 million for inspectors and new border inspection facilities and the committee reported bill provides a minimum of $103 million for inspectors, safety grants to states, and new border facilities--quite an increase.  In the near term, developing an inspection capability that includes providing inspectors and inspection facilities at the border crossings is central to ensuring compliance with United States safety regulations.  Unfortunately, those capabilities, necessary regulations, forms and facilities are not yet in place to provide an inspection and enforcement regime that can assure Americans that Mexican trucks entering the United States, including the commercial zone, can match the out-of-service rates of the United States trucking fleet, much less the Canadian trucks operating in the United States.  No one should believe that Mexican trucks are inherently any better or any worse than trucks from any other country--the United States or Canada.  But unless a Mexican inspection regime is in place in that country that can give Americans the confidence that trucks from Mexico are statistically as safe as trucks operating in this country, we must provide an inspection and regulatory system that insures that trucks entering from Mexico meet a minimum level of fitness to operate on our highways.  There has been a clamor that somehow providing an inspection and regulatory regime for Mexican trucks entering the United States violates NAFTA. As a Senator who did not support NAFTA, I do not believe that NAFTA should dictate what the United States Congress can and cannot do regarding the safety of vehicles operating on our highways.  In fact, NAFTA itself provides that motor carriers entering a NAFTA country must comply with the safety and operating regulations of that country. Accordingly, requiring that Mexican truck drivers have a valid commercial driver's license or that Mexican-domiciled trucks are safe is clearly within the spirit and the letter of NAFTA.  The NAFTA arbitration panel held:       The U.S. authorities are responsible for the safe      operations of trucks within U.S. territory, whether ownership      is United States, Canadian, or Mexican.  It is the duty, I believe, of the U.S. Congress to provide the policy guidance for those U.S. authorities. The committee-reported bill takes the appropriate steps to provide that policy guidance.  Let me briefly describe the Murray-Shelby language that is in the committee-reported bill and the amendment to that language currently before the Senate.  In addition to the minimum of $103 million for inspectors, safety grants to States, and new border facilities, under the committee-reported bill:  We require the Department of Transportation to only allow Mexican trucks to cross the border at inspection facilities where inspectors are present and on duty;  Further, we require the Department of Transportation to allow the full opening of the border only--yes, only--when the inspector general certifies that all of the 80 new inspectors provided under the committee funding recommendation are fully trained as safety specialists capable of conducting compliance reviews;  Further, we require the Department of Transportation to perform a full safety audit of each Mexican trucking firm before any conditional operating certificate is granted and then to perform a full followup compliance review again within 18 months before granting a permanent operating certificate;  Further, we require that all safety audits of Mexican trucking firms take place on-site at each firm's facilities;  We prohibit the full opening of the border until the inspector general certifies that the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration has implemented a policy to ensure compliance on the part of Mexican truckers with pertinent hours-of-service rules;  Further, we prohibit the full opening of the border until the Inspector General certifies that the information infrastructure of the Mexican authorities is sufficiently accurate, accessible, and integrated with that of U.S. law enforcement authorities to permit the verification of the status and validity of licenses, vehicle registration, operating authority, and insurance of Mexican-domiciled motor carriers while operating in the United States;  Further, we prohibit the full opening of the border until the Department of Transportation requires checks of Mexican-domiciled trucks by federally funded inspectors for violations of applicable Federal regulations;  Further, we prohibit the full opening of the border until the inspector general certifies that there is adequate capacity to conduct a sufficient number of truck inspections to maintain safety;  Further, we prohibit the full opening of the border until the Department of Transportation equips all Mexican border crossings with weigh-in-motion systems as well as fixed scales for enforcement action;  Further, we prohibit the full opening of the border until the inspector general certifies that there is an accessible database containing sufficiently comprehensive data to allow for safety performance monitoring of all Mexican drivers entering the United States; and  We prohibit the full opening of the border until the inspector general certifies that the Department of Transportation has published certain overdue regulations relating to motor carrier safety.  In addition, the pending Murray-Shelby perfecting amendment improves the inspection requirement in the Mexican truck provisions in the committee-reported bill to require the inspection of all Mexican trucks that do not display a current Commercial Vehicle Safety Alliance--CVSA--inspection decal--and requires renewal of those decals every 90 days.  This is the so-called California standard, and adding it to the underlying inspection and enforcement regime included in the committee-reported bill, we believe, improves the overall inspection process.  According to the Commercial Vehicle Safety Alliance, current data and information on Mexican companies, who intend to travel internationally from Mexico to the United States, is quite limited. This is because:  First, there have been few safety regulatory requirements placed on the industry until very recently;  Second, there are a limited number of personnel trained and continually performing oversight functions; and  Third, the information infrastructure has not been in place to capture and record the results of the current limited oversight being performed by the Mexican Government.  Given the shortcomings in the inspection and regulatory regime for Mexican trucks and the immediacy of the Mexican truck issue, the Murray-Shelby approach is one way to move this issue forward while balancing the need to foster safety on our highways without closing the border to Mexican trucks.  While this is an emotional issue for many, the Murray-Shelby approach is a dispassionate treatment of the core issues related to inspection, border and information infrastructure investment, and providing a rational playing field for international trucking activities. I stand ready, with the Senator from Washington, to work with interested Members and the administration to move this legislation to conference.  In conference, we will continue to work with all interested parties to make sure that the requisite investments and safety protections are in place to further the Nation's interests in a safe, economically viable, and fair international truck inspection system.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Cantwell). The Senator from Washington.  