 President, I objected to the motion earlier to proceed to the Export Administration Act. I want to share some of my concerns in why I did that.  I, too, serve on the Banking Committee. I have been on it 15 years. I worked with Senator Gramm, Senator Sarbanes, Senator Enzi, and Senator Johnson. It is a great committee. It is the committee of jurisdiction for this legislation. I also happen to be chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence. And this is why I am concerned about this piece of legislation today.  Yesterday, we in the Intelligence Committee spent 2 hours being briefed on the damage of our national security from China's seizure of sensitive technologies aboard our EP-3 reconnaissance plane, which remains, as of this hour, in Chinese custody.  Chinese technicians are picking that plane apart, and I do not believe theyare looking for loose change under the seat cushions.  Yet today, right now, we are talking about moving to debate a bill that will make it easier for the Chinese, and others, to get technology like that aboard the EP-3 and other advanced technologies without any licensing or export restrictions.  I ask my colleagues: What is wrong with this picture?  I am sure the Chinese leadership can't believe its luck. The U.S. Senate, which until a few days ago was criticizing China's aggressive tactics, militaristic policies, and disdain for the rule of law, is now rushing to open the floodgates for the advanced technologies China needs to upgrade its military.  And a few days after the administration announced an unprecedented package of arms to help Taiwan defend itself, the Senate wants to sell China the very technologies that will help it to overcome Taiwan's defenses, and threaten the U.S.  The events of the last several weeks underscore a fact that has been apparent to many of us for some time: China is not our strategic partner. It is our competitor and could be our adversary.  Yet we are moving ahead on this bill today as if these events never occurred. I fear the Senate is signaling to the Chinese that whatever they do and however much we may criticize their actions, we will always put our commercial interests ahead of our national security.  We have done this in the past, and we are reaping the results today.  Equally important is the risk of advanced dual-use technologies falling into the hands of countries such as Iran, Iraq, or Libya.  While supporters emphasize the economic benefits of provisions in this bill that would ease controls on exports to large markets like Russia and China, they don't tell you that Russia and China are routinely identified by the Director of Central Intelligence as the ``key suppliers'' of nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons technologies.  Although this bill may help our U.S. technology industry increase its exports in the short run, I believe its impact on our national security in the long run may be disastrous.  As a result, I cannot support proceeding to this bill at this time until the entire U.S. Government has had an opportunity to thoroughly review the legislation, take a fresh look at our overall China policy, conduct an in-depth study of our export control policies, and address the national security concerns shared by the chairmen of the national security committees in the Senate.  In addition to these governmentwide efforts, we in the Senate must do our homework. This is an extremely complex piece of legislation that raises a host of extremely complex issues. They need to be debated and looked at thoroughly.  The economic benefits of increased high technology exports are quickly apparent and relatively obvious; the national security implications are less immediate, less obvious, and often classified.  Therefore, before voting on this legislation, every Senator should have the benefit of the extensive briefings that Senators Warner, Helms, Thompson, Kyl, McCain, and I have had.  Should the Senate now vote to take up the EAA, I intend to join my colleagues from the other national security committees in setting forth in detail our concerns about the national security implications of this bill.  We believe the case is compelling for those who are willing to listen.  That is why I object to proceeding with the bill so soon.  I yield the floor.  