 It is unfortunate that we are even at this point, but if cloture is the only way to move forward on the Transportation appropriations bill, then I urge my colleagues to support cloture.  This isn't a partisan issue--there is no such thing as Republican or Democrat roads. When the Transportation bill finally passes, I suspect that we will have all but a handful of Senators supporting the final bill.  You have to ask yourself who the winners and losers are in the situation we find ourselves today. I think it is hard to pick the winners, but clearly the loser in this situation is the administration. The amount of time that we have had to spend on this bill to this point--and that we will have to spend to complete action on it--pushes the appropriations process into an area that is dangerous for the administration.  The worst thing that can happen for the administration and budget hawks--I have been accused of being a budget hawk and a budget spender. I do not know how you do both--is to have appropriations bills back up against the end of the fiscal year. Unfortunately, the situation in which we find ourselves in this chamber today makes it much more likely that the President will be facing an omnibus appropriations bill.  If we have learned any lesson from the past few years, it is this: spending will increase in an omnibus bill. I know this President is committed to limiting the growth in government spending but, unfortunately, the Senate is making his job harder by failing to expeditiously move these spending measures.  Yesterday, the Department of Transportation, the Office of Management and Budget, and the White House all told me that Senators Gramm and McCain do not speak on behalf of the President--that the President speaks for himself.  So even if we could come to agreement on the Mexican truck safety provisions, we have no assurance that we have addressed the concerns that the President has with this measure.  The simple solution is to move this issue to conference. Although, I respect the rights accorded every Member of this body. I fail to understand why a small faction in the Senate to desire to tie up the Senate floor until this bill completely reflects their views.  The Senator from Washington and I have spent a great deal of time trying to understand and work with those Senators and their staffs to resolve these issues in the finest traditions of the Senate.  In fact, I remained hopeful that we could come to closure on a package that we could all support until shortly before noon this morning. Unfortunately, I believe we are at an impasse and it is time to let the Senate work its will.  I urge my colleagues to vote for cloture.  I yield the floor.  