 President, throughout this debate, we have wrestled with how we best improve education for all of our children; whether it is more money, more flexibility, more accountability, higher standards, less bureaucracy, more choice. All of these considerations and goals are worthy and certainly play an important role in ensuring that our children receive the best education possible.  But, there is one ingredient--one factor--that without fail, is the most essential to a child's education and that is a parent. I submit that there is no school building, no computer, no TV, no textbook that can replace the role of a parent when it comes to educating a child. And accordingly, no government official or school official shares the same interest as a parent in protecting and raising their child. I say this because the amendment Senator Dodd and I are offering today is about ensuring the rights and responsibilities of parents in raising and educating their children.  As parents, we entrust schools with our children in the hope and belief that they will receive a strong education that will prepare them for the future--that they will be taught and learn the basic foundations for success--reading and writing, math and science. Parents expect this.  What they don't expect and what many of them aren't even aware of is that their children will be used as captive focus groups for marketers during the school day. That is not part of the bargain and, I submit, it shouldn't be.  Last year a GAO study found that marketers and advertisers are increasingly targeting our children in the school setting. This is not some freak occurrence. It is a calculated marketing strategy that is intended to get around parents and reach kids directly in a way they could not normally. In a recent column raising concerns about this phenomenon, George Will notes how marketers now study ``marketing practices that drive loyalty in the preschool market'' and ``the desires of toddler-age consumers.'' In addition, marketers advise that ``School is. . .the ideal time to influence attitudes.''  There is no question that there is a lot of money to be made in marketing to children. According to a report by the Motherhood Project at the Institute for American Values, in 1998 alone, children ages 4 to 12 spent nearly $27 billion of their own money and influenced nearly $500 billion in purchases by their parents. As parents, many of us have probably felt like it was a lot more than $500 billion at times.  I am all for free enterprise. But, there are boundaries. And, marketers are crossing those boundaries when they seek to go into public schools and collect marketing information on children without parental consent. A recent editorial in the Christian Science Monitor echoes this sentiment.       Schools are for learning, not market research . . .      Businesses do have a role in education. They can lend      financial and other kinds of support, and be recognized for      such. But educators and businesses also need to recognize      boundaries--and stay within them.  Congress has acted in the past to provide some boundaries to schools and protect parental rights and children's privacy. The Family Education Rights Protection Act, the Protection of Pupil's Rights Act and the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act all provide parents with some ability to protect how information is collected and shared on their children. None of these laws, however, protect parents' rights when third party marketers seek to collect similar information from their children in the classroom.  Our amendment seeks to address this gap in the law and reenforce these boundaries by ensuring that when third parties want to come in to the classroom and conduct market research and collect information on our children for strictly commercial purposes, they have to ask the parent.  We are not breaking new ground here other than filling in gaps in existing law. In addition, parental consent is already required for many other activities that occur in the schools, including extracurricular activities, field trips, and internet access. Indeed, parental consent is required before students may participate in the Everybody Wins Program that many Members and staff of this body participate in.  I know there have been concerns and questions raised about our amendment and active lobbying against our efforts.  However, in working with the White House, I believe we have addressed most of the these concerns as reflected in our modified amendment. We have sought to minimize concerns over ``burden'' by requiring parental consent for only those commercial/marketing activities that seek to collect information on children.  In addition, we have attempted to provide local flexibility --while ensuring parental involvement--by allowing local school boards to provide additional exceptions to the consent requirements so long as the information they seek to collect is not personally identifiable and the school notifies the parents of their policy on these data collection activities.  Despite our good-faith efforts to address legitimate concerns, I understand that some financial interests may oppose parental consent no matter what. They are willing to argue that requiring parental consent imposes a burden on local schools.  I fundamentally disagree and submit that if we have come to the point where we consider parents a burden and parental consent a mandate--then we have a bigger problem in this country. Parents a burden? I say we need more such local burdens in our schools, not less. You simply can't get more ``local'' than a parent.  And as a corollary to this, I would suggest that these interests have it backwards. It is rather the local schools that are interfering in the rights of parents. Schools exceed their authority when they allow third parties to come in to the classroom and collect information on children for strictly commercial purposes.  We have tried to focus this amendment on those non-educational activities that parents traditionally maintain authority over. Parents have a tough enough time trying to raise and instill certain values in their children. Schools should not be a parent-free zone where marketers get unfettered access to children that they would not otherwise be able to achieve anywhere else.  There is nothing intended in this amendment to disadvantage public-private partnerships in our schools. And, in fact, most public-private partnerships have nothing to do with collecting personal information on children. Indeed, I continue to believe that many of these relationships can be very positive for schools and students. We want to encourage, not discourage many of these relationships.  But, I submit that these public-private partnerships should be able to withstand the scrutiny of parents when they seek to collect information on their children. If it is in their child's interest--you can be sure a parent will give their permission. I don't know of any reputable company whose business model would be based on intentionally skirting parental rights and targeting children directly in the schools. And, I doubt, that any business that relied on such a tactic would be around very long.  I do, however, believe that the amount of interest and extensive lobbying that has been shown on our little amendment is a strong indication of how much money is being made on targeting kids in the schools and how important it is to some marketers to get around parents and get access to our children directly.  Our modified amendment was crafted in consultation with the Administration, and is supported by the National Parent Teacher Association, Commercial Alert, the Eagle Forum, the American Conservative Union, Focus on the Family, and the Motherhood Project at the Institute for American Values, among other groups.  I am pleased with the acceptance of this amendment by the Senate and thank the managers for their work on this bill and on our amendment.  I look forward to working with my colleagues as the bill is considered in conference.  