 President, the world is a very different place than it was the last time Congress passed an intelligence authorization bill. As we all know, we are now at war, but we are not only at war, we are in a particular kind of war: A war against global terrorism in which the lives of thousands of innocent Americans have already been lost.  This war has turned some of the conventional wisdom on its head. In past wars, intelligence agencies served to support the warfighter. In this war, however, the intelligence agencies are on the front lines all over the world.  Good intelligence has always been critical in wartime, but the war we fight today is an intelligence-driven one to a degree we have never seen before. This war has no front lines and the field of combat is global.  Wherever terrorists and their supporters can be found, that is the battlefield. Never before have we demanded or have we needed so much from our intelligence services. I have been privileged to serve as the chairman, and now the vice chairman, of the Senate Intelligence Committee. I treasure my relationship with the chairman, Senator Graham. He has brought great, steady leadership to the committee. He is a veteran of the committee. He has been there a long time, we have worked together on a lot of initiatives, and we are going to continue to do that.  Some of what I have learned about our intelligence community over the last 7 years that I have been on the committee is very encouraging. It has many truly outstanding people doing very good work. Today it is working, actually right now, to respond vigorously to the unprecedented demands this war places upon it. But our intelligence community has changed far less rapidly than the world around it. In too many important ways, it remains structured as it was during the cold war.  The U.S. intelligence services were crucial to our victory in the cold war, but times have changed and they keep changing.  Our intelligence system still remains wedded to the institutional fiefdoms and information stovepipes of the past. Our intelligence community is still too little of a community and too much of a freewheeling federation that lacks effective, centralized control and management.  We have a nominal Director of Central Intelligence who has and apparently is resigned to having little authority over the community he is supposed to head. Although the press ofevents since the September 11 events have prompted our agencies to communicate and to cooperate with each other much better, we still have a very long way to go before U.S. intelligence can effectively meet this new challenge.  Helping our intelligence community overcome these problems will be a challenge for this Congress and the President in the months and years ahead. This bill before us today embodies the Senate's continued support for the intelligence community, authorizing its appropriations for the next fiscal year. It also represents a small first step in what will be our role in driving significant reforms in U.S. intelligence, by helping set the stage for improved oversight.  This bill, for example, increases Congress's ability to evaluate allegations of wrongdoing within the Central Intelligence Agency by requiring the CIA Inspector General to notify the Director of credible complaints against the agency.  Building upon the report our committee recently produced on CIA activities in interdicting illegal drug flights in Peru, the bill before us also requires special reporting and certifications by the President for such interdiction operations.  Additionally, the bill requires that national counterintelligence strategies and threat reports be approved by the President before being submitted to the Congress.  This bill is not a bill to revolutionize the intelligence community. That effort will take time, but I believe it is now inevitable. This is a bill to keep the intelligence community on an even keel while it tries to respond to the challenges it faces today, and while we work to help it change in the right ways.  I have long been a strong supporter of U.S. intelligence, and I am pleased that we in the Senate continue to support it with special vigor in this time of crisis. We have more to do, however, and Congress will continue its tradition of assertive oversight. It must. Today, more than ever, we need an intelligence community that is able to overcome the tyranny of its conceptual and institutional stovepipes. We need one that does not merely respond to our present emergency by doing more of the same, just with more money and more people. That will not be enough. A bigger and better funded status quo is not good enough. The status quo has not and will not serve us well in a world of increasing and more diverse threats.  I believe we need management that is able and willing to fight for the intelligence community within the administration and to reach out to unconventional thinkers. The time for ``steady as you go'' is over, and we need leaders who are not afraid to take on the ossified bureaucracies.  I believe Chairman Graham and I agree that change must come, and it will. Again, I commend Chairman Graham for his efforts in getting this bill to the Senate today and managing it in a professional way. Senator Graham's steady leadership of our committee has been instrumental during a turbulent period on Capitol Hill and throughout the Nation. I thank him again for his efforts and look forward to continuing our close working relationship.  At the end of the debate on this bill, I urge my colleagues to support it. It will permit our intelligence community to continue its current operations while we work to lay the foundations for a more capable intelligence community that can meet the challenges ahead.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  