 In this letter the Project on Government Oversight expresses its support for this bill in general and for provisions that equip inspectors general with the authority to require testimony. Let it be clear that the bill also imposes limitations on the authority of IGs to require testimony.  There are several procedural protections in place to ensure that this authority is exercised wisely. For example, the subpoena must be approved by a designated panel of three other IGs. It is then referred to the Attorney General. For those IGs who can already subpoena witnesses' testimony, I am not aware of any instances in which it has been misused. In fact, the inspector general for the Department of Defense has established a policy that spells out additional procedures and safeguards to ensure the subjects of subpoenas are treated fairly. I am confident the rest of the IG community will be just as scrupulous in providing appropriate protection for the use of this authority. You see, we all win when inspectors general can do their jobs. Most importantly, the public is better served when IGs are able to shine light in the government operation and stewardship of taxpayer dollars.  In September we attempted to pass this important bill by unanimous consent. It has been nearly 3 months since leadership asked whether any Senator would object. Not one Senator has put a statement in the Record or come to the floor to object publicly. At the August Judiciary Committee hearing, there was a clear consensus that Congress needed to act legislatively and needed to overturn this Office of Legal Counsel opinion that one person out of 2-plus million employees in the executive branch overruled this 1978 act that the inspector general ought to be entitled to all information. Every day that goes by without fixing the opinion of the Office of Legal Counsel is another day that watchdogs across government can be stonewalled.  At that hearing, Senator Leahy said this access problem is ``blocking what was once a free flow of information'' and Senator Leahy called for a permanent legislative solution. Senator Cornyn noted that the Office of Legal Counsel opinion is ``ignoring the mandate of Congress'' and undermining the oversight authority that Congress has under the Constitution. Senator Tillis stated that the need to fix this access problem was ``a blinding flash of the obvious'' and that ``we all seem to be in violent agreement that we need to correct this.''  However, some Members raised concern about guaranteeing IGs unchecked access to certain national security information. Fortunately, we were able to agree on some changes to the bill that addressed those concerns, without gutting the core of the bill. We made these concessions so the bill can pass by unanimous consent. This Senator thanks my colleagues who worked with me to arrive at this compromise.  As we move forward, it is important to note the following: First, I am not aware of a single instance in which an IG has mishandled any classified or sensitive operational information. IGs are subject to the same restrictions on disclosing information as everyone else in the agency they oversee.  Second, the Executive orders restricting and controlling classified information are issued under the President's constitutional authority. Naturally, this bill does not attempt to limit that constitutional authority at all. It just clarifies that no law can prevent an IG from obtaining documents from the agency it oversees unless the statute explicitly states that IG access should be restricted. No one thinks this statute could supersede the President's constitutional authority.  Third, there is already a provision in law that allows the Secretary of Defense to prohibit an Inspector General review to protect vital national security interests and to protect sensitive operational information. We agreed to clarify that already existing provision to include the ability to restrict access to information as well as to prevent a review from occurring. However, we kept the language in that provision that requires notification to Congress whenever that authority to restrict an IG's access to information is exercised.  After making these changes, we attempted to hotline the revised bill last week. Since then, no Senator has publicly stated any other concerns. The cosponsors have worked hard behind the scenes over the past 3 months in good faith to accommodate the concerns of any and all Members willing to work with us. Now the time has come to pass this bill. We all lose when Inspectors General are delayed or prevented from doing their work.  I urge my colleagues to stand up for Inspectors General, overturn the Office of Legal Counsel opinion, and restore the intent of the Inspector General Act. All IGs should have access and timely independent access to all agency records. The most important thingis the principle that not one lawyer--that any one lawyer in the Department of Justice or any agency of government doesn't have a right to override the opinion of the Congress expressed in a statute so clearly as this is expressed.  Madam President, at this time I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 68, S. 579, the Inspector General Empowerment Act of 2015; I further ask consent that the Johnson substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.  