 This program is also known as EB-5. This immigration program was created by Congress in 1990. It was created to stimulate the U.S. economy through job creation and capital investment by foreign investors. In 1992 Congress further added the regional center component that allows participants to pool dollars for foreign investors.  The story on ``Nightline'' detailed how visas and green cards are for sale for more than $500,000. It also highlighted how spies and terrorists can use the program to enter the country, risking our national security and undermining the real intent of the program.  For the past few years, whistleblowers have come to me about the fraud, abuse, and national security problems with that program.  A December 2013 audit of the EB-5 program conducted by the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General substantiated several of these concerns. The OIG report concluded that the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services is unable to demonstrate the benefits of foreign investment into the U.S. economy--in other words, questioning whether the original intent of the program was being accomplished.  Specifically, the Office of the Inspector General found that the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services could not validate whether the EB-5 program actually created 49,000 jobs.  In addition, a 2013 internal memorandum from the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Homeland Security Investigations noted that ``the nature of indirect job growth is problematic.''  Allow me, please, to discuss the fraud issues related to the program.  The EB-5 program requires a foreign national to invest $1 million in order to obtain a visa. However, there is a lower threshold for projects that are in high unemployment or rural areas.  Investors have exploited this loophole. As noted in press reports, some metropolitan areas are drawing their own maps or gerrymandering in order to meet this low threshold. The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services ignores the problem and doesn't question it.  Additionally, there are serious concerns that the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services does not adequately verify the documentation and the source of funds from investors.  Adjudicators do not thoroughly check how an investor has received $500,000 and whether the funds are even legitimate.  Finally, I wish to elaborate what is probably more important, the national security concerns. Remember, the Federal Government's No. 1 responsibility is the national security of this country.  In regard to those national security concerns, in 2012, several agencies came together to draft a forensic assessment of financial flows relating to the EB-5 Regional Center Program, and the Department of Homeland Security Office of Intelligence and Analysis produced an intelligence report of the program's vulnerabilities. The same ICE memorandum that highlighted its issues with regional centers also identified seven main areas of vulnerability within the EB-5 program. I won't go into all seven of them, but I wish to use four as an example.  No. 1, export-sensitive technology and economic espionage;  No. 2, use by foreign government agents and espionage;  No. 3, use by terrorists; and,  No. 4, illicit financing and money laundering.  Let me make it very clear that this ICE memorandum identified seven areas of vulnerability and I just gave us four dealing with sensitive technology and economic espionage, use by foreign government agents and espionage, use by terrorists, and illicit financing and money laundering.  I know I repeated that, but the EB-5 program is being undercut by people who don't mind hurting the national security of our country.  So to be repetitive on an important point, there are numerous national security concerns. That is why, in my September 2014 ``Dear Colleague'' letter, I invited my colleagues--all of them--to review classified information on this program.  Today I renew this invitation and urge Senators and those staff who have clearances to view these documents to do so in the Office of Senate Security.  I will be sending another copy of that ``Dear Colleague'' letter, which contains the document numbers to access the material at the Office of Senate Security.  Summing up, we have whistleblower allegations supported by documentation. We have findings by the Office of the Inspector General. We have classified information about attempts to exploit the vulnerabilities of the program and, finally, we have numerous press reports that highlight the fraud and the abuse.  So I think it is time Congress asks whether this program is worth the national security risks posed and whether this program can be fixed to accomplish the goals that were set out in 1990.  The EB-5 program will require reauthorization by the end of fiscal year 2015 and I want my colleagues to know that I will be demanding reform before this is done, or in conjunction with any renewal.  I do believe that if changes are made, the EB-5 program could benefit the U.S. economy as originally intended by Congress in 1990.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  