  Last week I submitted a resolution to commemorate the goals and ideals of National Domestic Violence Awareness Month, which takes place each October. I thank Senators Leahy, Ayotte, and Klobuchar for joining me as original cosponsors of this measure.  I have met with many domestic violence victims over the years. We have come a long way since the enactment in 1984, with my support, of the landmark Family Violence Prevention and Services Act.  In the decades since then, Congress has committed billions of dollars to implement that statute, as well as the Violence Against Women Act, and we have seen a decline in the rate of serious partner violence over the last two decades, according to the Congressional Research Service.  But researchers and advocates who work with domestic violence survivors remind us that there is still much work to be done to stop this terrible crime and support survivors in their efforts to heal. It is estimated that as many as 9 million Americans are physically abused by a partner every year.  According to a 2011 survey by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about 22 percent of women and about 14 percent of men have experienced severe physical abuse by a partner in their lifetime.  Experts tell us that domestic violence affects women, men, and children of every age and socioeconomic class, but we also know that women still experience more domestic violence than do men, and women are significantly more likely to be injured in an assault by a partner or a spouse.  According to the Justice Department's Bureau of Justice Statistics, women between the ages of 18 and 31 experience the highest rates of domestic violence. Most have been victimized by the same offender on at least one prior occasion. And, of course, it is heartbreaking to realize that millions of American children have been exposed to domestic violence, either by experiencing some form of abuse or witnessing a family member's abuse.  The good news is that each and every day, in communities across the Nation, there are victim advocates, service providers, crisis hotline staff and volunteers, as well as first responders who are working tirelessly to extend compassionate service to the survivors of domestic violence. I wish to take this opportunity to single out some of these folks and extend a special thank-you on behalf of the Senate.  First, I highlight the hard work of trained volunteers and staff who operate crisis hotlines across the country. They are a varied and talented group of individuals who, often at low or no pay, make confidential support, information, and referrals available to victims, as well as their friends and families, each and every day. We appreciate their efforts to help countless men, women, and children escape abusive situations.  Next, I recognize the contributions of the talented staff at the 56 State and territorial domestic violence coalitions around the country and the globe. These individuals also help respond to the needs of battered men, women, and children, typically by offering their expertise and technical support to local domestic violence programs in each and every State and territory. In my home State, for example, the Iowa State Coalition Against Domestic Violence has, since way back in 1985, connected local service providers to vitally important training and other resources that exist to support Iowa survivors.  We cannot commemorate Domestic Violence Awareness Month without also mentioning the police officers who are on the front lines in the effort to protect crime victims and to prevent abuse in the first place. Domestic violence calls can present lethal risks for officers, and we mourn those who have lost their lives while responding to such domestic violence incidents. We know, too, that in recent decades the law enforcement approach to these instances has changed to reflect the latest research, and we applaud those police agencies that continue to update and improve their domestic violence policies.  I also recognize those who operate the Nation's domestic violence shelters that meet the emergency housing needs of thousands of adults and children each day or millions of Americans each year. Last but not least, I want to highlight the hard work of the staff at charities and agencies across the Nation that are devoted to helping domestic violence survivors achieve financial independence, obtain legal assistance, and most importantly overcome the detrimental emotional and physical effects of abuse.  As I close, I urge my colleagues to support the adoption of this important resolution. With its adoption, we demonstrate the Senate supports the goals and ideals of National Domestic Violence Awareness Month.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Perdue). The Senator from Rhode Island.  