 President, I would like to speak on Amendment No. 133, offered by Senator Heitkamp of North Dakota. The amendment is a sense of Congress that the renewable electricity tax credit should be extended for 5 years. While I supported the amendment, I would like to express my concerns regarding the consideration of this amendment at this time.  I have been an outspoken supporter of renewable energy for many years. In fact, I first authored the wind production tax credit in 1992 to drive this renewable energy technology. I have worked for many years to provide as much certainty as possible to grow the domestic wind industry. Iowa has seen an enormous investment in wind energy manufacturing and wind farm development. I know firsthand the boom-and-bust cycle that exists for renewable energy producers when Congress fails to extend these critically important tax incentives.  But I also know this credit won't go on forever. It was never meant to, and it shouldn't. In 2012 the wind industry was the only industry to put forward a phaseout plan. A number of my colleagues here in the Senate have been working to construct a responsible, multiyear phaseout of the wind tax credit. That is why I am somewhat puzzled by an amendment that suggests a 5-year extension of this credit. It seems disconnected with reality.  I would remind my colleagues on the other side that in November of 2014, the House offer on tax extenders included a multiyear extension of the wind production tax credit that would have provided the certainty and soft landing that most of us and the industry support, but President Obama issued a veto threat before the ink was dry, and as a result the wind incentive expired.  Again, I strongly support wind energy, but I support a prudent way forward on an extension of the production tax credit. This amendment fails terribly in that regard. That is why I am disappointed that the Senator from North Dakota insisted on going forward with a 5-year extension on this bill. This is not a real effort to extend the wind incentive. I am afraid this was simply a politically motivated effort designed to score political points.It is unfortunate that in this case, politicking has trumped efforts to achieve sound, responsible policy.  Rather than offer ``gotcha'' amendments on an unrelated bill, we should be working together to craft an extension of these important tax incentives that work for the wind industry, that are realistic politically, and that make sense for the American taxpayer. That effort requires regular order, working through the Finance Committee, to determine the most prudent path forward. It should be done in the context of comprehensive tax reform, where all energy tax provisions are on the table, rather than as a sense of the Congress on the unrelated Keystone XL bill.  I hope that with this political exercise behind us, those of us who seek to ensure a responsible transition for the wind production tax credit can get to work and achieve a sensible policy for those who depend on it. It is too bad that this ill-timed, ill-conceived amendment may have actually harmed those efforts.  