 President, I thank my colleagues for their commendation of the 150th anniversary of the University of Iowa College of Law. This makes it the first law school west of the Mississippi to reach that milestone.  In the past 150 years, the college of law has served the people of Iowa, the Nation, and the world, and I am pleased, along with my colleague Senator Ernst, that the resolution congratulates the college of law on its accomplishments.  I have been honored to attend some of the events celebrating Iowa Law this past year, and the law school should be proud of its vast history of achievement. It is the oldest law school west of the Mississippi River, and it has produced generations of attorneys who have been dedicated to improving and enhancing the practice of law in Iowa and throughout the Nation. Currently, Iowa Law has over 10,000 living alumnae who practice in Iowa and around the world.  Iowa was the first State to admit a woman to the practice of law. Iowa Law followed this tradition when in 1873 it graduated what is believed to be the first female law student in the United States, Mary Hickey. Iowa Law's second female law student, Mary Haddock, was the first woman admitted to the practice of law before the district and circuit courts of the United States.  Iowa Law was one of the first law schools to grant a degree to an African-American student when Alexander Clark, Jr., graduated in 1879--decades before other law schools allowed the enrollment of non-White students. Iowa Law has always been at the forefront of the legal field, particularly when it comes to diversity.  Iowa Law has consistently ranked as one of the top 10 public law schools in the country and is currently ranked the 22nd best law school in the Nation.  Throughout the years, Iowa Law has maintained its commitment to the legal community and encourages students to participate in a variety of programs that better Iowa. For example, Iowa Law recently partnered with the Iowa State Bar Association to start a program that trains and recruits law students to work in rural and smalltown practices, providing better access to legal services in these communities. Iowa Law offers several clinic programs that focus on helping thecitizens of Iowa and has several programs to encourage students to provide pro bono legal services.  For the past 150 years, Iowa Law has produced lawyers who embody the motto of the State of Iowa, which is ``Our liberties we prize and our rights we will maintain.''  I congratulate the Iowa College of Law on its many achievements, and I am grateful for its continued dedication and commitment to the State of Iowa.  I yield the floor.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.  