 One of the reasons is, we now know the Attorney General, under oath, misled the Senate Judiciary Committee in response to my direct question about his contacts with Russian officials. I asked then-Senator Sessions if he hadbeen in contact with anyone connected to any part of the Russian Government about the 2016 election. His answer was unequivocal. He said no. He provided a similarly misleading response to Senator Franken, saying that he was ``not aware'' of any connections between the Trump campaign and the Russian Government.  Especially those of us who are lawyers, and who have had a chance to serve as attorney general or as prosecutors in our States, know it is an egregious breach of public trust that Attorney General Sessions has not recused himself from this investigation. I think everybody would agree he has to recuse himself. Of course, as this goes on, the question now arises: Has he perjured himself?  In response to these reports, the Attorney General claims that he ``never met Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign.'' That is a wholly inadequate response. The Attorney General was a top adviser to the Trump campaign. He took a private, undisclosed meeting with the Russian Ambassador during the height of concerns about Russian involvement in our election. Think about it. There are reports everywhere about concerns about Russian involvement in the election of the United States, and he has an undisclosed meeting with the Russian Ambassador.  He also met with the Russian Ambassador during an event at the Republican National Convention. One would think, at the Republican National Convention, it is possible that politics might be discussed. Now, if the Attorney General thinks his explanation is sufficient after he misled Congress about these contacts, of course, he is mistaken. I don't say that as a Democrat. I think everybody would agree to that. What I worry about is that the Attorney General is only the latest Trump administration official who has attempted to mask his contacts with the Kremlin.  The President's first National Security Advisor lied to the Vice President about his communications with the Russian Ambassador. He only resigned after the media reported how he had lied to Vice President Pence, and even that was weeks after the President had been informed. He had to leave only when it became public. The President's Chief of Staff attempted to use the FBI--which, of course, would be in violation of Justice Department policies--to suppress news reports about Russian contacts. I have been here through seven previous Presidents--Republicans and Democrats. You would assume they would play by the rules. This administration seems to want to make up the rules.  My concern is not just what the administration might be doing; my concern is about Russia. We are, I believe strongly, the greatest democracy history has known. We are the longest existing democracy in history, and now we have Russia meddling and trying to undermine our democracy. Every American should worry about that. Every American should be frightened, not just concerned but frightened. It is an attack on our democracy. This is one of the most disturbing national security challenges facing our country. Russian President Putin ordered a multifaceted campaign that was aimed at helping Donald Trump win and undermining public faith in our election. That should alarm and outrage everybody no matter what party one belongs to.  We didn't hear a word about it in the President's speech on Tuesday during the joint session of Congress. In fact, the President's only reaction has been to disparage American investigators, to disparage the intelligence community, to cast journalists who report on this as ``enemies of the American people.'' Journalists are not enemies of the American people. Russia is the enemy of the American people. Putin is the enemy of the American people. Do not cast our journalists, do not cast our investigators, do not cast our intelligence people, do not cast those who dare speak out as being enemies of America. Point to the real enemies--Vladimir Putin and those he controls.  It is about time we take this seriously. I have been here 42 years. I have never seen such a perfidious threat to our democracy than what we are seeing in Vladimir Putin, and my concern is the administration does not call it out for what it is. We Americans deserve to know the facts. We deserve a full and fair investigation. We deserve one that is free from any political influence.  I have repeatedly called on Attorney General Sessions, who was one of President Trump's top advisers during the campaign, to recuse himself and appoint a special counsel to conduct the investigation. Earlier this week, he said: ``I would recuse myself on anything that I should recuse myself on.'' This morning, he said he would recuse himself ``whenever it's appropriate.'' This would be a ludicrous response from a law clerk at the Department of Justice. From the Attorney General, it is dissembling.  Recusal is not optional here. It is required by very clear Justice Department regulations. It is required to maintain at least a semblance of integrity in this investigation. The Attorney General has to recuse himself because, as stated clearly in Department rules, he is obviously ``closely identified'' with the President due to his ``service as a principal adviser.'' That is the rule, and that is the rule whether it is a Republican or a Democratic administration. It describes his relationship with the President.  The investigation has to be led by someone who, in reality and in appearance, is impartial and removed from politics. That does not describe someone who was in the trenches of a political campaign with the subjects of the investigation while they were allegedly engaged in the very activity under investigation. It does not describe somebody who misled Congress--who misled the Republican-led Senate Judiciary Committee--about his own activities that have been implicated in the investigation.  This is not a close call. We know Russia is doing everything to undermine our democracy. Let's stand up for America. Let's do what is best for our country. The Attorney General should start by stepping aside. Then what we need is an independent investigation, and we need answers.  I thank the distinguished senior Senator from Alaska for her indulgence.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sullivan). The Senator from Alaska.  