                         Russia Investigation  Madam President, over the past 10 months, the Attorney General has testified before the Senate on three occasions about his knowledge of and contacts with Russian operatives. He also answered written questions and provided additional supplemental testimony, but he still has not gotten his story straight. On numerous occasions, new disclosures of his communications involving Russia have raised serious doubts about his testimony, and not one of these disclosures has come from the Attorney General; all have come from the press or unsealed court records. That is a problem.  This started in January. At his nomination hearing, both Senator Franken and I asked him about contacts with Russian officials. I asked him in writing whether he had been in contact with anyone connected to the Russian Government about the 2016 election. It was not a tricky or surprising question. Other Trump officials' undisclosed contacts with Russians, like those of Michael Flynn or Jared Kushner, were major headlines at the time. Under oath, then-Senator Sessions answered with a single word, ``no.'' We soon learned that the answer was ``yes''--just the opposite.  In March, the Washington Post reported that Sessions met with Russian Ambassador Kislyak on two occasions during the height of the 2016 campaign. Days later, the Attorney General was forced to recuse himself from the Russia investigation. In June, the press reported on a third undisclosed contact. In July, despite the Attorney General's previous assertions that he never discussed the campaign with Russian officials, U.S. intelligence intercepts reportedly revealed that he had done just that--discussing the campaign and its positions on Russia-related issues with the Russian Ambassador. When I asked the Attorney General about this report in the Judiciary Committee last month, his testimony shifted yet again; he acknowledged that it was ``possible'' he had those conversations. That flatly contradicts his testimony to me in January.  