President, I have been privileged to serve in this body for more than 42 years, and I thank my native State of Vermont for that.  When I joined the Senate, our country was still crawling out of an intractable war--a war which came to an end with a vote in the Senate Armed Services Committee in April of 1975. Since then, I have seen our country slide into new wars. I have seen scandals that have consumed this town and our Nation. I have seen horrific terrorist attacks that have shaken our country to its core, from Oklahoma City to 9/11, and others. All of these events, in different ways, have tested our country. But I have never seen a threat to our democratic institutions like I see today.  There is still much we do not know about Russian interference in the 2016 Presidential election, but what we do know is deeply disturbing. Last night, reports indicated that there is evidence that certain Trump officials coordinated the release of hacked documents with Russian officials. And on Monday the FBI Director confirmed that the FBI has been investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia since July of last year.  Already, the Intelligence Community has made public its conclusion that Russian President Putin waged a multifaceted influence campaign to delegitimize Secretary Clinton and help Donald Trump win the Presidency. Worse, he intended to undermine public faith in our democratic process. What is even worse is that this interference did not end on November 8, election day. It is ongoing. That--whether you are a Republican or a Democrat--should concern every American.  According to the Intelligence Community, President Putin will continue using cyber-attacks and propaganda campaigns to undermine our future elections. This is nothing less than an attack on our democracy. It should outrage all Americans, no matter what their political affiliation, and we need to know all the facts.  Frankly, my experience here tells me we need a thorough, independent investigation. We need to send a clear message to President Putin that America, our country--the country that the Presiding Officer and I revere--will not tolerate future efforts to manipulate our most sacred democratic process, our elections.  All of us here know that President Trump is not going to lead such an investigation. He is not going to deliver this message. The President, unfortunately, spent much of the 2016 campaign supportive of President Putin. Then-Candidate Trump refused to call on Russia to stop meddling in our election, saying: ``I'm not going to tell Putin what to do.'' He even encouraged Russian hacking on live television, pleading: ``Russia, if you're listening, I hope you'll be able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing.'' It is unprecedented. No candidate, in my memory, of either party has ever called on another country to interfere in our elections that way.  This was occurring as the President was claiming to have had no role in weakening the Republican Party's official position on Russia's incursion into Ukraine. Of course, we have now learned that this was false, and his campaign played a central role in softening his party's stance on Russia.  I do not know why the President is so enthralled with President Vladimir Putin, a man who has shown such disregard for personal rights, even as he has made himself one of the wealthiest people in the world. It may be simply because Russia is heavily invested in the Trump brand. Years before the President denied having any financial relationships with the Russians, his son admitted that Russians own a disproportionate share of Trump assets, saying: ``We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia.'' Now, just how invested Moscow is in Trump is not known. The President broke with precedent of both Republicans and Democrats and did not release his tax returns. But I imagine there would be quite a sigh of relief if the only secret in the President's full tax returns were that he did not pay his share of taxes and paid far less than the average American.  The President, though, is not the only one in his administration incapable of telling the truth when it comes to Russia. His Attorney General provided testimony that was not true before the Senate Judiciary Committee in response to questions from me and Senator Franken about Russian contacts, and we know his first National Security Advisor, Michael Flynn, resigned after lying to Vice President Pence about his conversations with the Russian Ambassador.  President Trump's former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, also resigned after questions were raised about his extensive activities in Russia and Ukraine. Of course, now it has been reported that Mr. Manafort earned $10 million per year for secret work on behalf of Putin.  Another former adviser, Roger Stone, had early warning of the release of hacked documents. He has admitted to having conversations with ``Guccifer 2.0,'' the Russian-connected hacker responsible for the cyber-attack on the Democratic National Committee.  They say that where there is smoke there is fire. There is so much smoke here that it is getting hard to breathe. The President unfortunately continues to make matters worse. This week alone, he continued his untruth about President Obama personally ordering a wiretap of Trump Tower, something everybody knows is not true. I think members of his own administration's inner circle are embarrassed every time he persists in this.  On Monday, the President ramped up his own influence campaign to undermine the integrity of this investigation, tweeting ``fake news'' as the Director of the FBI prepared to testify under oath in the House of Representatives.  Now, I have no reason to doubt the integrity of the FBI's investigation thus far, but I have every reason to believe it is eventually going to be at risk. That is why we need somebody independent--independent of the Congress, independent of the administration. We need an independent special prosecutor to lead this investigation and to ultimately decide whether there is sufficient evidence to prosecute. A special prosecutor would not report to the Attorney General, who himself is a witness to this investigation. And a special prosecutor, unlike the Attorney General or even the FBI Director, cannot be fired by the President.  I have thought long and hard about this. I went on my experience here with administrations beginning with President Gerald Ford straight through to today. It takes a lot of thought to call for a special prosecutor, but this is one where we need it, where the American people have to have somebody they can trust outside Republicans, Democrats, and the Congress, and certainly outside the administration.  Our Nation is at a precipice. We can either confront what happened in our election and get to the bottom of it with an independent investigation and make sure it never happens again. Or we can just pretend this is another Washington scandal and allow it to be filtered through a familiar partisan lens. That would be a terrible mistake. In all my years here, I have never seen a time when another country--one that has shown its animosity toward us--has tried to interfere in our elections. If Russia can get away with interfering with our elections, what else can they interfere with in our democratic Nation? They do not share the ideals we do. They do not allow free elections. They do not allow freedom of expression. They do not allow their people to speak out. Why would anyone think that they would have America's interests at heart?  Today we have a counterintelligence investigation into the campaign of a sitting President. There is evidence that this campaign colluded with a foreign adversary to impact our Presidential election. This is not normal. We must not treat it as such. I would feel this way no matter who had won the election--no matter if they were Democrat or Republican, because it goes beyond one party.  President Putin's goal last year was to undermine our democratic institutions--to corrode American's trust and faith in government, something that has sustained us through two World Wars, through a Civil War, through all the other problems this Nation has faced. That trust should sustain us long after every one of us in this body are gone.  This is a responsibility that we as Senators have to our great Nation: not to think of ourselves for the moment, but to think where this Nation is 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, and 100 years from now. We must do that. We owe that to the American people. Republicans and Democrats alike, we owe itto the American people. We take an oath to uphold our Constitution.  We come here, all of us--and I have great respect for every Senator here in both parties--we come here hoping to do the best for our Nation. Our Nation is in peril. All of us would stand together if we had an adversary attack us. All of us would stand together if somebody declared war on us. We have done that in the past. We did that after Pearl Harbor. We did that other times in our Nation's history. Well, because this is done quietly behind the scenes, it is a great attack on us.  As I said, President Putin's goal last year was to undermine our democratic institutions--to corrode Americans' trust and faith in our government, no matter who is President. If we do not get to the bottom of Russian interference, he will no doubt be successful. And if anybody doubts it, if he is successful, he will try it again.  That is why we should stand united and call for a truly independent investigation. The American people deserve nothing less. We can sit here and talk about this bill and that bill, but it is so rare that we have something overriding. This is overriding. Let's have an independent investigation. This Senator is willing to accept that whichever way it goes.  I see our distinguished majority leader on the floor.  I will yield the floor.  