President, today, the Senate considers the nomination of Elaine Chao to be the Secretary of Transportation. Ms. Chao has served in a number of roles in both the public and private sectors throughout her career, ultimately serving as the Secretary of Labor during the administration of George W. Bush. I look forward to working with Secretary Chao as we find solutions to modernize and grow our country's crumbling infrastructure.  We can all agree that investment in our country's transportation infrastructure means safe bridges, paved roads, completed railways, and expanded airports. We can also all support innovative approaches to meeting these needs while guarding public health and environmental protections. With a long-term vision, Congress is not only repaving roads, but it is investing in the future of our vibrant communities. In a rural State like Vermont, it is essential that rural communities have the transportation options they need to access basic things like grocery stores, doctors' offices, schools and churches, and banks. These investments are essential to connecting rural America to the economic opportunities they need for success.  The importance of this connection was made clear in Vermont after the devastation of Tropical Storm Irene in 2011. Entire communities were isolated for days and weeks after the storm until temporary bridges and roads were able to reconnect us. It was because of substantial Federal and State commitments that Vermont rebuilt and improved our dams, roads, wastewater facilities, and rail lines across our State. As disruptive as the storm was to the rhythm of our everyday lives, it provided Vermont an opportunity to assess our State's vulnerabilities and to invest in upgrades. But it should not take a category 4 storm to allow a State the opportunity to improve its transportation services.  That is why I was encouraged by the Obama administration's continued investment in programs that were formed as a response to the financial crisis of 2008. The Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery, TIGER, grant program is providing funding to States for multimodal programs not considered under traditional transportation programs. Vermont has received several grants through this program. Under Secretary Foxx's leadership, there has also been a renewed focus on transit investment, not only in facilities, but in technology. Vermont has relied on these programs to enhance our services for the elderly and disabled, as well as to launch new programs like Green Mountain Transit's mobile phone application that delivers bus arrival times and schedule information. Finally, Vermont has 12 State-owned airports that continue to contribute to Vermont's economic engine. If not for the commitment to rural airport investment, Vermont would not have been able to fund our airports' expansions and improvements necessary to grow and add to our State's commerce and tourism.  America is starving for infrastructure investment. I hope that Secretary Chao will work with Congress to establish a long-term investment plan that propels our transportation infrastructure and technology in both urban and rural areas into the 21 Century.  