It has been more than 16 months since the Senate confirmed a Federal appellate judge and almost 11 months since we voted on a circuit or district nomination. That is because of Leader McConnell's unprecedented obstruction, blocking any votes on President Obama's qualified, consensus nominees, all in an effort to leave as many judicial vacancies as possible for President Trump and the far right special interest groups who are charged with selecting his nominees.  The 7 days Judge Thapar has waited for a vote is quite a contrast with the last circuit judge that Leader McConnell permitted to be confirmed. Judge Felipe Restrepo's nomination languished for 6 months on the Senate floor last Congress before he was finally given a floor vote. Of course, there was no good reason for that. Judge Restrepo had bipartisan support at every step of the process: positive blue slips from his Democratic and Republican home State Senators, a voice vote in the Judiciary Committee, and a bipartisan 82-6 confirmation vote. Likewise, there was no good reason for Leader McConnell to deny votes on other circuit nominees like Donald Schott and Jennifer Puhl. They were reported with strong bipartisan support in the Judiciary Committee and had bipartisan support from their home State Senators, but were left languishing on the Executive Calendar for months, without ever receiving floor consideration. We should not forget the 20 district nominees and the five Court of Federal Claims nominees, who were reported with bipartisan support and then fell victim to Senate Republicans' unprecedented obstruction and were denied a vote after waiting months or even years. Of course, we cannot overlook one of the most shameful inactions of the Senate--the treatment of Chief Judge Merrick Garland, who did not even receive a hearing for his nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court.  So why are we now rushing to confirm Judge Thapar? It is only fair to note that the seat to which he has been nominated has been vacant for nearly 4 years. President Obama's nominee to that seat did not receive this expedited process. She did not even receive blue slips from the Kentucky Senators. Now, that is their right. Had I still been chairman, I would have honored that decision--as I did for both circuit and district nominees--however much I might have disagreed with it. We should not pretend that we are required to vote so quickly on Judge Thapar simply because the Republican leadership held this seat vacant.  This is a nomination that requires thorough consideration by the Senate. It is no secret that Judge Thapar is a favorite of the same far right groups that handpicked Justice Gorsuch--in fact, Judge Thapar was on the same shortlist that they gave to PresidentTrump. Given Judge Thapar's apparent views on campaign finance regulation, it is no surprise that these groups, who are some of the biggest opponents of any efforts to bring transparency to campaign financing, want to see him elevated to a circuit court. His answers during his hearing did not allay my concerns.  I was also troubled by Judge Thapar's responses to my written questions. Like Justice Gorsuch, he dodged a very simple question about whether the First Amendment permits a religious litmus test for entry into the United States, but even that nonanswer was inaccurate. Judge Thapar responded that the constitutionality of a religious litmus test is an active question in pending litigation regarding the president's Executive order targeting Muslim-majority countries, and that he could not comment on it. That is not accurate. There is no question that such a religious litmus test is unconstitutional--even the Trump administration does not argue otherwise. Instead, they are arguing that the Executive order does not impose such a litmus test. Judge Thapar failed to get the facts right, and failed to show me that he understands one of the most fundamental principles of our Constitution. It will be very difficult for me to support any judicial nominee who fails to answer this question with adherence to both the Constitution and the facts.  The role that far right interest groups have played in this nomination and the Gorsuch nomination is troubling. A President is free to consult with whomever he wishes on potential nominees, but the ``advice and consent'' power belongs to the Senate, not the Federalist Society. For decades, Presidents of both parties have consulted with home State Senators, a requirement formalized through the Judiciary Committee's blue slip process. This tradition protects the role of all 100 Senators in the confirmation process and helps ensure that Presidents work with Senators of both parties to find consensus nominees.  During my nearly 20 years as either chairman or ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, I encouraged Republicans and Democrats to work with President Clinton, President Bush, and President Obama to find qualified, consensus nominees, and I protected the rights of Senators in both parties. As Ranking Member Feinstein noted in a memo that was circulated yesterday, no judicial nomination made by the last three Presidents was confirmed without the support of both home State Senators. I cannot recall a nominee being confirmed over the objection of his or her home State Senator. The blue slip is not a partisan issue; it is about constitutional checks and balances and the Senate's role in protecting the independence of our Federal judiciary. I encourage President Trump to follow the example of his predecessors from both parties and work with us to find consensus nominees to ensure that our Federal courts remain the envy of the rest of the world.  