President, last Thursday the Trump administration submitted its first budget blueprint to Congress. The President called it ``America First, A Budget Blueprint to Make America Great Again.'' The title would seem like a ``Saturday Night Live'' skit if the topic were not so serious. Like some of the President's tweets, his budget is a hasty list of appallingly unbalanced, shortsighted, and, I believe, politically driven priorities.  He proposes to eliminate or drastically cut programs that benefit the middle class and safeguard its most vulnerable citizens, programs that protect our environment, programs that promote our interests overseas but also security at home. Instead, he wants to spend billions upon billions of taxpayer dollars on a misguided wall along our southern border and increased spending for the Pentagon.  He says his proposal causes ``strength, security and resolve.'' He couldn't be more wrong. You don't want to make America ``great again'' at the expense of middle-class families and the most vulnerable among us. We are not a ``great'' nation if we abandon our shared desire to cure cancer, the desire to bring an end to Alzheimer's disease or diabetes. We don't do that by slashing billions for the National Institutes of Health. You can't switch complex and promising medical research off and then say: Well, maybe someday later we will just turn it back on again.  We are not a great nation if we eliminate heating assistance for the 6 million vulnerable households that receive LIHEAP. Some 21,000 of those households just had to dig themselves out from a historic snowstorm in my State of Vermont. And we are not a ``great'' nation if we don't protect the air we breathe and the water we drink.  You don't make America stronger by eliminating the very programs that strengthen our alliances around the world and make our Nation more secure. We are not a strong nation if we simply pour more money into the Pentagon but then renege on commitments to international peacekeeping and security alliances or slash funding to respond to humanitarian crises or cut our diplomatic presence around the world. Interesting enough, when the other body spent millions of tax dollars to investigate a lack of security in Benghazi and came up with nothing, this budget slashes huge amounts that could be spent on security in our embassies, just as they voted to cut out hundreds of millions of dollars from a Senate budget that would have improved our security.  The President says he prefers hard power to soft power, but it is not either/or. The notion that soft power is weak or wasteful is mindless. If you are cutting programs that feed millions or prevent AIDS or treat tuberculosis and malaria, well, that doesn't help. It makes the world less stable, less secure.  I am afraid the budget proposal is divorced from reality. It has a lot of partisan campaign promises. He promises infrastructure investment--and all of us would agree with that--but then it cuts critical Federal funds for proven successful State transportation projects. He claims it will save rural America, but he cuts those Federal programs that spur rural economic development. That is not a budget with vision.  We need a serious budget proposal--a proposal that acknowledges the devastating effects the Budget Control Act and sequestration have had in our country and a budget that charts a path forward, rather than doubling down on further cuts on programs for the middle class. We need a budget proposal investing in our citizens and in our military, not a proposal that pays for one at the expense of the other.  We have a lot of work to do. I am the vice chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee. I would say we haveto finish the fiscal year 2017 appropriations bills and then get to work on fiscal year 2018. Anybody who has been a Governor of their State would recognize that because they know they have to do it in their State. We should do it for the United States. To accomplish that, we need a budget framework that respects the principles in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, including parity between the defense and nondefense spending and that, even though they might be politically popular, doesn't have poison pill riders. We need relief from sequestration, not more misguided cuts.  This budget proposal takes us backward, not forward. But we can remind ourselves that it is Congress that holds the power of the purse, not the President. I have said that, whether we had Democratic or Republican Presidents. I take the responsibility seriously. I look forward to working across the aisle with colleagues both on and off the Appropriations Committee. I want to craft a responsible budget, a thoughtful budget, a serious budget--one that truly makes us a better and safer Nation and reflects the values we share as Americans.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hoeven). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  