President, Senate will soon vote on the nomination of David Friedman to be U.S. Ambassador to Israel.  I oppose his nomination.  Mr. Friedman has made a career of derogatory and inflammatory statements about U.S. policy in the Middle East, about former U.S. officials, about the Palestinians, and about American Jews who have views that differ from his own.  He has written falsely that President Obama and Secretary Kerry engaged in ``blatant anti-Semitism,'' that liberal American Jews are ``far worse than kapos,'' and that they ``suffer a cognitive disconnect in identifying good and evil.''  He has accused the State Department of a ``hundred-year history of anti-Semitism,'' apparently because diplomats in both Republican and Democratic administrations have not always agreed with the actions of some of Israel's leaders.  Those comments alone should disqualify him for this sensitive position.  Mr. Friedman has also raised millions of dollars for Israeli settlers and bragged about leading the effort to remove the two-state solution from the Republican Party's platform.  Regarding the two-state solution, he wrote that it is ``an illusion that serves the worst intentions of both the United States and the Palestinian Arabs.'' That renunciation of longstanding U.S. policy should also, by itself, disqualify him for the job of Ambassador to Israel.  Mr. Friedman is certainly entitled to his own views as a private citizen, even if they are offensive and counter to U.S. interests and values. But can anyone honestly say that this nominee is qualified or suited to represent the American people in Israel?  Five former U.S. Ambassadors to Israel, who served under Republican and Democratic Presidents going back as far as President Reagan, say the answer is no.  An alliance as longstanding as ours with Israel, which has far-reaching consequences for the entire Middle East, requires effective daily management by an experienced diplomat who not only has knowledge of the region but the temperament and appreciation of our short- and long-term interests.  I do not see how anyone could conclude that Mr. Friedman possesses the requisite temperament or objectivity. The record is devoid of evidence that he appreciates the critical distinction between the interests of the United States and the parochial interests of an extreme constituency in Israel that he has fiercely advocated for over the course of his long career.  Mr. Friedman's confirmation hearing provided him the opportunity to assuage concerns about his divisiveness, including the many disparaging remarks he has made and his close identification with and support for, the Israeli settler movement.  During the hearing, he disavowed his past undiplomatic statements, saying he was speaking as a private citizen.  Mr. Friedman's remarkable confirmation conversion falls far short of convincing evidence that changing his title to ``Ambassador'' will cause him to divorce his life's work and objectively serve the interests of the American people.  We all want what is best for the American people. We also share a desire to find a viable solution to theIsraeli-Palestinian conflict that protects the rights and security of both peoples.  Neither goal can be achieved by pursuing policies that further inflame tensions and erode the role of the United States as an honest broker for peace.  There are any number of qualified Americans who could capably support that role. Mr. Friedman is not among them.  