President, I just want to address very briefly one other issue that surfaced last week.  Press reports indicate there are multiple nominees of President Trump awaiting Senate confirmation, but even though they haven't been confirmed--there has not been a vote maybe even in committee, I understand; certainly they have not been confirmed by the Senate. Yet they are engaged in the very duties of the positions for which they have been nominated. That includes nominees showing up to work, even though they are not yet confirmed. It means they attend White House meetings, even though they are not yet confirmed. They show up for photo ops, even though they are not confirmed. This includes officials with at least three different agencies.  If accurate, this is nothing but an end run around our constitutional system. It directly flouts the Senate's constitutional role to check and balance the enormous power wielded by the executive branch. It is our obligation to advise and ultimately consent, vote up or down, the appointment of high-level agency officials. Their decisions impact millions of Americans. I hope that all of us--both Democrats and Republicans--will speak up and defend the prerogatives of the Senate if the Trump administration continues to insist it is above the law.  I have been here a half dozen times when Democrats were in the majority and a half dozen times when Republicans were in the majority. We have always insisted that these kinds of nominees await a vote first. Back in my time during the Ford administration, the Carter administration, the Reagan administration, the Bush administration--the first Bush administration--the Clinton administration, the next Bush administration, the Obama administration, we actually followed the law and the Constitution. It was something that both Republican leaders and Democrat leaders insisted on, and I agreed with it. Although I may have hated to wait sometimes, we insisted on it. So I raise that point.  It raises a real question. I am told that it may be a violation of the law. It certainly raises a question if they make decisions based on their responsibilities in a position that requires confirmation and they haven't been confirmed. We may be facing lawsuits--taxpayers paying to defend lawsuits--when all they have to do is wait a few days.  Republicans are in charge of the Senate. They can bring up these nominees. Bring them up and vote on them, but don't just pretend the Senate is not here. Let's not pretend the advice and consent part of the Constitution doesn't exist.  Let's actually obey the law and the Constitution. It can be refreshing to do things the way the law and the Constitution requires. In the long run, the country will be better off.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  