President, we had promises from the White House that the President would treat DACA recipients with great heart. I don't believe itis great heart when he abandons protections for our Nation's Dreamers. It is an unfortunate pattern, and I hope it changes, facing historic low approval ratings, the President desperately rallies his dwindling supporters by exploiting fear and resentment. Such conduct is shameful and unbecoming of the presidency, an office intended to represent our proudest ideals--not play to basest instincts. I have been here with every President since President Ford, both Republicans and Democrats. We agreed on some things and disagreed on some things, but the Presidents have always seemed to want to present and represent America's proudest ideals.  We live in an unprecedented time when our President prefers to divide us, rather than unite us. Instead of honoring the sacrifice made by transgender individuals serving in our Armed Forces, President Trump decided to ban them from serving at all. When white supremacists violently rallied around hate in Charlottesville, resulting in the murder of Heather Heyer, the President equated those who promote bigotry with those who oppose it. There is no equation. The bigotry shown there and the hate shown there is wrong.  This week the President targets another vulnerable population--Dreamers. Dreamers are American by almost any definition. They came to the United States as children through no fault--and by no choice--of their own. Those of us who have had children or grandchildren know they don't make those kinds of choices. They play by our country's rules. They grow up. They have no criminal records, and seek only the chance to contribute to their communities and make them better. America is their home. Often, it is the only country they have ever known, just as my maternal grandparents came from Italy and found a home in Vermont or my great grandparents--paternal grandparents came from Ireland and found a home in Vermont. They wanted that to be their home. That was the American dream. When you threaten the Dreamers, you threaten the American dream itself.  The President's attempt to justify this decision as deference to Congress or respect for our courts is disingenuous, at best. It strains reason that a President who signed 90 Executive actions in his first 100 days suddenly cares about deference to the Legislative Branch. It borders on laughable that a President who doggedly defends a Muslim ban found likely to be unconstitutional by multiple courts, is now cautious about the litigation risk of defending DACA in court.  Dreamers are our friends and neighbors. They are students in our schools and universities in all our States. They serve our country in the military. They are among the first responders who come to save your life when there is a fire. Consider, for example, Jesus Contreras, a Dreamer and a paramedic, who saved American lives during Hurricane Harvey. If we had thrown him out, he wouldn't have been there saving those lives. The President's decision to end DACA is nothing but a cynical ploy to rally the anti-immigrant voices within his base while attempting to escape responsibility for deporting some of the most inspiring Americans in our country.  On Tuesday, I received a letter from Dr. Juan Conde, a DACA recipient and resident of Vermont. Dr. Conde was brought to the United States by his mother as a child. In 2007, his mother lost her life battling cancer. This tragedy inspired him to find a way to help cancer patients like her. Unable to pursue his dream of being an oncologist due to his immigration status, he initially decided to pursue a Ph.D. in cancer research. But Dr. Conde wanted to treat cancer patients, not just study the disease. After receiving DACA status, he was able to pursue his dream of directly helping patients, applying to and being accepted into the University of Vermont's Larner College of Medicine, where he is currently pursuing his medical degree. He hopes to spend his career here in the United States treating cancer patients and researching the disease that has taken the lives of millions of Americans, including members of my own family.  Dr. Conde is the face of DACA. Dreamers have enormous potential and determination to contribute to the only country they have known since childhood. To deny them these opportunities because they were brought here as children by their parents would be cruel and inhumane, motivated more by the toxic xenophobia of this administration than by any coherent policy goals. Stories like Dr. Conde's reveal why President Trump's decision to rescind DACA is as senseless as it is callous.  Now the fate of DACA is in the hands of Congress. We can bring up a vote on this if the Republican leadership will allow that in the House and the Senate. Some Republicans have spoken out against the President's decision. It is easy to speak out. Act on it. Vote on it. We Democrats stand ready to protect our Nation of Dreamers. We stand ready to defend the American dream. I hope we are not standing alone. I would invite our Republican friends--stand up with us. Stand up with those Dreamers. I guarantee you, you have some living in your State. I guarantee you, just as my grandparents and my great-grandparents did, they can make America a better country.  Mr. President, I see other Senators on the floor.  I yield the floor.  