President, I agree with my colleague that there are no recommendations on where these cuts are coming from. Do they come from the programs that support our Nation's veterans, from the National Institutes of Health--the cutting-edge cancer research it conducts? You can't turn research on and off. Scientists don't hit pause.  Does it come from our transportation and infrastructure? If we really want to make these cuts--and this, of course, would take us well below the postsequester budget caps that are already $43 billion. If we want to make cuts, have the courage to stand up and say ``This is the program I want to cut''--not do something like this, where we don't know if the cut will be for veterans, education, cancer research, or anything else.  I oppose the amendment.  To reiterate, I oppose the Paul amendment and urge others to do the same. The Paul amendment appears to mandate a cut of $43 billion from nondefense discretionary programs in fiscal year 2018. This is an 8-percent cut to the fiscal year 2018 postsequester budget caps, which are already $3 billion below last year's levels. It could impact defense as well.  Of course, Senator Paul provides no recommendations on who he wants to hurt. Should it come from programs that support our Nation's veterans? Should it come from the National Institutes of Health and the cutting-edge cancer research it conducts? You cannot just turn research on and off. Scientists do not hit pause. What if we take it from transportation and infrastructure programs that help repair our Nation's failing roads and bridges?  If those are unacceptable, perhaps we should cut or eliminate programs that assist our Nation's farmers or help promote economic growth in rural communities. I think we can all agree that is not going to happen. It should not happen. We should be investing in our communities to make sure they have the tools they need to grow and flourish, not deserting them.  Members on both sides of the aisle have been calling for months for a bipartisan budget deal. In speech after speech we have heard about the devastating consequences that sequester has on both defense and nondefense programs. If we are going to finish this year's appropriations process, we need a bipartisan budget deal based on parity that provides us relief from sequester. This amendment takes us in the opposite direction. I urge a ``no'' vote.  