President, my colleague from Illinois has addressed very clearly what some of the human consequences of this are going to be. I am going to take a few minutes as well to describe it. I am very pleased our colleague Senator Murray is here because she has really led the effort--and I have been very pleased to join her--in terms of trying to promote expanded health care services for vulnerable women in America.  I say to Senator Murray, I saw there was a comment made by some who advocate the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. They said: Nobody was going to get hurt--nobody in America was going to get hurt. The reality is, that is not true for the hundreds and hundreds of thousands of women who depend on Planned Parenthood for basic health care, for preventive health services, for essential services, for example, like cancer screens.  So this notion that somehow nobody is going to get hurt by repealing the Affordable Care Act is simply contradicted, from rural Oregon to rural Maine, when you see the kind of pain and suffering this is going to end up generating for some of the poorest and most vulnerable women in our country. The fact is, what has been set in motion by Republicans here in the Senate is a scheme that I call repeal and run. It is about very large tax breaks for the most fortunate, paid for by taking health insurance away from millions of working people. Under it, the insurance companies are back in the driver's seat, health care costs skyrocket across the board, and that is true even for those who get their insurance at work.  The replacement plan our colleagues on the other side have promised for years is somehow hidden away, with tens of millions of Americans in the dark about what is coming next for their health care.  Whenever I hear about the replacement, the whole notion of what would be there for families in the future, it reminds me of what used to be the old movie house in town. It had a big marquee up at the top of it, and it would always talk about the movie ``coming soon,'' but the movie never actually got there. When I hear about the replacement, what I think about is that everybody is going to be sitting in the dark again.  What is essentially at stake here is whether America is going to go back to the days when health care was for the healthy and the wealthy. That is what health care used to be all about. If you were healthy, no problems, nothing to worry about. If you were wealthy, you could just write out checks when you had a whole host of preexisting conditions.  What the Senate is going to vote on this week is whether to green-light the first step in this scheme to go back to the days when health care was for the healthy and wealthy with a budget resolution.  I think it is fair to say budget resolutions usually aren't the prime topic at dinner table conversations in America, but this year there are serious consequences--serious consequences--personal, life-and-death consequences because of this scheme that is being pushed through the Senate. That is where I believe the focus ought to be and why I am going to spend the remainder of my time talking about persons whose lives in Oregon are going to be directly affected and, in some cases, endangered.  Maleta Christian is from Douglas County, OR, a beautiful rural community. She is a personal support worker, providing care to adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities. She had always carried health insurance until she was unexpectedly laid off from her job. She was without coverage for more than a year, but then she was able to buy a plan through the Affordable Care Act.  For Maleta, having insurance meant cancer screenings that, very likely, saved her life. Doctors found tumors that had to be removed. Later, she was diagnosed with a degenerative hip and back problems that caused her pain every day, making it difficult to get through a physically demanding and grueling job.  Her prescription drug coverage, which she gets through a plan under the Affordable Care Act, is what makes it possible for Maleta to get up every morning and get through that workday. Thanks to the care she has received, Maleta made it to her daughter's wedding, and she was proud that she even baked the cake.  Another Oregonian, Rita from Salem, comes from a family who has been struggling with depression. It is a condition that has been stigmatized for far too long in this country.  I know something about this because my late brother, Jeff, faced the stigma of mental health. He was a schizophrenic, and he passed at far too early an age. Far too many of those with mental illness have been denied care and shunted to the fringes of society.  Before Rita got coverage through the Affordable Care Act, she was forced to pour a staggering share of her income into health-related expenses. It was nearly two-thirds in 2011. Even then, she didn't have access to the mental health treatments she needed. Her depression used to keep her out of work.  With coverage from the Affordable Care Act tax credits that made it affordable, Rita's costs have fallen substantially. She now gets the prescription and therapy that help her manage her condition, and she can live a healthier life.  Another of my constituents is Mary, who lives in Milwaukie, OR, with her husband and 7-year-old daughter. She has a hereditary disease known as HAE. It is a rare genetic condition that causes dangerous swelling, lasting days at a time, affecting various parts of the body. If Mary goes without treatment, attacks come on regularly, even multiple times a week. When they do, it is completely disabling.  Before she got insurance through the Affordable Care Act, she rotated through health plans and insurers to maintain coverage and avoid hitting caps on treatments. She sought out clinical studies to get free care, typically participating in one each year.  So on top of holding down a job, raising a daughter, battling a life-threatening condition that affects 1 in 50,000 Americans, she was basically out trying to cobble some decent health care together. The system was so badly broken, she basically sewed her own health care safety net, but the ACA protected patients like Mary from discrimination and guaranteed access to care.  These are three Oregonians. They come from different backgrounds, and they have battled different conditions, but they share a lot in common with each other and with people around the land.  Not long ago, in the eyes of insurance companies, the women who I just mentioned would have worn their preexisting conditions like scarlet letters. But the insurance they have now gives them the opportunity for healthier, more productive lives, and that is what is endangered because of the scheme that is being pushed through Congress, pushed through the Senate by Republicans right now.  Costs are going to shoot up if the plan goes forward. The premium subsidies millions of Americans count on to buy insurance could be eliminated. Even if Americans with preexisting conditions have access to health care after this repeal scheme goes through, it doesn't mean they can afford it.  What my colleagues on the other side have said repeatedly for years is that they were going to repeal and replace--no gap, no harm done to anybody. The replacement would be ready on day one.  It sure looks as though that promise is going to be broken. The replacement is still hidden somewhere, but the process of repeal is rolling forward. In the meantime, millions of Americans are left guessing what is going to happen to their care if this plays out.  The bottom line for me and my colleagues is really this. If Members on the other side want to debate how to solve this country's health care challenge, we will have that debate.  I would say to my colleagues on the other side: I have spent about as much time as anybody here in this body looking for bipartisan approaches to address health care. So let's find ways to bring down costs for families. Let's make prescription drugs more affordable. Let's uphold the promise of Medicare because that is what it is; it is a promise of guaranteed benefits. But we are not going to be able to do that on a partisan scheme called the budget resolution and reconciliation. That is not about bringing people together for a bipartisan effort. That is about tearing things down, tearing down the Affordable Care Act, so I want that understood.  My colleague Senator Murray is here. She and I work together closely because of our committees. We feel very, very strongly about how uniquely important this time is because this is a time when our country has to decide not to go back to the dark days when health care was reserved for the healthy and wealthy. That is what the other side has on offer right now. It is a proposition that my colleagues and I are going to fight with all our strength.  With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.  