President.  I thank my leader, Senator Schumer.  Colleagues, before morning, millions of Americans could be on their way to lives filled with healthcare misery, eye-popping cost increases, hollowed-out coverage, and gutted consumer protections.  Colleagues, there are already stories of Americans hoarding pills and clamoring for screenings because they fear what the future is going to bring. These are the Americans who took deep breaths of relief 7 years ago when the Affordable Care Act became law. Women were no longer penalized for their gender. Cancer survivors no longer had to worry about busting a limit on coverage and facing personal bankruptcy. Entrepreneurs with a big idea had the freedom to set out on their own, no longer tied to their employer insurance because they had a preexisting condition. Now all of them are looking at lives on hold.  The skinny repeal package makes a mockery out of the President's promise to lower premiums. He made that promise repeatedly to the American people: no reductions in coverage, no increases in premiums. This bill makes a mockery out of that Presidentialpledge. Don't take my word for it. The Congressional Budget Office--the independent umpires--have told us the premiums are going to jump 20 percent next year as a result of this bill. That goes into effect, colleagues, January 1 of this year. Some happy New Year: Your premiums have jumped through the roof.  Colleagues, vote for this and try to explain it to the people you represent and have them tell you that there is not going to be anything they can sacrifice to pay for that rate hike. Their wages are flat, they are on an economic tightrope, and they are going to have to have premium hikes with a 20-percent hit.  The Finance Committee is accountable for funds that are critical for women's health. This measure begins the effort to take away the right of women to go to the provider they choose. That, too, will be hard to explain to millions of Americans who simply want what we have: the right to make your own healthcare choices.  Colleagues, the damage may get worse. Skinny repeal could be the gateway drug to TrumpCare. We still don't know what is going to happen with Medicaid so seniors are worried, kids with special needs, disabled folks. If the Senate and the House head to a conference--that is a big ``if''--this body is going to face a radical set of demands from a very stubborn extreme on the other side of the Capitol.  My time has expired. I appreciate Leader Schumer getting me this time. The promises Senators have gotten to protect their constituents, those promises could well be in the trash can within 48 hours.  I urge my colleagues to think about what it is going to be like to go home and explain to their constituents how this misery--how this healthcare misery came to be a part of their lives every single day. I don't think they are going to be able to make the case.  I urge my colleagues to support Senator Murray on this motion to recommit.  I yield back.  