President, I was struck when Senator Menendez talked about the Senate Republican health bill being more for less. I think millions of Americans might say it is a classic bait-and-switch. After the horrible House bill was passed, Senate Republicans and the Trump administration promised something new. It would have more heart. It would be less mean. But essentially what they have done is doubled down on exactly what the American people rejected in the House bill--the secrecy, the fact that the breaks went to the fortunate few and the pain went to millions of Americans who needed nursing home care, who have youngsters with special needs, or who are disabled.  The fact is that the process Senate Republicans have used on this health reconciliation bill hasn't gone well. That is why they can't go forward with consideration of their healthcare bill this week. And it looks as though--I heard remarks from one of our senior colleagues early this afternoon--it looks as though the same darn thing is going to be used for tax reform. Once again, a bill processed behind closed doors, without any input from the other party--it looks as if that is the route that is going to be taken on tax reform. I think that is unfortunate.  I have made it very clear--very clear--to the Trump administration that the history of successful tax reform is bringing both sides in early and finding ways to secure principles that each side feels strongly about that the other can live with. There has been no such consultation--zero--with respect to this administration and Democrats on the Finance Committee.  I am struck, because I wrote, over the last decade, what are the only two bipartisan Federal comprehensive tax reform bills--first with our former colleague, the distinguished Senator from New Hampshire, Senator Gregg, and most recently with the new head of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, Senator Coats, and we have had no consultation on the substance of tax reform. That is a prescription for trouble. It is, in effect, walking away from the history that the only way to get a sustainable, bipartisan tax reform plan is to get both sides together, not do what is being discussed now openly in the media: that the Republican leadership and the Trump administration are going to write a tax bill and then just pop it on the American people in the fall. And I anticipate it will be more of the same in terms of stacking the deck dramatically in favor of the fortunate few.  I say this because we heard again what appears to be the plan of the Senate Republicans to kind of double down on the flawed strategy of healthcare, which is just to do it in secret and then expect to see if maybe they can get a couple of Democrats to go along. Then they can say: Oh, that is a bipartisan bill.  That is not a bipartisan bill.  A bipartisan bill is the kind of work that was done in 1986 with my predecessor, Senator Packwood, and Bill Bradley of New Jersey, who was another tall Democrat on the Finance Committee. A big group got together and worked out a bill that made sense, broadened the tax base, and gave everybody in America the chance to get ahead.  My hope is that over the next 2 weeks, in terms of defeating a flawed healthcare bill and showing that there needs to be a different path for tax reform, the American people will keep making those calls, keep tweeting, keep texting, keep going to rallies, keep going to meetings where healthcare providers get together and say: Look, this healthcare bill that Republicans are talking about does not work for us, and it does not work for our parents and our grandparents and youngsters and the disabled folks and those who need opioid services.  Again, I thank my colleagues from the Finance Committee. We have had something like eight colleagues participate in this over the last hour.  I would just say to the American people that the reason we have been able to hold off this horrendous Senate Republican healthcare bill is that grassroots America showed again that political change does not start at the top and trickle down but comes from the bottom-up. It was all of that citizen involvement that caused the Republican leadership to put this bill off, but it is a lock--an absolute lock--that it is going to come up again in a couple of weeks.  As I wrap up my remarks this afternoon, I hope that over the next 2 weeks, the American people will be loud, will come out to their elected officials' events, and will tell them what they are for and what they are against.  On behalf of the Senate Finance Democrats, I yield the floor.  