President, before he leaves the floor, I would like to thank Senator Cardin for his leadership on so many finance issues and especially for highlighting today, as part of this major debate on tax reform, the importance of infrastructure. The fact is, you cannot have big-league quality of life with little-league infrastructure.  My colleague has made the point that repatriation would be a natural as one of the two bookends for infrastructure. It would ensure that we would have some funds we could count on, some publicly available funds, and I think it would be a natural fit with the kind of bonding that Senator Hoeven and I and others have been interested in.  I am here to talk on another subject, but before he leaves, I would like to thank my colleague for his comments.  Mr. President and colleagues, it is fair to say that it is throwback Thursday here in the Senate. It is also a big day for the Treasury Secretary, Steve Mnuchin--not only because we are dealing with taxes, not only because there is another glamorous photo shoot with a big sheet of dollar bills, but this is also the 1-year anniversary of what has come to be known as the Mnuchin rule.  It was November 30, 2016, when news broke that Mr. Mnuchin was the likely nominee to head the Department of Treasury, and that morning, the Secretary-to-be went on TV and delivered what sounded like a very sweet promise. Here is what he said about the Trump administration's ideas for the issue we talk about tonight, tax reform. I am going to quote Steve Mnuchin directly. He said: ``Any reduction we have in upper-income taxes will be offset by less deductions so that there will be no absolute tax cut for the upper class.'' In case anybody missed that last part of his statement, he said ``no absolute tax cut for the upper class.'' And he didn't stop there. He went even further in hyping big plans he had. He said: ``When we work with Congress and we go through this, it will be very clear: This is a middle-income tax cut.''  This is all part of the anniversary, to kind of refresh everybody's memory.  After that pledge, I talked about this matter with Mr. Mnuchin during the Senate Finance Committee. He smiled. He was thrilled that I was recalling the pledge he made.  When I brought it up, I said: Well, we could just call this the Mnuchin rule.  Mr. Mnuchin, at that time, thanked me, and he said: There would be great esteem in having the Mnuchin rule with both the Buffett rule and the Volcker rule. He said: I take that as a great compliment.  So here we are a year later, and what a difference a year has made. The Mnuchin rule is now a broken promise for the history books.  This week, Republicans scramble to pass a tax plan that reaches into the pockets of working people in the middle class and showers trillions of dollars in handouts to multinational corporations, high-flyers, and the politically connected.  I think it is also important to remember that the Mnuchin rule wasjust one part of the sales pitch. Now there is a whole lot more to the con job.  Republicans have said time and again that the tax cuts would pay for themselves. Time and time again, we heard about the unicorns. We heard about the growth fairy. The magical growth will be so powerful that new revenue is going to come pouring in, and the tax cuts are going to be fully paid for.  In addition to that, I think it is important to recognize this on the special anniversary. The Secretary went even further. He said that the tax cuts wouldn't just pay for their $1.4 trillion cost, they would bring in, on top of the $1.4 trillion, an additional $1 trillion. Well, today--after pushing and making sure that we could get it before we actually had the key final votes--we were pleased to receive from the independent referee on taxation, the Joint Committee on Taxation, the official dynamic scoring analysis that they did of the Republicans' plan. Let's be clear, folks. Now that we have heard from the independent tax umpires, we can say officially that the magical growth fantasy is over.  I say that also in the context of bipartisanship, because in the course of writing the two bipartisan bills that I authored--first with Senator Gregg, second with Senator Coats--I said that I happen to believe that behavior matters. I believe a good, bipartisan tax reform bill will generate some revenue. And the Congressional Budget Office agreed with me. But it is not going to be fantasy land-type growth.  The reality is, after Mr. Mnuchin said that what was going to happen was that the Republican plan would pay for the $1.4 trillion cost and generate another $1 trillion on top of it, what we now know as a result of what I was sent today is that the Republican tax plan, even with dynamic growth factored in, actually loses more than $1 trillion.  There is other bad news on top of that. The Republican tax plan, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation, slows down economic growth after 2025.  So you put the kibosh on two major selling points that we heard about month after month after month from Republicans in selling this plan. The tax cuts don't pay for themselves, and there is no new wave of growth headed our way.  The party of Reagan is on a mad dash to run up the deficit by $1 trillion, slow down the economy, and raise taxes on more than half of the middle class. And the only analysis Republicans can get to back up their tax plan is either cooked up by the in-house staff at 1600 Pennsylvania or is based on revenue-neutral tax bills that don't even exist.  By the way, there is more news a year into Mr. Mnuchin's work. The Secretary promised a comprehensive analysis from the Treasury Department that would prove his claims, prove that there would be more growth, more jobs--red, white, and blue opportunities--for our people; that the tax cuts would pay for themselves or, as he said, would generate much more revenue than that. The Secretary of Treasury promised us that. He promised us that repeatedly, that we would get that analysis of what this bill would do for growth and jobs and improving the quality of life for our people. Let me tell you, that was another broken promise, yet one more in a chain of broken promises over the months and a particularly important one because the Treasury Secretary made some especially surprising projections, and, in effect, we asked him to back them up. He said he would, and now we know that not only is he not going to do it, apparently he had no intention to ever do it. Based on the news that broke this morning, as far as I can tell, Secretary Mnuchin never even asked his Department to do the comprehensive analysis of the bill that he promised. On top of that, his Treasury Department buried a recent paper that showed that the overwhelming beneficiaries of corporate tax cuts aren't workers, they are shareholders. They said it didn't agree with the Department's current thinking.  Let me be clear. I think it sounds like another part of the coverup at the Treasury Department.  Colleagues, a year ago, Secretary Mnuchin told the American people that there would be no absolute tax cut for the upper class. ``It will be very clear: This is a middle-income tax cut.'' Then he said that the tax cuts wouldn't just pay for themselves, that a trillion new dollars of Federal revenue would come pouring in. Not a single word of that has turned out to be true. The Mnuchin rule is the most expensive lie since George W. Bush stood on an aircraft carrier and said that the mission in Iraq was accomplished. And the idea that these tax cuts will pay for themselves isn't just a little off the mark, it is a trillion-dollar misfire.  What we have here is a con job on the middle class, and Secretary Mnuchin and his allies have covered it up every single step of the way.  My Democratic colleagues and I have said over and over again that we agree that the Tax Code is broken. We share our colleagues' view that there ought to be an opportunity for a bipartisan bill. And every single time I have spoken on this subject, I made it clear that it doesn't have to be this way.  In the beginning of the week, I joined 17 moderate Democratic Senators. Senator Donnelly said it very well--I mean, really an outpouring of enthusiasm for taking a bipartisan approach to do tax reform right. A bipartisan approach is not just some kind of pie-in-the-sky happy-talk; bipartisanship is what gets you the certainty and the predictability you need to grow private sector jobs that are good-paying and are driven by innovation. And I know it can be done.  I am glad to see that the Presiding Officer of the Senate here tonight is from the State of Indiana. One of the two bipartisan bills that I wrote was with one of his former colleagues, Senator Dan Coats, who is not just a very well-liked Member but is somebody who believes deeply in sensible economic policy. He was on the Finance Committee. We worked on this for a substantial amount of time.  You know what. It is not easy to write a bipartisan tax reform bill. You have to have some give-and-take. Senator Bradley would fly all over the country to work with Republicans to try to find common ground. Right now, we can't get people to even walk down the corridor to help put together a proposal.  It didn't have to be this way. We had opportunities for bipartisanship. It is something I feel very strongly about because I spent literally hundreds of hours with two very fine, very conservative Republican Senators in order to put together two actual bills--bills with bill numbers, bills that were proposed in the Senate.  But what a difference between that approach and what we have seen from Secretary Mnuchin--not a single effort--not one--from Secretary Mnuchin to talk specifics about what it would take to get a bipartisan approach.  Then we had, as I have noted tonight, these promises--promises of making sure the focus would be on the middle class, making sure it would generate additional revenue. It has been a trail of broken promises, when it could have been an opportunity to bring everybody together and to give everybody the opportunity to get ahead.  Well, one of my very favorite phrases is from the late Israeli diplomat Abba Eban, who said: Americans always get it right. He paused and said: After they have tried everything else. Well, my hope is that Secretary Mnuchin will see the error of his ways, see why the policies I have described aren't right for the American people, see why it is important for the administration to change course and push for what Democrats here have called for, a bipartisan approach, which our moderates eloquently spoke to this week. We have bills that can help guide us. I hope, in the future, we can break with the kinds of policies I have had to describe on the 1-year anniversary of the Mnuchin rule and decide that we are going to change course, have a tax policy that focuses on the middle class, puts money in their pockets, gives everybody a chance to get ahead, and that the Secretary will recognize that his claims about what the Republican tax bill is all about are not borne out by the facts.  I yield the floor.  