 I see that the chairman of the Finance Committee has arrived. He graciously said I could take another 5 minutes or so of our time.  Before we wrap up this part of our presentation, I want to point out that we have outlined how people who are dealing with the consequences of opioid addiction would be hurt by TrumpCare. We have outlined how seniors who are not yet eligible for Medicare are going to be hurt and how seniors who are now on Medicare are going to certainly be hurt by reducing access to nursing home benefits. Now I would like to wrap up by going to the other end of the age spectrum and talk for a moment about children.  Nearly half of Medicaid recipients are kids, and the program of the Republicans--now that we have two committees in effect out of chute with their proposals--restructures the program in the most arbitrary way, using these caps, shifting costs to States. And the reality is that Medicaid is a major source of help for children. There is early and periodic screening, diagnosis, and treatment benefits. But with reduced funding, the States are going to be forced to make difficult decisions about which benefits they can keep providing. States are going to be forced to reduce payments to providers, particularly for kids, providers such as pediatric specialists, and limit access to lifesaving specialty care.  My own sense is that this is shortsighted at best, and it is like throwing the evidence about children and their health needs in the trash can. Children receiving Medicaid benefits are more likely to perform better in school, miss fewer days of school, and pursue higher education.  Before I yield the floor to my good friend and colleague Chairman Hatch, I want to come back to what disturbs me the most about all of this. All of these dramatic changes to Medicare and Medicaid that strip seniors and some of our most vulnerable citizens are being made at the cost of hundreds of billions of dollars to these programs while, in effect, there is an enormous transfer of wealth given to the most fortunate in America in the two bills that were passed by the other body today in the committee. In effect, for example, people who make over $250,000 will not have to make the additional payments under the Medicare tax. If ever there were a group of people in America who doesn't need additional tax relief, it is those people.  As we wrap up this portion of the presentation, I want people to just think about looking at their paycheck. Every time you get a paycheck in America, there is a line for Medicare tax. Everybody pays it. It is particularly important right now because 10,000 people will be turning 65 every day for years and years to come.  What the tax provisions of this legislation mean--and they are part of hundreds of billions of dollars of tax cuts--for insurance executives making over $500,000 annually, there are yet additional juicy writeoffs, while seniors and those of modest means are going to bear the brunt of those reductions. Nothing illustrates it more than cutting the Medicare tax, colleagues.  I don't know how anyone can go home in any part of the country and say: You know, we are going to have to charge older people between 50 and 65 a lot more for their coverage, and by the way, insurance company executives making $500,000 a year are going to get more tax relief. I don't think it passes the smell test in America. It is reverse Robin Hood. There is no other way to describe it. It is transferring wealth from working families and those who are the most vulnerable. When working Americans see their paycheck and see the Medicare tax, I hope they remember that in this bill, the Medicare tax is reduced for only one group of people--people making more than $250,000 a year.  I want tax reform. The chairman of the Finance Committee knows that. I have introduced proposals to do that. But I don't know how we get tax reform when they are giving the relief to the people at the top of the economic ladder and it is coming out of the pockets of working people and working families. Everybody is going to be able to see it right on their paycheck, right there with the Medicare tax.  I think we will continue this debate, but on issue after issue, with the nominee on the floor, Ms. Verma, what she will do if confirmed is directly related to TrumpCare. For example, we told her in the committee that we wanted her to give one example--just one--of an idea to hold down pharmaceutical prices, which is something else that is important to older people.  TrumpCare, by the way, could have included proposals to try to help hold down the cost of medicine. Guess what, folks. On pharmaceutical prices, there is no there, there either. It doesn't do anything to help people.  This vote we will have on Tuesday is the first step in the discussion of how this particular nominee would handle the implementation of TrumpCare. Her job oversees Medicare payments to hospitals. It is really intertwined, this nomination and TrumpCare, and we couldn't get any responses to how she meets the needs of working families, as I just mentioned, with respect to pharmaceuticals, and we are pretty much in the dark with respect to how she would carry out her duties. As of now, we don't see how she is going to do much to try to eliminate some of the extraordinary harm that is going to be inflicted on the vulnerable and seniors on Medicare and Medicaid as a result of TrumpCare.  I reserve the remainder of my time, and I yield the floor.  