President, I listened to the remarks of my colleague, the distinguished Senator from Wyoming, and he said there were 70 hearings on taxes. I think it is important that the American people know that there was not one single hearing--not one--on this bill. There were no discussions of the specific provisions in this legislation. There was no hearing on the personal responsibility requirement in the Affordable Care Act, which is so essential to that law and to what we ought to be looking at strengthening in the years ahead with respect to cost containment. So I just want to set the record straight right at the outset of the debate. Since I have heard once again that there were 70 hearings, I think it is important that the American people know that there was not one on this bill.  Contrast this to 1986, when Democrats and Republicans got together and there were more than 20 hearings--more than 20 discussions on specifics about how to work together and find common ground on this enormously important issue.  The Senate is 20 hours of debate away from a broken promise of truly historic proportions. This was supposed to be the year that the working people of America regained a powerful voice in Washington. Instead of a strong voice, what they got was a big con job. If this Republican tax bill passes, Washington is going to reach into the pockets of working Americans and cut a big check to multinational corporations, to tax cheats, and to the politically powerful and well connected.  The bill before the Senate would enshrine an economic double standard that makes permanent second-class treatment of Americans who work hard and do their best day in and day out to provide for their families. For the cops, for the nurses, for the mechanics, and for those who work retail, this Republican tax plan is a big gamble. They don't get any special tax dodges--no Cayman Islands deals for them. Those folks are stuck clinging to the hope that they will not be among the millions hit with an immediate tax hike. Even for those lucky Americans who do see some benefit, there is bad news coming down the pike. All they get out of this Republican plan is the fleeting sugar high of temporary tax cuts.  That is not the case, though, for multinational corporations or powerful high fliers who wield big political power in this town. Under this tax plan, the basic message to them is this: You can pay what you want, when you want, and, if you are lucky--really lucky--you may pay hardly anything at all. That certainly is not what working people were promised in the fall 2016 campaign. That is not what Republicans have spent month after month telling Americans their tax plan would do. The Republican rhetoric doesn't match the reality of this tax plan, and every day we get frightening news reports about the harm it is going to do to working people and the middle class.  Just yesterday, I received a letter from the independent congressional tax experts known as the Joint Committee on Taxation, and they gave us really important information about the bill. Buried in one of those answers was information that ought to put a scare into millions of Americans who work hard every day to get ahead. This bill showers trillions of dollars on multinational corporations, but the fact is, these multinational corporations are already awash in cash. What it means, according to these independent congressional tax experts, is that interest rates are going up. The Federal Reserve will have to tighten the screws of the economy.  But here is the bottom line for what it means for a middle-class American in North Carolina, or Oregon, or anywhere else in the United States: If you want to buy a house, this bill is going to make it more expensive. If you want to buy a car, this bill is going to make it more expensive. If you want to get a credit card, this bill is going to make it more expensive. If you want to take out a student loan, this bill is going to make it more expensive.  It is not just harm for typical families. The cost of doing business is going to rise for the brewery owner or the tool-and-die maker who wants to build a new facility or purchase new equipment. They would like to hire new workers, but they will find that the money they need to do it is getting drained by higher interest rates.  In short, higher interest rates will wipe out the benefits of this bill for a lot of small businesses and add pain to the tax hikes that are going to hit millions of families. The only businesses and individuals who will not feel the effects I just described are those sitting on mountains of cash--those who will never need to borrow to get ahead. That is just one of the latest of truly frightening details about what this destructive bill would do.  If there was any doubt remaining, it is clear based on those tax experts that individual working Americans and families are going to be on the hook for handouts to multinational corporations.  Republicans have spent months shouting from the hilltops that they were bringing jobs back. The President made it a centerpiece of his campaign. Jobs are coming home, he said. Corporations that ship jobs overseas are going to be punished. The plight of so many mill and factory towns is over. It is too bad that those talking points from stump speeches and interviews never made it into the proposals on paper, because the tax plan that is actually before the Senate does the opposite.  Under the new notion of taxes for American companies overseas called the territorial system, corporations will get a bigger tax cut if they lay off their American workers here in the United States, pack up, and move abroad. It creates colossal new loopholes, a true bonanza of new tax gifts for the tax cheats, for the people who have sophisticated help to cut corners.  When it comes to international tax rules, my view is that the United States shouldn't get suckered into a race to the bottom with a bunch of no-tax, resort-lined islands to please the tax avoidance industry and their lobbyists. That is a truly expensive competition in terms of taxpayer dollars and jobs, but this Republican plan forces working Americans to pay up.  The tax experts we rely on here in the Congress make it clear that the Republican corporate tax scheme losesrevenue, but the individual tax changes raise revenue. That is a whole lot of tax lingo for saying that working people are going to get fleeced so that multinational corporations can pay a lot less.  Here is how it is going to work. More and more Americans will face a tax hike with every passing year. Stealthy tax tricks will force people into higher tax brackets over time, heaping a heavier burden on their shoulders. Millions of working Americans are going to lose their healthcare and the tax credits that make insurance affordable for them and their family. Put all together, it is an immense amount of money being taken from people who are already walking an economic tightrope--an economic tightrope in North Carolina and Oregon and everywhere else--where they balance food costs against the fuel bill and the fuel bill against the cost of housing. An immense amount of money is being taken from them and being handed to multinational corporations that ship jobs overseas.  This is not a plan to create red, white, and blue jobs. This is not a plan to turn the lights back on in factories that went dark many years ago. This is a plan to sell out millions of Americans--American workers and their families--and the damage will get even worse when the deficit climbs into the stratosphere.  As I begin to touch on the deficit, I want to note that it didn't have to be this way. I wrote two fully bipartisan Federal income tax reform bills with our colleagues. I believe they were here before the Senator from North Carolina joined us: Dan Coats, now the head of national intelligence, and Judd Gregg, the former Republican chair of the Budget Committee. The three of us--Senator Gregg first, then Senator Coats--made changes to ensure that American companies could be competitive for red, white, and blue jobs. We understood that you had to have a competitive rate to grow those companies. But we certainly didn't create new breaks for shipping jobs overseas, and--because I am going to touch on the deficit now--our proposal was revenue neutral.  So it didn't have to be this way. That is what Senator Manchin and Senator Kaine said yesterday, along with 17 Democrats. We wanted a bipartisan alternative that didn't create new incentives for shipping jobs overseas and that didn't jack up the deficit, but I certainly was surprised when I saw early on that Senate Republicans, who had given so many speeches on their concern about the deficit, said: It is kind of OK with us if we have a net deficit of $1.5 trillion. And as the Joint Committee on Taxation has essentially indicated to me, it would be higher than that.  All of the deficit hawks in the Republican Party just flew away. That was surprising because it seems like just yesterday when the Congress couldn't buy lunch without a whole cast of Republican deficit hawks doing some pretty serious hollering about the deficit. But based on history, what is coming next is pretty predictable. We have seen the movie before. The deficit hawks come flying back after ideas like the one we are looking at in the Senate become law. We have already heard the Speaker say, what is next? Entitlement reform, which means Medicare, Medicaid, and anti-hunger programs.  The Speaker said that is what is next. That is next on the docket. Everybody listening ought to know that is code for attack, and it is multiple fronts on these kinds of programs for the most vulnerable people in our country--the lifeline programs, the safety net programs I have just described. What we are going to hear, because this is the script from earlier movies, is we have these big deficits. Oh, my goodness. There is a lot of red ink. America can't afford the safety net. They will say we have to do something. Instead of being willing to go after the people at the top, history says the people who really face the burden of those deficit reductions are the most vulnerable.  The first big legislative push after the Bush tax cuts, for example, was an all-out assault on Social Security. The fact that it was stopped doesn't mean Medicare or Medicaid or other safety net programs like Social Security are going to be safe this time around.  The policy on offer, in my view, is simply a disaster. It makes a mockery of the approach Ronald Reagan took with a big group of Democrats. I know so many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle admire President Reagan greatly. This bill is the opposite of what President Reagan did.  What President Reagan did is he said to those big multinational corporations: I have to ask you to give up some money in order to make sure the middle class, the individual ratepayer, will get a fair shake.  This is just the opposite--180 degrees away from what Ronald Reagan did. We are going to have an amendment on the middle class pretty soon, but what could be more stark than the fact that the tax cuts for the multinationals are permanent, and the relief for the middle class is temporary. This bill is the opposite, the total opposite, of what Ronald Reagan worked on in 1986.  Our colleague Senator Enzi--and I have worked with him often, and I am sad to see us have such differing views on this--said we have had 70 hearings. I can tell you, the once storied Senate Finance Committee never even attempted once to craft a bipartisan bill. We said for months that was our preference. That was what was stated in the letter the vast majority of Senate Democrats signed. That is what we said when we were invited to the White House to meet with the President. We said it repeatedly.  I mentioned the two bills I wrote. They are the only two bipartisan Federal income tax reform bills--the only two we have had since 1986. By the way, they didn't go as far as Ronald Reagan went. Ronald Reagan, in 1986, said, for purposes of taxes, a dollar is a dollar is a dollar.  We are going to have the same rate for those who make money on investments that we do for those cops and nurses who get that wage, that ordinary income. I have indicated on the floor that Senator Bradley, former New York Knick--and as I like to say, another tall Democrat who served on the Senate Finance Committee with a much better jump shot than mine--is incredulous at this process. He is just slack-jawed when he asks about what is being done to bring both sides together. Senator Bradley, and others on the Republican side, in 1986, flew all over the United States to get together with senior Republicans and Jim Baker, Richard Dorman, and others to talk about the specifics of getting bipartisan tax reform together. You hear the stories, and you see that is the way you tackle an issue like this. Bill Bradley flew all over the country to work with Republicans to get a bipartisan tax reform bill. Right now, the majority on the Senate Finance Committee wouldn't walk down the corridor of the Dirksen building once to talk about anything resembling how we would put together a bipartisan proposal. So the process we have seen here makes a mockery out of Reagan-style reform.  Some have asked, was this foreordained, did it have to be. I have already made it clear that I don't think it had to be. It is hard work putting together a bipartisan bill. Senator Gregg, for example, when he was in the Senate, I think was one of Leader McConnell's top economic advisers--chairman of the Budget Committee. We used to say in our house, Judd Gregg is scary smart. We sat next to each other in chairs in our office for almost 2 years to put together a bill. It is heavy lifting, but it can be done. A lot of that work was brought into other efforts since then--the question of the Bush proposal, bipartisan commissions, or a variety of other ones. It is pretty hard to do when the majority leader says, on the first day, the very first day out, we are going to use the most partisan process--budget reconciliation and, in effect, say: What we are telling the other party is we don't want your ideas because we don't need your votes. Sometimes it got almost a little ridiculous because I know there were times when statements were made by the Republican leadership that no Democrats were interested in bipartisan tax reform, despite the fact that in the few instances where a White House official would call and ask our opinion, Senate Democrats would meet. That was the point of the press conference that was held yesterday with 17 Democrats from various parts of the country, as well as legislation I have described that was written.  By the way, in the work product Republicans finally produced, they tooksome of the ideas from the bipartisan bills; for example, increasing the standard deduction, but we tripled the standard deduction without any takeaways, like the State and local deduction or the permanent exemptions, and what that meant is, in the bipartisan bills, if you passed something like that, people adjust their wages, and immediately working-class folks get hundreds and hundreds of dollars more in every paycheck. Not only were there no discussions--and I have seen Republican Senators stand out on the floor sometimes and hold up a sign: What we are doing is the Wyden-Coats bill. Nothing could be further from the truth, whether it is on the international provisions I mentioned or the personal provisions. I was so proud to stand with Senate Democrats in a meeting yesterday put together by Senators Manchin and Kaine, once again, stating that it doesn't have to be this way.  What is the rush to take taxes for multinational corporations from 35 to 20 percent? Back when I was working with Senator Gregg and Senator Coats, the Republicans, we didn't have multinational corporations saying we should go to 20 percent. The difference between 25 and 20 percent is $500 billion.  My colleagues yesterday were saying--moderate Democrats--we are serious about tax reform, both on the individual and the corporate side, but it ought to be based on bipartisan give-and-take, not something like we have seen.  Republicans in Congress and the administration's top salesmen have spent months and months telling the American people that in the long run, their bill is going to pay for itself with explosive growth. They had cheerleaders, those who cooked up these phony growth forecasts based on revenue-neutral reform proposals that don't exist. Respected economists will tell you tax cuts don't pay for themselves. In fact, when we had a chance to have some discussion not about a specific bill but some ideas about taxes, the Republican economists who were before the Finance Committee said the tax cuts wouldn't pay for themselves.  The honest predictions say that any growth caused by this bill is going to be modest. After they have spent years insisting--I can't tell you how many times I heard this--that we would have dynamic scores, Republican Senators are rushing the independent scorekeepers to try to get a thorough analysis, but we don't have it as we are on this floor debating the bill.  Finally, we ought to forget that this bill has been getting a rewrite behind closed doors for weeks now. A number of my colleagues on the other said what was important to them is we have what is called regular order. Regular order is probably not a concept people talk about in too many coffee shops unless they traditionally get eggs or toast or something, but what it means is, you have a process where both sides work together, and you have a chance to discuss ideas and differing approaches or offers. We haven't had anything like that. We haven't had an open process with open debate and real amendments. What we have seen is a mad dash to pass a bill that can't stand scrutiny in broad daylight. If this bill really got scrutinized and had a chance to be examined, we would see a lot of Americans coming to their Senators and saying: Senator, no way--no way--should you support that bill.  What is on offer is a plan to force working people and working-class families to pay for handouts to multinational corporations and tax cheats. This bill does not deserve to pass. My view is, it really doesn't deserve the ink that was used to print it on paper. The process that has culminated in this scramble to drive this through, drive it through with the most arbitrary process imaginable, I consider shameful.  With that, I yield the floor.  