President, I want to pick up where Senator Murray left off and emphasize to colleagues that not only would this bill raise taxes on millions of middle-class families, but it would also be a dagger in the heart of the Affordable Care Act, causing millions to lose their coverage and raise costs for millions more. By gutting the personal responsibility portion of the Affordable Care Act, this legislation is going to take America back to the days when healthcare was for the healthy and wealthy because it will green-light once more discriminating against those with preexisting conditions. It will say the insurance companies can go out and beat the stuffing out of somebody who has a preexisting condition.  If that is not enough, evidence this morning in the paper shows that this will trigger a new wave of health insurance scams and rip-offs that are going to harm our people. This morning in the paper, they talked about how this is going to encourage these cheap, junk, short-term health insurance policies, which often lack consumer protections and in so many instances have been a magnet for fraud and unscrupulous sales practices.  For example, the paper this morning talked about how--I will read it. ``Examples abound of people who are dumped from such policies''--these short-term policies--``or denied coverage, mired in debt and medical bills totaling thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars.'' It documents the various sales tactics used to rip people off. I remember what those tactics were like. When I was director of the senior citizens, the Gray Panthers, at home, it was common for agents to sell policy after policy that was not worth much more than the paper it was written on. It sure sounds to me as though these short-term policies, while a different time, are going to encourage the same kinds of rip-off practices that are going to harm our people.  As we have touched on, we have heard from Senators on the other side that they think that if they vote for this bill, what they are going to be able to do is get two other bills that somehow will mitigate, will eliminate a lot of the harm this horribly flawed bill is going to do. It is going to harm millions of middle-class families who don't get a fair shake in the marketplace and then inflict all this damage on healthcare that I just described.  I happen to think these two bills are constructive bills. 