President, here we are, with our colleagues on their way home, and I thought it would be helpful to take a minute and give an assessment of where the TrumpCare debate is at this point because we have seen the two major committees in the House act. Some $300 billion was slashed from safety net health programs, while insurance company executives making over $500,000 annually were given a juicy tax break as a bonus.  To put this into perspective, this tax break that the insurance companies' CEOs seem to have after two committees in the other body have acted on TrumpCare--the amount of the bonuses for the insurance company executives would be enough to cover the TrumpCare-created shortfall in Oregon's community-based services for the elderly and the disabled two or three times over.  What we are talking about is how hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks are going to the fortunate few and special interests, while some of the money is coming from stealing a chunk of those dollars from the Medicare trust fund. And this is very much intertwined with the nominee's work because she would be overseeing Medicare payments to rural hospitals in places like Louisiana and Oregon.  What I am going to turn to now is what TrumpCare, based on these two committees, means for rural areas. And, of course, it repeals the Medicaid expansion. It caps the Medicaid Program. In my own view, and I know the Senator from Louisiana knows a lot about healthcare, in rural communities--and most of our towns are under 10,000 in population. I am from southeast Portland. I love southeast Portland. The only regret is I didn't get to play for the Portland Trail Blazers. Most of the communities in our State are under 10,000 in population. As the Senator from Louisiana knows, we are talking about critical access facilities. We are talking about sole community hospitals. We are talking about the facilities that deal with acute care.  During the last major break over the President's holiday, I started what is going to be a yearlong effort for me, and I called it the rural healthcare listening tour. It is eye-popping to have those rural healthcare providers who in my State have worked so hard to find ways to get beyond turf and battles, to work together--the hospitals, the doctors, the community health centers, and the like. They have built an extraordinary effort that helps to wring more value out of scarce dollars. Their programs are based on quality, not on volume.  By the way, they are a huge source of economic growth and jobs for our rural communities. I spent the President's Day recess, and the next major recess as well getting out and listening to them. The verdict from Oregon's healthcare providers, who have worked very hard at being innovative, trying to make better use of what are called nontraditional services, said these kinds of cuts are not an option if you want to meet the needs of so many who have signed up as a result of the Medicaid expansion.  TrumpCare ends the Medicaid expansion, rolling back Federal matching funds in 2020. The rural hospitals in my State are frequently the only healthcare provider available for hundreds of miles. The Medicaid expansion helped these hospitals keep their doors open.  I don't think it is hard to calculate why the hospitals are speaking out against the flood approach of TrumpCare. They have a lot of facilities in rural areas that are already on tight margins. If these communities lose the ability to cover needy people, some of the essential hospitals--and I just described three types of them--are going to have to close, and the reality is going to be that patients aren't going to have any doctor anywhere nearby.  Understand, if the majority insists on ramrodding TrumpCare through--and at this point we have, I believe--staff just told me that there aren't any budget estimates. As of now, the Congressional Budget Office is tasked with providing accurate assessments of the budget implications. There are not any budget implications.  So here is the latest. It comes from media that I think is not considered by many Trump supporters to be a purveyor of fake news. This comes from FOX News. They said: Unknown in the new healthcare plan, unknown in TrumpCare--the cost. How many lose or gain insurance?  I am very pleased that my colleague from New Hampshire has come to join me because some of this, I would say to my friend from New Hampshire, leaves you incredulous because this comes from FOX News. FOX News is hardly a source for what many Trump supporters would consider fake news. FOX News is asking the question because they are saying it is unknown. It is unknown in the new healthcare plan, Senator Shaheen, according to FOX News. The cost is unknown, and how many lose or gain insurance is unknown.  I would say to my colleagues, because my friend from Louisiana has joined the Finance Committee, and I remember welcoming him and Senator McCaskill, our new members. My colleague from Louisiana is a physician and is very knowledgeable about these issues. I don't know how you have a real healthcare debate in America--and I have been working on this since I was director of the Gray Panthers at home back in the days when I had a full head of hair and rugged good looks. When we would start a debate, nobody would consider starting it without having an idea of costs or how many lose or gain insurance. How much more basic, I say to Senator Shaheen, does it get than that? Are these ``gotcha'' questions? Are these alternative facts? Are these people who are hostile to conservatives? I think not. FOX News--unknown in the new healthcare plan.  I have been outlining what this means in terms of the transfer of wealth from working families in New Hampshire and Oregon to the most fortunate in our country--people who make $250,000 or more. They are actually going to be the only people in America who get their Medicare tax cut. So you have this enormous transfer of wealth, what I call the reverse Robin Hood: taking from the working people and giving to the fortunate few.  After two committees have now acted in the other body--two committees have acted--FOX News says the big questions are outstanding. The Senator from New Hampshire knows a lot about rural healthcare. I was just outlining to my colleagues what this means for critical access hospitals, sole community hospitals, acute care facilities. These are the centerpieces of many rural communities, the essence of rural life. You can't have rural life without rural healthcare.  Here we are on Thursday afternoon--with many of our colleagues out there tackling jet exhaust fumes heading home--and the big questions, according to FOX News, are outstanding.  I am very pleased the Senator is here. As usual, she is very prompt and appreciated.  I look forward to her remarks.  