President and colleagues, today the Senate turns to consider the nomination of Seema Verma to be the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.  I would be the first to say that in coffee shops across the land, people are not exactly buzzing about the office known as CMS, but the fact is, this is an agency that controls more than a trillion dollars in healthcare spending every year. Even more important and more relevant right now, if confirmed, and if TrumpCare somehow gets rammed through the Congress over loud and growing opposition, this is going to be a major issue on her plate right at the get-go.  I thought it would be useful to just give one example of the connection involved in this legislation. TrumpCare cuts taxes for the special interests and the fortunate few by $275 billion, stealing a chunk of it from the Medicare trust fund that pays for critical services to the Nation's older people.  If TrumpCare passes and Ms. Verma is confirmed, under section 132 of the bill, she would be able to give States a green light to push the very frail and sick into the high-risk pools that have historically failed at offering good coverage to vulnerable people at a price they can afford. Under section 134 of TrumpCare, Ms. Verma would be in charge of deciding exactly how skimpy TrumpCare plans would be and how much more vulnerable people would be forced to pay out of their pockets for the care they need.  Under section 135 of the bill, if confirmed, Ms. Verma could be paving the way for health insurers to make coverage more expensive for older people approaching retirement age.  Given all that, I want Members to understand there is a real link between this nomination and the debate about TrumpCare, and this is, in effect, the first discussion we have had about TrumpCare since these bills started to get moving without any hearings and getting advanced in the middle of the night.  The odds were against Republicans writing a single piece of legislation that would make healthcare more expensive, kick millions off their coverage, weaken Medicare and Medicaid, and produce this Robin Hood in reverse, this huge transfer of wealth from working people to the fortunate. Nobody thought you could do all of that at the same time, but somehow the majority found a way to do it. Republicans are rushing to get it passed before the American people catch on.  As part of this debate about Seema Verma, we are going to make sure people understand this nomination is intertwined with what happens in the discussion about TrumpCare and how these particularly punitive provisions with respect to Medicare and Medicaid would affect our people.  For 7 years, my colleagues on the other side have pointed to the Affordable Care Act as pretty much something that would bring about the end of Western civilization and, at a minimum, would basically continue a system responsible for every ill in our healthcare system. That was the argument. The Affordable Care Act is responsible for just about every ill and will practically be the end of life as we know it.  Their slogan was to ``repeal and replace,'' and it was a slogan they rode through four elections to very significant success. The only problem was, it was really repeal and run, and that replacement was nowhere in sight. Now the curtain has been lifted. The lights are shining on TrumpCare, and it sure looks to me like there are a lot of people not enjoying the movie. TrumpCare goes back to the days when healthcare in America mostly worked for the healthy and the wealthy.  We have a lot of debate ahead, so we are not going to just lay it all out here in one shot.  I do want to mention some key points on the roll that Ms. Verma, if confirmed, would play. I want to start by addressing what this means in terms of dollars and cents.  If you look at the fact that the Medicare tax, which everybody pays every single time they get a paycheck, and that money is used to preserve this program that is the promise of fairness to older people--the Medicare tax would be cut for only one group of Americans in this bill. I find this a staggering proposition. The people who need it the least, couples with incomes of over $250,000, people who need it the least would be given relief from the Medicare tax--not working families, just the wealthy.  As I indicated, we are talking all told about $275 billion worth of tax cuts to the special interests and the fortunate few, and it is largely paid for by taking away assistance to working people to help, for example, pay for their premiums.  I brought up the ACA Medicare payroll tax for a reason because I think when Americans look at their next paycheck--if you are a cop or a nurse and you get paid once or twice a month and you live, say, in Coos Bay, OR, or in Medford, another Oregon community, you will see it on your paycheck. If you are a cop or a nurse, no tax relief for you, but if you make over $250,000--on a tax that is used to help strengthen Medicare's finances, at a time when we are having this demographic revolution--the relief goes to people right at the top, and you reduce the life expectancy of the trust fund for 3 years.  The first thing I will say with respect to what this means, the provision I have just outlined breaks a clear promise made by then-Candidate Trump not to harm Medicare.  I remember these commercials--we all saw scores and scores of them--Candidate Trump said to America's older people--many of whom voted for him, I think, to a great extent because they heard this promise--he said: You know, you have worked hard for your Medicare. We are not going to touch it. We are not going to mess with it.  When the President was asked about cutting Medicare, here is what he said: Medicare is a program that works. People love Medicare, and it is unfair to them. I am going to fix it and make it better, but I am not going to cut it.  The President of the United States said he is not going to cut it.  Well, that promise not to harm Medicare lasted 6\1/2\ weeks into the Trump administration so the wealthy--the wealthy--could get a tax reduction, the fortunate few who need it least, andthe effect would be to cut by 3 years the life of the Medicare trust fund.  I think that ought to be pretty infuriating and concerning for people who work hard--cops and nurses and people who are 50, 55, 60 today. They are counting on Medicare to be around when they retire, but because TrumpCare made it a focus to give tax relief to the fortunate few, that tax relief cuts 3 years off the life of the Medicare trust fund.  If that wasn't enough, people who are 50, 55, 60, before Medicare, they are going to get another gut punch. This one is in the form of higher costs.  In parts of my home State--particularly in rural areas like Grant County, Union County, and Lake County--I am sure I am going to hear about this. I have townhall meetings in each one of my counties. A 60-year-old who makes $30,000 a year--now those are the people we have long been concerned about, particularly people between 55 and 65 because they are not yet eligible for Medicare.  A 60-year-old, in communities like I just mentioned, who makes $30,000 a year, could see their costs go up $8,000 or more. The reason that is the case is a big part of TrumpCare. It is based on something we call an age tax.  Back in the day when I was the director of the Oregon Gray Panthers--and I was really so fortunate at a young age to be the director of the group for close to 7 years--we couldn't imagine something like the hit on vulnerable older people that this age tax levies. Republicans want to give the insurance companies the green light to charge older Americans five times as much as they charge younger Americans. The reality is that older people are going to pay a lot more under TrumpCare. That is what we were trying to prevent all those years with the Gray Panthers. We didn't want to see older people pay more for their healthcare, the way they are going to under TrumpCare if they are 50 or 55 or 60.  I think the real question is whether they are going to be able to afford insurance at all. The reality is that a lot of those older people whom I have just described--and I have met them at my townhall meetings--every single week they are walking on an economic tightrope. They balance their food costs against their fuel costs and their fuel costs against their rent costs. Along comes TrumpCare and pushes them off the economic tightrope where they just won't be able to pay the bills, particularly older people in rural areas.  So the reality is that it is expensive to get older in America, and we ought to be providing tools to help older people. But what TrumpCare does is, instead of giving tools to older people to try to hold down the costs, TrumpCare basically empties the toolbox of assistance and basically makes older people pay more.  Next, I want to turn to the Medicaid nursing home benefit. Working with senior citizens, I have seen so many older people--the people who are on an economic tightrope, who are scrimping and saving--even as they forego anything that wouldn't be essential, burn through their savings. So when it is time to pay for nursing home care, they have to turn to Medicaid. The Medicaid Program picks up the bill for two out of every three seniors in nursing homes.  Now, today the Medicaid nursing home benefit comes with a guarantee. I want to emphasize that it is a guarantee that our country's older people will be taken care of. All of those folks--the grandparents whom we started working for in those Gray Panther days--had an assurance that grandparents wouldn't be kicked out on the street. TrumpCare ends that guarantee.  You could have State programs forced into slashing nursing home budgets. You could see nursing homes shut down and the lives of older people uprooted. We could, in my view, have our grandparents that are depending on this kind of benefit get nickeled and dimed for the basics in home care that they have relied on.  When it comes to Medicaid, TrumpCare effectively ends the program as it exists today, shredding the healthcare safety net in America. It doesn't only affect older people in nursing homes. It puts an expiration date--a time stamp--on the Medicaid coverage that millions of Americans got through the Affordable Care Act. For many of those vulnerable persons, it was the first time they had health insurance. So what TrumpCare is going to come along and do is to put a cap on that Medicaid budget and just squeeze them down until vulnerable persons' healthcare is at risk.  If low-income Americans lose their coverage through Medicaid, it is a good bet that the only TrumpCare plans they will be able to afford are going to be worth less than a Trump University degree.  I want to move next to the effects of the bill on opioid abuse. Clearly, by these huge cuts to Medicaid, TrumpCare is going to make America's epidemic of prescription drug abuse-related deaths even worse. Medicaid is a major source of coverage for mental health and substance use disorder treatment, particularly after the Affordable Care Act, but this bill takes away coverage from millions who need it. We have had Republican State lawmakers speaking out about this issue as well as several Members of the majority in the Congress.  Colleagues, just about every major healthcare organization is telling the Congress not to go forward with the TrumpCare bill--physicians, hospitals, AARP--that is just the beginning. But the majority is just charging forward, rushing to get this done as quickly as possible.  We are going to have more to say about these issues.  I see my colleagues here.  To close, just by intertwining, how this appointment is going to be a key part of the discussion of TrumpCare revolves around the questions we asked Ms. Verma.  For example, I was trying to see if this bill would do anything to help older people hold down the cost of medicine. Now we have heard the new President talk about how he has all kinds of ideas about controlling the cost of medicine. Here was a bill that could have done something about it.  I see my colleagues, Senator Stabenow and Senator Cantwell.  I said to the nominee: I would be interested in any idea you have--any idea you have--to hold down the cost of medicine. On this side we have plenty of ideas. We want to make sure that Medicare could bargain to hold down the cost of medicine. We have been interested in policy to allow for the importation of medicine. We said: Let's lift the veil of secrecy on pharmaceutical prices.  I asked Ms. Verma: How about one idea--just one--that you would be interested in that would help older people with their medicine costs. She wouldn't give us one example.  I am going to go through more of those kinds of questions, because the reality is--and I see Senators Stabenow and Cantwell here--that what we got in the committee was essentially healthcare happy talk. Every time we would ask a question, she would say: I am for the patients; I want to make sure everybody gets good care.  So I thank my colleagues, and I yield for Senator Cantwell.  