President, there are communities across this country that are still waiting for the recovery from the great recession to show up. In many of those towns and cities, the storefronts are boarded up, the factories are shuttered, and, in what could be the most lasting scar of the crisis, homes--many homes--have been foreclosed. A lot of people in those communities cast their votes in November based on a Trump message that real change was coming.  Heads are going to be spinning tonight with the news from the Senate. In just a few minutes, this body will vote to confirm as Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, known by many as the ``foreclosure king.'' That is whom the President chose as his Treasury Secretary. Mr. Mnuchin turned the bank he bought into a cash cow, and they set a land speed record for foreclosures.  I have supported nominees for this position from both parties. I voted for Paul O'Neill. I voted for John Snow, and Hank Paulson, who served under President George W. Bush. I don't expect to see eye to eye on each issue with every Treasury Secretary. I do expect to have confidence that the Treasury Secretary is going to work on behalf of all Americans--all Americans--and not just the well healed, not just the fortunate, not just the powerful.  After considering Mr. Mnuchin's qualifications and background, I just don't believe he would be that kind of Treasury Secretary. In Mr. Mnuchin's response to questions from members of the Finance Committee, he denied that his bank, OneWest, engaged in a practice known as robo-signing. The public record says that is just dead wrong. In fact, a OneWest vice president who worked under Mr. Mnuchin, Erica Johnson-Seck, admitted under oath that she ran an office that churned out roughly 6,000 sets of foreclosure documents a week.  She said she personally signed more than 750 disclosure documents a week without even reading them, and there was no notary present during the process. That is a violation of the law. When asked how much time she spent executing each foreclosure document, Ms. Johnson-Seck replied:       I changed my signature considerably. It's just an E now. So      not more than 30 seconds.  Now, on the eve of the Finance Committee mark-up for Mr. Mnuchin, the Columbus Dispatch in Ohio reported documented examples of robo-signing in Ohio. Now, on the eve of Mr. Mnuchin's confirmation vote in the Senate, another such story has broken. This time it is in the State of Washington, more evidence of robo-signing that directly contradicts what Mr. Mnuchin told the Finance Committee and the public.  Mr. Mnuchin also withheld foreclosure data requested by two Democratic members of the Finance Committee, Senators Brown and Casey. He did, apparently, give similar information to Senator Heller, one of the committee's Republican members. That is on top of $100 million worth of property and more than a dozen positions with various business entities missing from his disclosures to the Finance Committee.  My own view is, if not for the committee's minority investigations team, I don't believe any of that information, none of it--$100 million, the other disclosures--would have ever come to light.  I am going to turn from missing disclosures and misleading testimony to a broken promise. The day after news of Mr. Mnuchin's nomination was leaked, he appeared on television and, in effect, debuted a new tax policy. I have come to call it the Mnuchin rule, and I will quote Mr. Mnuchin directly with respect to what he said.  Mr. Mnuchin said: ``Any reductions we have in upper income taxes would be offset by less deductions, so there would be no absolute tax cut for the upper class.''  I will repeat the last part of the Mnuchin rule: ``no absolute tax cut for the upper class.''  When I first called this the Mnuchin rule during the Finance Committee's hearing on his nomination, Mr. Mnuchin said he took it as a great compliment, comparing it to the Volcker rule and the Buffett rule. Well, you would think a fellow who proudly embraced having a rule named after himself would actually stick to it.  The Mnuchin rule didn't last for very long before it was abandoned. The very first act of the 115th Congress in a unified Republican government, repealing the Affordable Care Act, would shatter the Mnuchin rule. Then it is set to take another hit later this year. That is with the majority working on plans to fast-track a second, even bigger tax break for those who are the most fortunate. The Trump plan, in fact, would hit millions of middle-income families with tax increases by wiping out key personal exemptions and eliminating head of household filing status.  So I want to be really clear what this means to people in Oklahoma and Oregon and all across the country, working families: Working families would get hurt by the Trump plan. They would lose key personal exemptions. They would eliminate the head of household filing status while those who were more fortunate would be in a position to get tax breaks, additional tax breaks beyond what they already have in the Tax Code.  The fact is, the Tax Code today is a tale of two systems. For the firefighter in Coos Bay, OR, or the retail worker in Roseburg, your taxes come straight out of each and every paycheck. That is the way it works in Oklahoma, the way it works all across the country. The Tax Code for working people is compulsory. Once or twice a month, your taxes come directly out of your paycheck--no special dodges, no special loopholes. Nobody is able to hide their pay in a Cayman Islands account if they are a firefighter or a retail worker.  But there is a very different Tax Code in America for the well-connected and the powerful. They have a whole array of lawyers and accountants who specialize in helping them shrink their tax bills. And with the right advice, the fact is, those people can, to a great extent, decide what they are going to pay, when they are going to pay it, and sometimes be in a position to not pay much, if anything at all.  The fact is, the tax system today punishes working Americans because it treats them very differently than it treats the most fortunate. And the administration and the majority in Congress don't seem to be doing much in terms of fixing this disparity.  The Mnuchin rule just hasn't held up. It is beyond being on the ropes. It is not going anywhere at all. In fact, the early proposals only make this extraordinary unfairness, the unfairness at the heart of America's Tax Code, even worse.  So what we have is another Trump nominee who, in my view, doesn't meet the test of standing up for working families in those communities all across the country who are waiting for economic recovery to show up in their neighborhood. They are the ones who have seen the factory close and seen the foreclosures and seen their neighbors laid off. And they would like to see people in these positions advocate for them, advocate for them because they need somebody who is going to stand up for them, and they were told in the campaign that is what they were going to get.  The fact is, Mr. Mnuchin is yet another Trump nominee who, instead of standing up for those working families, has a different set of priorities and, in addition to that, has the ethics alarm bells sounding.  He appears to be withholding information requested by Members of this body. My view is, he misled the Finance Committee and the public about his bank's foreclosure tactics. The Mnuchin rule--the first promise he made, the very first promise he made on policy, which he was proud to have described as a rule named after him, already has been broken.  So I am not going to be supporting Mr. Mnuchin to lead the Treasury Department. I urge my colleagues as well to reject this appointment.  I yield the floor.  