 As we have been saying, this is very much intertwined with the Seema Verma nomination because what we learned in the committee is, in Indiana, where she touts her pioneering work, if somebody had an inability to pay for a short period of time, they would be locked out of the program. So in terms of Medicaid, this is going to cause a real hardship.  I had already outlined that it is going to cause a hardship in another program that is important to New Hampshire, and that is Medicare, because we are implementing what is called the MACRA, the new reimbursement system for doctors. We asked her questions about rural care, and she didn't know the answer either.  I particularly wanted my colleague to walk us through this situation with respect to how New Hampshire residents are going to see TrumpCare as it relates to opioid addiction after they have all these grandiose promises and the many debates and commercials.  I thought I would ask if my colleague has time for one other question.  In New Hampshire, as in Oregon, we have a lot of seniors. It looks to me as if somebody who is, say, 58 years old or 62 years old is just going to get hammered by what we call the age tax because in these bills, which are now moving like a freight train with the House already moving in two committees, Republicans want to give insurance companies a green light to charge older people five times as much as they charge younger people. So I cited a number of my small, rural counties--Grant County, Union County, Lake County--and how a 60-year-old who makes $30,000 a year can see their insurance costs, because of the age tax, go up something like $8,000 a year.  I don't have the numbers as of now--Finance staff is still working on that for every single State--but obviously that tax sure looks like it is going to hit somebody in New Hampshire, an older person, people before they are eligible for Medicare, and particularly in that 55-to-65 bracket. It looks like it is going to hit them very hard. How is that going to be received, because in my time in New Hampshire, we talked about it, and a lot of those people really are walking on economic tightropes. They are balancing their food bill against their fuel bill and their fuel bill against their rent bill. I know my colleague spends a lot of time trying to advocate for them, help them through small business approaches. How are they going to be able to absorb what is clearly going to be thousands of dollars in new out-of-pocket health costs?  