President, I would like to turn to healthcare. For me, healthcare has always been the most important issue. It goes back to my days when I was director of the Oregon Gray Panthers. I have always felt, as a general proposition, that it is extraordinarily important for us to pursue bipartisan approaches in this space. I have focused on that, and, frankly, I got a lot of welts on my back to show for it.  I was very proud last night to be able to work with Chairman Hatch, and we have, in effect, announced the beginning of an agreement to deal with the Children's Health Insurance Program, a bipartisan approach, and do it in a responsible way. Obviously, there are other steps to go, but I think it reflects, again, a big, important issue inpolarized political times--the Finance Committee trying to find common ground.  The reality is, the principles around which healthcare reform has traditionally been based are still pretty valid. I believe, as the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, that healthcare is a basic human right. I also believe our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have valid points as well about having a role for the private sector in the delivery of healthcare. So I have long used those kind of bedrock principles to guide me with respect to healthcare, and that is why I wanted to come to the floor today to talk about what was just announced by Republican Senators--Republican Senators only--to make one last attempt to roll back Americans' healthcare before they lose the opportunity to take advantage of the special rules that would allow partisan-only approaches, and they expire at the end of the month.  As I said, my focus--as was the case last night with Chairman Hatch, and we are far from done here--was to find common ground with respect to a critical program for children.  Earlier today, our colleagues, Senators Graham, Cassidy, and Heller, introduced a partisan bill that, in my view, might be the most harmful version of TrumpCare yet, so I wanted to take a few minutes this evening to explain why this type of legislation is still a bad deal for American families.  This legislation that has been authored by the three Republican Senators gives a super block grant--a blank check--to the States so that they can do whatever they want to Americans' healthcare. Based on everything else I have seen this year, that is going to mean an awful lot of pain for vulnerable people and an open door to the worst abuses of insurance companies, which had been relegated to the history books when the Affordable Care Act was passed. My view is that this is probably the largest healthcare devolution in history, which is pretty much sending it to the States and saying: Have at it.  First of all, the bill ends Medicaid as Americans know it today. This year's debate over healthcare made one matter clear--that Medicaid matters. It pays for the healthcare of America's most vulnerable and serves as a safety net for the people who might not think they will need it. It covers nursing home care for older Americans who spend down their hard-earned savings. It pays for addiction treatment services for those who are struggling with opioids, as millions of Americans are today. It helps Americans with disabilities live healthy, productive lives in their communities rather than in institutions. That is just the tip of the iceberg of the good work Medicaid does for those from Portland, OR, to Portland, ME. Under the legislation that I am discussing--Graham-Cassidy-Heller--that is gone.  The plan ends the expanded Medicaid coverage that 11 million Americans count on today. It puts a cap on Medicaid and offers hundreds of billions less in support from the Federal Government. It is essentially telling States ``good luck'' and is asking them to make all of the hard decisions about which Americans will get adequate healthcare and which people will go without. History tells us that the most vulnerable Americans who are without a voice or a powerful lobby are inevitably going to be the ones worse off.  There is one more step that this bill takes that is different from previous versions of TrumpCare and similar proposals. Rather than reducing the tax credits that help Americans get help, which is similar to earlier Republican approaches, this bill just gets rid of them. It gets rid of them completely. That means asking States to use their Federal health block grants to cover Medicaid, nursing home care, care for those with disabilities, addiction treatment, tax credits for healthcare, and more--and all from the same pot of money. To me, that is a recipe for a healthcare disaster.  This proposal also opens up loopholes for the big insurance companies to undermine key consumer protections--those that bar discrimination against those who have preexisting conditions and set essential benefits that all Americans are entitled to receive.  I thought we were done with those days--the days when, in effect, healthcare worked for the healthy and the wealthy and when we had discrimination against those with preexisting conditions. Basically, unless you were healthy and did not have a preexisting condition or unless you were wealthy and could pay for your healthcare costs, you were really in deep trouble. As far as I can tell, this new proposal undermines those key consumer protections that bar discrimination against those who have preexisting conditions, and it takes us back.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to proceed for up to 10 more minutes.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). Without objection, it is so ordered.  