President, I did not get a chance to hear the distinguished Democratic leader's remarks, for Chairman Hatch and I were in the Senate Finance Committee. We managed to pass, by an overwhelming bipartisan vote, the Children's Health Insurance Program--a vital program for 9 million kids. So that is a bit of good news in that this important piece of legislation is advancing. I do know that the Democratic leader touched on a number of very important issues, particularly some of these comments that have been made by top advisers to the President with respect to taxes.  I am struck by the fact that Mr. Gary Cohn, the President's top economic adviser, said last week that middle-class folks were going to get $1,000 in tax relief--set aside the fact that that does not look to be true for a number of middle-class folks who have kids. I am also struck by the comment that followed. Mr. Cohn said that not only are middle-class families going to get $1,000 worth of tax relief but that they would be able to go buy cars or remodel their kitchens. You just think to yourself, with that kind of tax cut, that you would be buying a very small car or remodeling a very small kitchen. The fact is, that is not, in my view, a comment that reflects a real understanding of what middle-class folks in America are going through. I don't see very many of them buying cars for $1,000 or remodeling their kitchens for $1,000.  That comment was accompanied by the comments of Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, who not only said a couple of days ago that tax cuts would pay for themselves--a statement that was contradicted by Republican economists yesterday in the Senate Finance Committee--but that there would be something like $1 trillion left over. Mr. Mnuchin continues to make the case that there is somehow a magical growth fairy here in the American economy that nobody else knows about, including Republican economists.  I am one who believes that behavior does matter, and I am going to talk about a bipartisan approach to taxes in a minute--a responsible, bipartisan approach to taxes, not one that helps the 1 percent or creates a huge new deficit or that kind of thing. I think that you will generate some revenue, and Doug Elmendorf said that when he was the head of the Budget Office, but it is not going to generate hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars, as in the case of what Mr. Mnuchin is talking about, which is something like $2 trillion. There is no economic support for that.  You have the President's economic team and his top advisers trying to defend the indefensible, and I will go into that more a little bit later today.  Right now, I think it is important that we have a response that I am going to deliver to the distinguished majority whip, who is a member of the Finance Committee, who made some comparisons between the Republican plan and the bipartisan legislation that I wrote--after months and months of hard work--with two of our former Republican colleagues, Senator Gregg and Senator Coats. Senator Coats is now a member of President Trump's Cabinet.  The comparison that somehow the Republican plan is like the bipartisan approach that I wrote--these extreme ideas in the Republican plan--is not just a bit of a stretch or a little off base; there is absolutely no comparison--none--between the bipartisan proposal and the extreme Republican plan. The distinguished majority whip, in my view, offered a complete and total misrepresentation of what the two proposals are all about, and I am going to illustrate this in two ways--first, with respect to the policy.  The Republican tax cut framework green-lights the entire wish list for major multinational corporations and the wealthy. There is a massive corporate tax cut that overwhelmingly benefits shareholders. When it comes to international taxes, there is a pure territorial system with barely a nod tothe kind of tough rules that are needed to protect workers and the middle-class folks in the center of our tax base.  There is, in the Republican plan, a brand-new passthrough loophole. It is as big as the Grand Canyon. It is the Grand Canyon of loopholes in the Republican tax proposal, which invites tax cheats to skip out from paying their fair share to Social Security and Medicare.  The Republican plan eliminates the estate tax, which today only touches estates worth more than $11 million or $5.5 million for a single individual. The top rate goes down, and the bottom income tax rate goes up. When doing the math on what the Republicans have on offer, we are looking at upwards of $4, $5, $6, or $7 trillion in tax giveaways to the most fortunate.  It is a different story under the Republican proposal if you are middle class. You probably have a lot of unanswered questions. All you know right now is that it virtually guarantees that, in order to pay for the giveaways to the wealthy and corporations, current middle-class tax breaks are going to be on the chopping block--the personal exemption, incentives for retirement savings, education, and home ownership, to name just a few. From everything we know, when you set up these kinds of extreme approaches, when you raise the parts of the Tax Code that are a giveaway to those at the top, what you see is the middle class getting hurt.  Instead of tripling the standard deduction, which is what we did in our bipartisan bill, the Trump people double it, but then they take away the personal exemptions for working-class folks. So unlike our proposal, where the middle class can count on hundreds and hundreds of dollars in their paycheck when you triple the standard deduction, under the Republican proposal, they give it with one hand by doubling the standard deduction and take it away with the other hand by eliminating the personal exemption. So you have a very stark difference between the bipartisan proposal that I offered with Senator Coats, a member of the President's Cabinet, and what the Republican extreme plan is all about.  The bottom line is that the Republican plan seeks to raise those parts of our Tax Code that are all about the middle class, and they are doing it to pay for the giveaways for those folks at the top. That is not what we did in the bipartisan plan at all. Any middle-class person can sit at their kitchen table and look at the bipartisan plan that I was involved with and see how the middle class wins. They get hundreds and hundreds of dollars more in every paycheck by tripling the standard deduction, and they can see how they as middle-class folks--say, who make $70,000 and have a couple of children--lose under the Trump proposal.  Now there are other differences between our bipartisan plan and what the Big 6 and the Trump administration want. The bipartisan plan was scored as revenue neutral by authoritative independent tax experts. It made the Tax Code more progressive. The fact is, what we offered--Senator Coats, Senator Gregg, and I--was an actual bill. It was the product of weeks and months of work.  Senator Gregg and I--and I think it is fair to say that all Senators may not be aware of this, but Senator Gregg was a top economic thinker with whom the majority leader consulted--sat next to each other for months in order to put together what is still the first and only comprehensive Federal bipartisan tax reform plan since 1986. It was an actual bill. It wasn't four pages of rhetoric.  In the spring we got one page. It was shorter than your typical drugstore receipt. Now I guess we are up to four pages, when you take out all this kind of white space. Our bill was an actual bill and was designed to give everybody in America a chance to get ahead, not just those in the 1 percent, not just those who have real clout and power.  I have always said that this is the heart of the difference. We have two Tax Codes in America. We have one for the cops and the nurses. It is compulsory. Their taxes come right out of their paychecks--no Cayman Islands deal for them. Then we have another Tax Code for the high flyers--the fortunate and well-connected. They can pretty much pay what they want when they want to. The bipartisan proposal that I wrote with Senator Gregg and Senator Coats helps the first group, the cops and nurses, but it was also fair to everybody. It gave everybody a chance to get ahead. The Republican plan is another big gift to that second group, the group that can decide what they are going to pay in taxes and when they are going to pay it. So we really couldn't have two proposals that are more different.  The fact is, the Republican framework looks less like a real effort at tax reform than a shameless attempt, in effect, to accommodate the President's boast about the biggest tax cut ever. The bottom line is that it is a giveaway to those at the top, and it robs from the middle class.  The differences don't just end with these specifics that I have described here. We took a fundamentally different approach. With Senator Gregg and Senator Coats, we were digging into the cobwebs of every dark corner of the Tax Code. We brought together principles on which both sides had to find common ground with a lot of sweat equity.  If you are going to write a partisan bill, you can go off on your own and do your thing. The fact is, if Senators Gregg, Coats, and I had written separate bills on our own, they would have looked very different, but the bill we wrote together, starting with Senator Gregg and I, was the first comprehensive bipartisan tax proposal in a quarter century. Senator Coats, to his credit, did yeoman's work in updating it. There is no comparison from a process standpoint between that bipartisan work that was done to update the system of more than a quarter century ago and the Republican tax cut framework.  The majority leader said from day one, at the beginning of the year, that he didn't want Democratic input on tax reform. He said: We are just going to do it on the ``our way or the highway'' approach with reconciliation. Reconciliation is a rejection of bipartisanship through and through.  I note that the Presiding Officer is the tallest Member of the Senate, along with Senator Strange, and I talked fairly frequently with our former colleague Senator Bradley, who was another tall Democrat on the Finance Committee with a much better jump shot than me. He has described the bipartisan efforts of 1986, with key officials in President Reagan's administration, Jim Baker and Don Regan, who spent months talking to Democrats--months and months--before anything happened. That is not what happened here. The specifics are very different, and the process is very different.  Recently, my Democratic colleagues and I came forward with our principles for reform, and it was just a matter of a few hours before Leader McConnell rejected them in the media. One administration official actually said that tax reform would be worse if it included Democratic ideas, and the ``go it alone'' mentality is pretty obvious when you look at the framework that came out last week.  The tough questions haven't been answered. For those at the top, it is all sweet and no sour. There was not a single shred of Democratic input in the framework--not one Democratic fingerprint anywhere to be found. The administration officials in charge of selling it to the public are, in my view, executing a con job on the middle class.  So I wanted to come here today to highlight some of the recent comments that the Senate Democratic leader has made with respect to some of these out-of-touch comments we have heard recently from key administration officials, like Gary Cohn and Steve Mnuchin, and I wanted to make sure that Senators heard--after the comments of the Senate Republican whip--that they now know that there is no comparison, none, between the bipartisan proposal that I had the honor to write with Senators Coats and Gregg, which brought the two parties together, and the framework that came out last week that forced even more polarization between the parties. The reality is that this Republican proposal, this tax cut framework, is so radically skewed toward the wealthy and the big corporations, that it makes Ronald Reagan's landmark reform look like the work of rabid socialists.  So I appreciate the chance to set the record straight by outlining the differences between a recent bipartisan bill with two influential Republican Senators with whom I had the honor to work and the extreme Republican framework that came out last week. These plans are not just trillions of dollars apart based on the numbers. It is clear they are written with entirely different goals in mind.  Our view is that tax reform ought to be about giving everybody in America the opportunity to get ahead. What we have said is that, instead of it being an ``our way or the highway'' partisan approach, we ought to be doing--particularly in the area of tax reform--what has a storied history. The key to a successful tax reform, based on that history, is working in a bipartisan way.  I will close with the comments about the Democratic principles, which is that we are not going to give relief to the people at the 1 percent, we are not going to break the bank, and we are going to focus on the middle class. Those principles don't even go as far as ideas advanced by President Reagan, where he said that we are going to treat income from a wage and income from investment in the same way.  I close by way of saying this. No. 1, the distinguished Republican whip is wrong when he compares the bipartisan bill I have been a part of to what the administration's tax framework is all about. No. 2, the right way to do this is to focus in a bipartisan way, not through partisanship only. The principles that we have outlined on our side, when you compare them, do not even go as far as some of the ideas embraced by the late President Reagan.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  