President, there has been a lot of talk here on the Senate floor about this so-called skinny health package, and if you believe the reports, the skinny health package was going to be written today at the Senate Republican lunch. On the day that the Senate is supposed to vote, the future of American healthcare may have gotten an overhaul between the salad course and the entree.  I would like to talk a little about where things are and really contrast these reports about the skinny health package with the process that brought together the Affordable Care Act.  Our colleague, the Presiding Officer, now serves on the Finance Committee. There were dozens of hearings in the Finance Committee about the Affordable Care Act, and there were dozens of hearings in the HELP Committee. Both committees had markups that lasted longer than a week and incorporated ideas from both sides. I was a pretty junior member of the Finance Committee at that time, and I remember a flock of Republican amendments being added, in the Finance Committee, to the Affordable Care Act. When the bill came to the floor, the Senate debated it for 25 legislative days. It was the second-longest consecutive debate in history.  We are not seeing anything that resembles that today. You have a rush job. So I am going to try to spend a few minutes talking about what comes out when you have a rush job and about some of the red flags that I think my colleagues might want to think about, particularly some on the other side of the aisle who are thinking about voting for this skinny package.  Any Senator who believes that Medicaid makes it out of the skinny package without taking a hit ought to take a look again. Senator Murray and I spent a long time in working with the Congressional Budget Office to, in effect, get them to do some analysis of some of the ideas that are part of a CBO package. What the Congressional Budget Office said--and it is the impartial, nonpartisan umpire--is that under this skinny package that is not supposed to do any harm to Medicaid--and it is on the first page of the CBO report--Medicaid gets hit with a $220 billion reduction for over a decade under this so-called skinny proposal.  So if you are one of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle who say they really feel strongly about Medicaid and about seniors--Medicaid, we all know, picks up the cost of two out of three nursing home beds, and it covers a wide variety of community-based services.  I have loved to watch the development of those community-based services. We started them in Oregon back in the days when I was the director of the Gray Panthers.  In this so-called skinny budget, according to the Congressional Budget Office, Medicaid would get hit with a $220 billion reduction. I think my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who are saying ``Hey, the skinny package isn't going to have any implications for Medicaid'' would want to take a look at it because I think the Congressional Budget Office is saying there really are implications for vulnerable seniors, for kids with special needs, for the disabled, and for all of those Americans who are walking on an economic tightrope every single month in balancing their food costs against their fuel costs and their fuel costs against their health bills.  The numbers on skinny repeal show that 16 million Americans will lose coverage and that premiums are going to jump by 20 percent immediately if it becomes law. Industry experts are saying there is not any way this can work. It just causes too much bedlam and uncertainty. It is like pouring still more gasoline onto the fires of uncertainty in the marketplace. Republican and Democratic Governors have come out against the skinny bill.  By the way, as the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee--I guess we have 100 percent of the Senators who are here who serve on the Finance Committee. I do not even see Republican Senators making much of an attempt to defend the skinny bill on its merits. In fact, in the halls, many of them seem to be telling folks, including some folks, I believe, in the press, that they are kind of worried about its becoming law.  There are a few directions for this process to take. It is possible that, if you pass it, the House could just take up the skinny repeal and then they could pass it. My guess is that when people around here think about what that means and what those CBO numbers mean, the premium hikes and the implications for Medicaid, they will look at those CBO numbers and probably get a little heartburn--my Republican colleagues in this Chamber who are thinking about being for this.  The other possibility is that passing the skinny repeal bill leads to a conference. I am telling you that if it heads to conference, a skinny repeal is sort of a gateway drug to TrumpCare. The fact that a conference is going to fix every problem and solve every disagreement is just fantasy. If this gets to conference and if suddenly there is a new Republican replacement plan that everybody likes--that is about as likely to happen as my joining the NBA for the upcoming season.  Let's take an honest look at how the debate has unfolded.  Republicans have had 7 years to come up with a replacement to the Affordable Care Act that they can all agree to. Obviously, that has not worked out. In the Senate, the process flatlined until the majority leader began the shell game that has culminated in today's vote. There were not 50 votes for TrumpCare here in the Senate. There were not 50 votes for repeal. That is why a skinny repeal is the only proposal left on the table. As I indicated, who knows what was done at the Republican lunch today at noon between the salad course and the entree?  Yet let's be clear about what is likely to happen when the House gets involved. The guarantees that Members of this body will get to protect their constituents are out the window--kids with disabilities and older people--say, a baby boomer. My colleague in the chair, who is a skilled physician, understands this. You have a baby boomer who has had a stroke, who is in his late fifties, early sixties, and he is in a nursing home. He is going to really face some challenges in terms of how to be able to afford that care with the kinds of cuts that, on page 1 of the report to Senator Murray and me, the CBO has said it believes will take place in Medicaid.  We know these rural hospitals are the economic engine of communities. I have made eight stops on a rural healthcare listening tour in my home State, and what we see is, without rural healthcare, you aren't going to have rural life. It is going to be particularly important because other efforts could conceivably result in seniors between 55 and 64 paying five times as much as younger people and getting fewer tax credits. Nobody can honestly say that the millions of Americans with preexisting conditions will be shielded from discrimination, and what a step backward that would be.  Before the Presiding Officer was here in this body, 14 Senators--7 Democrats and 7 Republicans--joined me in the 2008, 2009 period. Many of them are still here on both sides of the aisle. Republicans were a part of the effort and Democrats were a part of the effort. We wrote a bipartisan bill that had air-tight, loophole-free protection for those who have preexisting conditions. We got it in the Affordable Care Act. All of the Senators who joined on that bill ought to feel pretty good about taking a big step to move America away from healthcare that is just for the healthy and wealthy. Now we are talking about the prospect of policies that will walk that back.  It is my view that the clear choice for my colleagues who don't like the risks in skinny repeal and don't like TrumpCare is to reject the process. It seems to me the surest way to prevent a bill you don't like from becoming law is to vote against it. Quaint idea: Just vote against it.  I want to turn, as well, to another bit of breaking news, which comes from our Parliamentarians who do so much good work, and they have an extraordinarily stressful job. Another key part of the Republican plan has been deemed ineligible in the last few hours to move forward via the partisan approach--reconciliation. The decision pertains to a proposal that lets States undo the consumer protections built into insurance marketplaces under the Affordable Care Act. That proposal will not get fast-track privileges or a 50-vote threshold under reconciliation here on the Senate floor.  Here is what that section of the bill was all about. I wrote a provision--and, again, our group of 14 bipartisan Senators, seven Democrats and seven Republicans, can take credit for this as well--about an issue that the Presiding Officer and I have talked about a number of times: letting the States be the laboratories of democracy, taking the lead on creative health solutions.  So out of our bipartisan bill--14 Senators--we said that we are going to give the States the chance to do better. The States would have the chance to do better. When we did it, we got some flak from all over the political spectrum. But we pushed very hard, and we got it in to the final legislation. It was about providing flexibility to States because so many on both sides of the aisle--my guess is our friend from Pennsylvania, and anyone who is on the Finance Committee, has heard again and again that State officials, business leaders, and others have said: If you just give us the freedom, we can do better. They don't say: Give us the freedom to let us do worse. They say: Give us the freedom to let us do better.  That is what section 1332 was all about. It said that States could chart their own course on healthcare as long as they were going to do better--better for coverage, better for affordability. They made it clear that if you feel you can do better--if the Louisiana Legislature says: We have ideas for what works for Louisiana, which may not necessarily work for Oregon; give us the freedom to go do our thing--that is in the Affordable Care Act, the freedom to do better.  I would be the last person to tell my friend from Louisiana, a skilled physician who has a great interest in health policy--I would be the last person to say: Hey, I am going to dictate to Louisiana what an approach involving a waiver should be all about. It is quite the opposite. I am prepared to say to Louisiana, to Pennsylvania, to all of our colleagues, if you have ideas that are going to do better by people--better coverage, more affordable--God bless you and your constituents. That is what 1332 is all about.  We said that all we are going to say is we have to have some basic consumer protection here. You can't just get a waiver and go off and do nothing or just spend the money on some pork kind of project; you have to do better by people--better coverage, more affordable coverage, having basic consumer protections. The Senate TrumpCare bill tried to basically throw those consumer protections out the window. States would be able to get waivers to opt out of basic consumer protections--basic, plain, vanilla consumer protection for coverage and affordability. My view was that kind of stuff is a backdoor way to set up junk insurance--junk insurance that wouldn't cover much more than gauze bandages and aromatherapy.  Some people may wonder why this is important today, since the Senate resoundingly voted down the Better Care Reconciliation Act earlier this week.  The answer is that my colleagues on the other side still seem to be trying to shoehorn this scheme for worse coverage--not better coverage--under a waiver into the skinny repeal proposal the Senate is going to vote on in a matter of hours. But the decision has come down. The decision has come down from the Parliamentarian that regulatory changes that gut consumer protection, that was right at the heart of that waiver in the Affordable Care Act, isn't going to fly. And, frankly, I think it calls into question what the Parliamentarian said--it calls into question whether any of these big anti-consumer schemes are going to get 50 votes.  So this is yet more uncertainty ahead if Senate Republicans pass this skinny repeal bill and the debate drags on.  Now, at the risk of boring our wonderful pages and the staff who have heard me on the floor saying this before, there is a bipartisan approach. I think I have shown my bona fides over the years with respect to bipartisanship. I mentioned our universal coverage bill--the first time Republicans, Democrats came together and said that this is something where there is common ground because it is common sense. I have worked with colleagues who are perhaps some of the most conservative Members of the Congress on initiatives to move healthcare forward. That is what I have wanted to dedicate my entire professional service to--bipartisanship in health. Ever since those days with the Oregon Gray Panthers, that is what I always thought was the most important thing because if Senator Toomey, the Presiding Officer, all of our colleagues--all the people here--if you don't have your health, then pretty much everything else is uphill. So healthcare has always been the most important issue--an important issue we have to deal with in a bipartisan way.  I have said--which is why I wanted to alert the pages and the professional staff about the prospect of true boredom and just nodding off through the afternoon--that there is an alternative. If Republicans drop the reconciliation, the our-way-or-the-highway approach, colleagues on this side have said that they want to work on a bipartisan basis. It doesn't take rocket science to figure out what that needs to be.  The first thing that Democrats and Republicans would do is stabilize the private insurance market--the first thing. Everyone over here has said that the Affordable Care Act is far from perfect. We have colleagues here, including Senator Kaine with his reinsurance proposal, Senator Shaheen with her cost-sharing effort, Senator McCaskill to try to help areas where there is little or no coverage, and I am certain there are Republicans who have ideas that would be part of a good bipartisan package if we drop this our-way-or-the-highway partisan approach.  We ought to be working together to bring down prescription drugs prices. I have spoken on a number of occasions with the Presiding Officer about the fact that literally out of nowhere over the last few years we saw a whole industry develop around prescription drugs, where a bunch of middlemen are supposed to be getting the consumer a good deal on medicine, but nobody knows what they put in their pocket and what they put in the consumers' pocket. They are called pharmaceutical benefit managers. So I said: How about a little sunlight on that? How about a little sunshine, the best disinfectant?  I sure think people ought to be able to work together on those kinds of things. That, colleagues, is not what is on offer right now.  I urge my colleagues to say: We are getting out of this shell game. Nobody has to accept the skinny repeal option or the dictates of the other body. If you are unhappy with the option on the table--and I hope more people will be unhappy now that I have outlined what some of the key considerations are in this Budget Office report Senator Murray and I worked hard to get--I hope some people are going to think again, especially on the other side of the aisle, about voting it down. Twenty percent premium hikes--those go into effect on January 1 of 2018. And I expect we will have more information on it, but I think there are going to be 20-percent hikes after that. That is real. That is not what some interest group made up or some liberal partisan or anybody else who has an ax to grind. That is what our impartial umpire found.  So if you are unhappy with a proposal with those kinds of options, you ought to vote it down.  I want to close by way of echoing a point that so many colleagues on this side have said. This is not about saying: Look, we are just against what you want to do. Quite the opposite. For all my time in public service, I have said what I want to do is try to find common ground with people with common sense.  Let us defeat this skinny, sham, shell game kind of process that looks like what we are going to be voting on tonight and then get serious about doing what legislators do, which is not take each other's crummy ideas, but take good ideas and work on them in a bipartisan way.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  