I have always felt that the really big issues, the really important issues, need to be bipartisan. You need to find a path to some common ground.  As Senator Donnelly and our colleagues have pointed out, what is being discussed now is an inherently partisan process for dealing with one of the most sensitive and most important issues of our time; that is, Medicare and what it represents. I had a chance to listen to Senator Donnelly and Senator Hirono discuss this issue. It made me recall my days when I was director of the Oregon Gray Panthers, the senior citizens group. I was director of the group for almost 7 years before I was elected to Congress. This was back in the days when I had a full head of hair and rugged good looks.  We always talked about Medicare being a promise. It was a promise of guaranteed benefits. They were going to be there. They were going to be secure. They were going to be defined. In effect, all who supported Medicare said they would oppose unraveling that promise, unraveling that pledge of guaranteed benefits. It seems to me, without strong legislation, the kind of legislation my colleagues are advocating, we are putting that promise at risk.  I think when you look back at the history of what was available for older people before Medicare, you would see why this promise and this pledge is so important. For so many older people, there was, essentially, what amounted to poor farms. We had one not far from where we lived at home in Oregon. When Medicare was being debated, people brought out those pictures. They talked about what it meant, in a country as strong and good and rich as ours, for older people not to have a life of dignity and security and decent health care.  When Medicare was adopted in 1965, it was all about the promise. It was all about the guarantee. That is what Senator Donnelly and Senator Hirono are standing up for as part of this debate. I know that some who don't share our view are going to say: Well, there are tremendous challenges with respect to Medicare. There is no question about that--10,000 people turning 65 every day for years and years--but there is so much that can be done, Democrats and Republicans, if you want to reject something that is partisan like reconciliation and come together. You can come together around updating the Medicare guarantee. I say this to my friends Senator Donnelly and Senator Hirono, who have done such good work on this.  We are not saying there aren't any challenges. The fact is that Medicare today in 2017 is very different than Medicare when it began in 1965. It is dominated by chronic illness: cancer, diabetes, heart disease. But we can come up with fresh, practical approaches for dealing with those challenges, consistent with what Senator Donnelly and Senator Hirono are talking about, which is keeping the Medicare promise, keeping the Medicare guarantee, not allowing the program to be privatized.  We started on that with the Affordable Care Act. There were a number of us in the Senate. Senator Isakson was very involved. At the time, Senator Markey was a Member of the other body. We advocated for something called Independence at Home, which allowed the Medicare Program to begin to take care of those with chronic illness at home.  So I am very appreciative of what Senator Donnelly and Senator Hirono are doing because what they are saying is this: Instead of gambling on the health of older people with a partisan reconciliation process, let's work in a bipartisan way to build on the promise of Medicare, the promise of those guaranteed benefits.  We can do that. We can do that by creating more options for caring for older people at home. We can do it by expanding telemedicine and using new technology. We can do it by creating more opportunities for nonphysician providers. These are all ways that we can build on the Medicare promise and the Medicare guarantee and deal with the challenges of our time. But we are not going to be able to deal with those challenges through partisan approaches like reconciliation that would privatize the program and unravel the promise.  So I am very pleased to be able to have a chance to be out on the floor with my colleagues who have been strong advocates for Medicare, who rightly put this issue front and center in the debate, because I think a lot of what is being discussed is really getting lost. A big part of this debate really seems to be about creating a Trojan horse to give tax cuts to some of the most fortunate, while, in effect, raising health care costs for millions of others and breaking the Medicare promise, which is what my colleagues are seeking to protect in their amendment No. 20.  We are going to be talking more about this. Certainly, as the senior Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, we will be having significant debates about these issues in the committee. But I am very appreciative that Senator Donnelly and Senator Hirono have allowed us to jump-start what this debate is really all about; and that is, keeping the promise of Medicare, keeping the promise of guaranteed benefits, working in a bipartisan way to update the guarantee to deal with chronic illness and improve options for home care. I commend them both for their good work.  I yield the floor.  