President, the debate on Congressman Price's nomination, in my view, is a referendum on the future of health care in America.  On this side of the aisle, we think it is worth spending 30 hours talking about a subject this important to our people. My view is that this is about whether the United States is going to go back to the dark days when health care worked only for the healthy and the wealthy.  Based on the public record, Medicare is a program Congressman Price does not believe in, and it offers a guarantee of services he doesn't believe seniors should have.  On the Affordable Care Act, he is the architect of repeal and run. He wrote the bill himself. He proposed weakening protections for Americans with preexisting conditions. He would shred the health care safety net--Medicaid--for the least fortunate among us. He would take away health care choices for women, particularly the opportunity to go to the physician that they trust.  As we wrap up and get ready to vote, think about the common thread among these proposals: They take away coverage from our people, make health care coverage more expensive for millions of people, or both. That is what Congressman Price stands for when it comes to health care. Every Senator who casts a vote for Congressman Price has to stand by that agenda.  Beyond what this means for the future of American health care policy, there is the lingering spectre, as I have discussed tonight in detail, of serious legal and ethical issues. Congressman Price got special access to a special deal on stock in an Australian biomedical company. He claimed multiple times before Senate committees that the deal he got on discounted company stock was open to all shareholders. All the evidence--all the evidence--says that this is untrue.  First, he had to go through the back door to get access to the discounted price. He got a special friends-and-family invite from his colleague in the House, Congressman Chris Collins, the company's top shareholder and a member of its board.  Second, rules that apply to other investors didn't apply to Congressman Price. Other shareholders were bound by a limit. They were able to buy one discounted share for every nine they already owned. That would have allowed Congressman Price to buy just 7,000 discounted shares. He bought 400,000 discounted shares. In my view, he can't get around that. That is the definition of a special stock deal.  The Congressman introduced legislation that would have lowered the tax bills of three major pharmaceutical companies in which he owns stock. He invested $15,000 in a medical equipment company and then introduced legislation to increase the amount Medicare pays for that type of equipment. Parts of his bill went on to become law. He bought thousands of dollars' worth of stock in a company called Zimmer Biomet less than a week before introducing legislation that had the potential to drive up the value of those shares. Now he has argued that he didn't purchase the stocks; his broker did. But at the very least, he would have known about those deals within days of the purchase when he filed the periodic transaction reports in the House. Under his brokerage agreement, he could have quickly resold the stock, but he did not. Furthermore, he didn't consult with the Ethics Committee regarding any of the trades I have spoken about as directed by the House Ethics Manual.  As I wrap up, I want to put a human face on why so many Senators on this side of the aisle have come to the Senate floor to speak so passionately about their grave concerns with this nomination. Nothing sums up our concerns more clearly than a line from an op-ed Congressman Price wrote in 2009 that discusses Medicare. His quote speaks volumes about his perspective on this program.  It is a lifeline. I first became acquainted with it back in the days when I was codirector of the Oregon Gray Panthers, ran the legal aid program for older people. I saw then that seniors were walking on an economic tightrope, balancing their food bill against their fuel bill, their fuel bill against the rent bill. They saw Medicare as one of the great achievements in American policymaking.  Here is what the Congressman wrote--his words, not mine: ``Nothing has had a greater negative effect on the delivery of health care than the federal government's intrusion into medicine through Medicare.'' When I read that, I was reflecting on my Gray Panther days, and I think a lot of other Senators go back working with community organizations. We just heard a wonderful presentation from Senator King, who was also a legal services advocate.  Before Medicare, before this program that Congressman Price thinks is such a negative intrusion into medicine, a lot of older people were warehoused in poor farms. I am absolutely certain that Congressman Price doesn't want to go back to those days, but when he speaks about the involvement of Medicare in American health care as though a plague has descended on the land, we just have to question his commitment to a program that has become a lifeline to millions of older people.  The fact is, Medicare has always been a promise. That is what we said back in the early days with the senior citizens. Medicare was a promise. It was a promise of guaranteed benefits. Again, based on the public record, Medicare is a program Congressman Price doesn't believe in, and it offers a guarantee of services he doesn't think seniors ought to have.  He has said he wants to voucherize the program within the first 6 to 8 months of the administration. What we are talking about when you want to do that is you are breaking the promise of Medicare. You are breaking the promise of guaranteed benefits, and you are going to sort of hand people a piece of paper and say here is your voucher, Ihope it works for you. If your medical expenses are greater than your vouchers, that is the way it goes, tough luck.  The price budget cut Medicare by nearly $1 million. By the way, that is exactly the opposite of the Trump pledge, not to cut Medicare that the American people heard on the campaign trail. There is a big gap between what President Trump said about Medicare and the bills and legislative efforts of Congressman Price in the other body--big gap. That is why it sure looks to me like the promise of Medicare is one that Congressman Price would break.  By the way, we all ought to understand that if confirmed, Congressman Price would be the captain of the Trump health care team. What he says matters, and what he offered--legislatively, his positions and his votes. He voted again and again to repeal the Affordable Care Act.  It really matters what his past record is. If past is prologue, it is certainly relevant. It really matters. He was the architect of what amounted to repeal and run. He wrote legislation creating loopholes in the protection for those with preexisting conditions, and the big beneficiary there was clearly the major insurance companies.  Women would find it much harder to make the health care choices they want and see the doctors they trust if the price proposals were lost. Medicaid pays 65 percent of the nursing home bill in America. And on this side of the aisle, we are going to fight Congressman Price's block grant proposals that are going to put seniors at risk.  I am going to close with this. I always hope I am wrong when I raise the prospects of real threats to the welfare of the American people because the reason public service was important to me was because of those first days with the Gray Panthers. I never thought I would have that kind of wonderful opportunity; that I would have had this opportunity for public service. For me and so many on this side of the aisle--I see my colleagues who have been active in their communities--this has always been about the welfare of the American people. That is what it is about--all those faces we see when we are home, having community meetings and getting out with our people.  The public record in this case indicates that as Secretary of Health and Human Services, Congressman Price would, in fact, be an extraordinary threat to seniors on Medicare, vulnerable older people who need Medicaid for access to nursing homes, millions of kids for whom Medicaid is the key to a healthy future, and women across the country who have a right to see the doctors they trust.  I am going to oppose this nomination. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposition.  Mr. President, I wish to take a few minutes to address Congressman Price's stock purchases. At best, this is behavior that cuts ethical corners. At worst it is dangerously close to outright insider trading. Congressman Price has a lot of questionable trading activity. He introduced legislation that would lower the tax bills of three major pharmaceutical companies he owned significant amounts of stock in. He invested $15,000 dollars in a medical equipment company then introduced legislation to increase the amount Medicare pays for that type of equipment. Parts of his bill went on to become law.  But let's look at one investment in particular, Congressman Price's investment in Zimmer Biomet. Zimmer is a medical device company that specializes in joint replacements, including knee, hip, shoulder, and foot and ankle replacements.  Hip and knee replacements are high cost procedures, and they are two of the most common procedures performed on Medicare patients. According to CMS, more than 400,000 hip and knee replacement procedures were performed in 2014, costing more than $7 billion for the hospitalizations alone. Despite the high frequency of these surgeries, costs vary widely across geographic areas, and complications like infections or implant failures after surgery can be three times higher at some facilities.  In November 2015, in an attempt to incentivize higher quality procedures for Medicare recipients and control the cost of these replacements, CMS finalized a new pricing model slated to be implemented in April 2016. This new pricing model was a cost-bundling payment model; instead of Medicare paying for each individual service, Medicare reimburses hospitals with a single lump-sum payment, allowing hospitals to coordinate overall care for the patient.  These changes were designed to incentivize improved care for patients, lowering costs and improving quality. However, according to independent analysts, medical device companies, especially those who specialize in orthopedic implants, could face ``material headwinds'' from the new pricing model since hospitals facing reimbursement pressures are likely to pass some of that burden onto those device companies.  In September 2015, Congressman Price led an effort to send a letter from members of the House of Representatives to CMS challenging many of the features of the CMS proposal. A copy of the letter, dated September 21, 2015, is available on the Congressman's website.  This is where Zimmer Biomet comes in. Zimmer is a medical device manufactrurer with significant exposure to the new pricing model. According to analysts, over 60 percent of Zimmer's revenues come from hip and knee devices, and the CMS guidelines had the potential to significantly affect the company's profits.  On March 17, 2016, a few weeks before the CMS model was set to go into effect, Congressman Price bought thousands of dollars worth of Zimmer Biomet stock through his brokerage account. On March 23, 2016, less than a week later, Congressman Price introduced H.R. 4848, the ``HIP Act,'' which would have delayed the implementation of CMS regulations for Medicare coverage of joint replacements.  Let's pause right here. In 2016, Congressman Price had a financial stake in one of the companies that stood to benefit most from the legislation he was promoting. Those basic facts are not in dispute. Congressman Price introduced legislation that had the potential to add to his personal fortune.  Now, various arguments have been made, by Congressman Price and others, to defend this activity. First is the argument that there wasn't much money at stake, just a few thousand dollars. But the truth is a few thousand dollars is a lot of money to a lot of Americans. An unexpected medical bill that size could have a serious effect on many Americans and the person in charge of our health care system should take that amount of money just as seriously.  Second, there is the argument that he didn't purchase the stock; his stockbroker purchased it. I am going to return to that issue in more detail in a moment, but one thing is clear. That is the fact that Congressman Price knew this stock had been purchased in his name, in his account, within a matter of days.  On April 15, 2016, Congressman Price filed what is called a Periodic Transaction Report which Members of Congress are required to do within 30 days of reportable stock purchase. Not only did Congressman Price file a report that he had purchased Zimmer Biomet along with dozens of other stocks, he initialed the entry for Zimmer Biomet in order to correct a mistake on the document; a correction making it clear that the Zimmer Biomet transaction was a stock purchase.  There is also the question of whether this activity violated House Ethics rules. Congressman Price also said, in answer to written questions, that ``no conflict existed and no consultation was necessary.'' He also said, ``Throughout my time as a Member of the interest rules applicable to me.''  He gave the same answer regarding three other bills that appear to conflict with investments he held: H.R. 4185, the Protecting Access through Competitive-pricing Transition Act of 2015, the PACT Act; H.R. 5400, a bill pertaining to tax rates in Puerto Rico, which would have likely impacted drug manufacturers he owned Eli Lilly, Bristol Myers Squibb, and Amgen; H.R. 5210, the Patient Access to Durable Medical Equipment (PADME) Act of 2016.  Let's go through that in some detail.  It is true that the House Ethics rules, like the Senate Ethics rules, allow amember to cast a vote on a matter relating to a company in which he or she owns stock. However, that standard only applies to casting votes. If you do more, and become an active advocate of a bill that could benefit a company that you own stock in, a different standard applies.  On page 237 of the House Ethics Manual, it says that before undertaking active advocacy of legislation that will benefit a company in which a member owns stock, such as before introducing a bill, ``the Member should first contact the [Ethics] Committee for guidance.''  The Ethics Manual is crystal clear. If you go beyond voting, and you are actively pushing a bill that would benefit a company in which you own stock, you should consult with the Ethics Committee.  Congressman Price did not consult with the Ethics Committee regarding any of these trades.  In a written question, I asked Congressman Price about this. I asked whether, in light of the House Ethics Manual's recommendation, he had consulted with the Ethics Committee regarding his purchase of Zimmer Biomet and other stocks. He did not answer the question. Instead, he resorted to the same talking point--that the Zimmer Biomet stock was purchased by his broker and that there was not need to consult because there was no conflict.  By my reading, this interpretation is flat wrong. Under the House Manual, he should have consulted with the Ethics Committee.  To be clear, the Ethics Committee might have concluded that it was a relatively small purchase, and that Congressman Price's advocacy was consistent with his longstanding position, and therefore that it was fine for him to go ahead and purchase the stock and then introduce the bill. On the other hand, the Ethics Committee might have reached a very different conclusion. It might have advised him to refrain from purchasing the stock.  The public will never know, because he didn't ask. Despite the clear guidance in the House Ethics Manual, he didn't even ask. And now the majority party is carrying his nomination toward the finish line.  Apart from conforming with House Ethics rules, there is also the question of whether Congressman Price's activity violated insider trading laws. Lawmakers in both the House and the Senate have a duty of public trust. The STOCK Act, which Congressman Price and I both voted for in 2012, and longstanding SEC rules denote that Members of Congress have a fiduciary duty to the American people. What that means is that we will use the public power we've been granted to benefit the interests of all Americans. The SEC's Rule 10b5, in particular, prohibits the purchase or sale of stock on the basis of material nonpublic information.  As a threshold matter, Congressman Price claims that insider trading laws don't apply to him because the Zimmer Biomet stock was purchased by his broker without his knowledge. But as I've discussed at length, this argument is a red herring because Congressman Price did have knowledge of these trades. He submitted signed records of the trades shortly after they were made. Furthermore, the laws related to insider trading give clear guidance on how to trade through a broker without violating insider trading laws. And just as with the House Ethics rules, when faced with clear guidance on how to manage conflicts of interest, Congressman Price chose not to follow it.  Whether those stocks were purchased directly or through a broker is not, by itself, a defense to insider trading. According to SEC rules, Congressman Price and his broker needed to agree to a ``written plan for trading securities'' that does not ``permit the person to exercise subsequent influence over when, how, or whether to effect purchases or sales of securities.'' So, if Congressman Price had, in writing, given his broker complete control over his portfolio we wouldn't be discussing this issue today. But he did not do so.  Congressman Price returned to the ``my broker did it'' defense for weeks before finally providing the Finance Committee with an excerpt of his brokerage agreement.  Here's what it says:       In the Portfolio Management (``PM'') program, a Financial      Advisor(s) who meets the program certification requirements      manages your assets on a discretionary basis. In other words,      your Financial Advisor, and not you, has the discretion to      decide what securities to buy and sell in your account. This      discretion is subject to the parameters described below and      your ability to direct a sale of any security for tax or      other reasons.  In the course of our investigation, committee staff spoke with experts, and they confirmed what seems obvious from the plain language of the text. This agreement does not hand over complete control of Congressman Price's portfolio to his broker. His agreement with his broker simply does not shield him from insider trading laws, no matter how many times he tries to say it does.  This isn't a question of whether Congressman Price followed the technical letter of the law, he didn't follow it in spirit either. Congressman Price could direct his broker to make trades when he wanted to, and he did. Case in point, when Congressman Price wanted to act on a stock tip from Congressman Collins, he called up his broker and had her buy shares of an Australian biomedical firm called Innate Immunotherapeutics.  Another question raised by Congressman Price's conflicts of interest is whether they go beyond a violation of the public's trust and constitute an outright violation of insider trading laws. That question cannot be answered today. We have seen that time and time again that Congressman Price purchased stocks then turned around and promoted legislation that would help those companies, and his investments in them. What is not clear is whether the introduction of this legislation meets the legal standards of being ``material'' and ``nonpublic.'' Neither case history, nor the legislative history of the STOCK Act provide clear guidance on when pending legislation is material and nonpublic.  The bottom line is that Congressman Price's activities are in uncharted waters. That is why the public and members of this body ought to be outraged that the majority party has cut off the vetting process and rushed this nomination toward completion.  In my view, because of how this nomination was handled, the Senate Finance Committee has set a double standard. If you look to the recent past at the nominations of Senator Tom Daschle, Secretary Tim Geithner and Ambassador Ron Kirk at the outset of the Obama administration, the vetting process was extremely thorough and bipartisan. The committee turned over every stone, peered around every corner and followed every lead to its conclusion. Now, when a glaring issue comes up that undeniably deserves investigation, the party in power has shut down the vetting process. The Finance Committee and the Senate ought to do better.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  