President, I think Senator Murray has said it very well, and I want to pick up on what I think is really at stake with this nomination. In effect, if confirmed, Congressman Mulvaney would be the numbers guy for the Trump team, the architect for the President's fiscal plan for the Nation's future.  I want to start by way of saying that, when you look at the President's promises that he made on the campaign trail to protect Medicare and Social Security from draconian cuts, Congressman Mulvaney's nomination and his record would be one of the biggest bait-and-switch schemes inflicted on America's seniors that I can imagine.  I am going to start by taking a minute to read some of what the President said on the campaign trail. He said:       Every Republican wants to do a big number on Social      Security. They want to do it on Medicare . . . and we can't      do that. It's not fair to the people.  The President said: ``It's my absolute intention to leave Social Security the way it is, not increase the age, but to leave it as-is.''  The President said:       You can't get rid of Medicare. Medicare's a program that      works . . . people love Medicare and it's unfair to them. I'm      going to fix it and make it better, but I'm not going to cut      it.  So those are just some of the promises that President Trump made with respect to Social Security and Medicare. There are quotes like that from rallies and campaign events and debates over a period of some months. I think it would be fair to say that, for a lot of seniors, when they heard that--when they heard these promises that these vital programs would be protected--that was a political litmus test for many American older people. So I describe this contrast between the promises of President Trump and Candidate Trump and Congressman Mulvaney as a bait and switch, but I think the Senate needs to know a little bit more detail with respect to specifics.  In 2011 Congressman Mulvaney said: ``We have to end Medicare as we know it.'' He added in another interview: ``Medicare as it exists today is finished.'' He proposed raising the Social Security age to 70. He called the program a Ponzi scheme. While he was a State lawmaker, he even voted to declare Social Security unconstitutional.  My sense is it will be a while before seniors get over the whiplash from the 180-degree turn the administration has pulled on Medicare and Social Security cuts.  Now, with respect to the days ahead, for me, a lot of this debate starts in my days when I was codirector of the Oregon Gray Panthers. The seniors that I worked with knew what those programs meant. It was their grandparents who faced old age without Social Security. Those seniors with whom I worked during those Gray Panther days remember what happened before we had the safety net. Before there was Social Security and Medicare, you would have needy older people shunted off to poor farms and almshouses. Even if you had meager savings, you were on your own for income or you had to rely on family, and lots of family members were not exactly well off. If you came down with a serious illness, it really meant that you would be living in poverty and squalor. Social Security and Medicare changed those unacceptable terms of the social contract between this country and older people--and changed it for all time. Those programs were about saying that in America--for the older people who fought our wars, strengthened our communities day in and day out, made America a better place because they were always pitching in to help and be constructive--Medicare and Social Security meant that older people and seniors would not face a life of destitution.  That is why I believe every Member of this body--and I heard Senator Murray talk about this--ought to find what Congressman Mulvaney has said against Medicare--his anti-Medicare and anti-Social Security agenda--so troubling. I want to be very specific about the days ahead. Medicare, at its core, has always been a promise. It has been a promise of guaranteed benefits. It is not a voucher. It is not a slip of paper. It is a promise of guaranteed benefits. We made the judgment--I just went briefly through some of the history--because no one would ever know how healthy they would be when they reached age 65. We talked about it in the Budget Committee and in a number of meetings here in the Senate. I am definitely for updating the Medicare promise, updating the Medicare guarantee, and improving it, for example, to include chronic care services, cancer services, diabetes, services dealing with a whole host of chronic illnesses. That is going to consume much of the Medicare budget. We can have more home care and we can use telemedicine, and we can use nonphysician providers.  Senator Murray knows that in our part of the country we really have found a way to get people good quality care in an affordable way, but we are keeping the promise. We are keeping the promise of the Medicare guarantee.  Congressman Mulvaney would break the promise of Medicare. If confirmed, he would join his former House colleague who just became Health and Human Services Secretary, Tom Price, who said in really very blunt terms over the years that he wanted to privatize the program. He wanted to privatize and cut the program. He basically indicated with his legislation that he didn't really believe in Medicare, and he didn't believe in the guarantee of services that Medicare provided. If you look at Congressman Mulvaney's record, it certainly indicates he shares the views of our former House colleague who just became Health and Human Services Secretary, Tom Price.  With respect to Social Security, this year nearly 62 million Americans and their families count on receiving retirement, survivors, and disability benefits to stay afloat. This is a program that keeps tens of millions of seniors out of poverty. It is unquestionably one of the most popular programs in American history. It has changed the fabric of the country for the better.  Again, I think about the days when I worked with older people. We had millions of older people who month in and month out would just walk an economic tightrope. They would try to balance their food costs against their fuel costs and their fuel costs against their medical costs. Social Security and Medicare came along to make sure those older people wouldn't be pushed off that economic tightrope. So Social Security has changed the fabric of the country for the better without doubt, and yet Congressman Mulvaney proposes to raise the Social Security age to 70, which would be a 20 percent cut to benefits.  Let's picture what this means, particularly for the millions of older people who might not have had a job where they could work on their laptop, and they had a physical job. They worked hours and hours on their feet day in and day out. Ask the single mom who spent decades working multiple jobs that way to put food on the table and send her kids to school what it is going to mean to cut their benefits that way--or the loggers or the dock workers, the miners, and all of those people who have worked hard and have been on their feet with physically grueling work. Ask them about raising the Social Security age this way. I think you are going to get a pretty good sense of how strongly Americans oppose this kind of Mulvaney approach.  So by way of summing up, I think it would be hard to find a more significant task for the Congress at this time than protecting Social Security and Medicare, advocating for the two as great achievements in the history of American policymaking. They are right at the center of our safety net.  Now you have to give Congressman Mulvaney credit for one thing. He has been blunt, he has been explicit, and he is not shy about essentially his vision of hollowing these programs out and dismantling them. When asked about whether he was going to stick to his proposal to cut the programs, he said:       I have to imagine that the President knew what he was      getting when he asked me to fill this role. I would like to      think it is why he hired me.  That is why I say--and Senator Murray touched on this--what kind of a bait-and-switch game are we talking about here? You have the President--Candidate Trump--saying: Nothing doing; nobody is going to mess with Social Security and Medicare--off limits. I want older people in America to know they are going to be safe if they elect me.  It was almost like a litmus test for America's older people. Then Congressman Mulvaney comes along and he basically calls the bluff on the whole thing. He describes the bait and switch in very blunt terms, where he says: ``I have to imagine the President knew what he was getting when he asked me to fill this role''--that the President knew what the Mulvaney record was all about, which was about ending Medicare as we know it.  So I will just close by way of saying that I see that a big part of my job, and what Oregonians sent me here to do, is to defend Medicare and Social Security for generations of Americans to come. That is why I am a no on the Mulvaney nomination. I urge my colleagues to oppose the nomination.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  