I think it is important to note that this would walk back months and months of Republican promises to directly link repealing the Affordable Care Act with a replacement--a replacement that would improve coverage, lower premiums, and be better for the American people. In fact, the President of the United States said repeatedly over the last few months that these would be inextricably linked, that repeal and replace would go hand-in-hand. That is not what is on offer right now. What is on offer are specific changes that would actually harm Americans.  For example, no more middle-class tax credits for healthcare--that is something that is critically important to the millions of middle-class folks who are walking on an economic tightrope every month, balancing their food costs against their fuel costs, their fuel costs against their medical costs.  I was struck this morning when I heard that, under this repeal approach, there is not going to be any real pain, that everything is just put off. Make no mistake about it. The pain for our families under this repeal measure is going to start right away. Nobody says they are going to be part of a marketplace if they believe it is not going to exist in a few years. Seventeen million fewer Americans are going to have healthcare 1 year from now. An analysis from the Congressional Budget Office--and this is only a week old--said that half of the country will have zero insurance choices in the private marketplace under this scheme.  I would like to repeat that so people understand that, as to this idea that there is really no pain here and that nothing starts for a long time, the Congressional Budget Office--our nonpartisan, impartial umpire--doesn't agree with that. They said just last week that half of the country will have zero insurance choices in the private marketplace under this scheme. That goes up to 75 percent of Americans with no options in later years.  So my view is that this is just legislative malpractice, first because of the pain and harm it is going to cause so many Americans. The Congressional Budget Office says that kind of misery is going to kick in quickly.  Second--and I don't think this has been discussed on the floor--this walks back months and months of Republican promises. The American people were told again and again that repeal and replace were going to be directly linked. The President said it multiple times. Then he went over the top and told people that they were going to have lower costs and better coverage.  