 I want to take a minute to return to the Innate company itself. I noted earlier that the company has put on a full court press to defend Congressman Price in recent weeks, as details of his special deal have come to light.  I am going to describe why that might be. Innate's executives have sought to portray the company as being a small firm from Down Under that has been inadvertently caught in political crossfire on the other side of the world. But the fact is that Innate has longstanding connections to Congressman Collins and his inner circle, a circle that includes Congressman Price. As the Australian City Newspaper wrote this week, ``Mr. Collins, his children and his `intimate political allies' and donors controlled at least 27.25 percent'' of Innate's voting shares.  Then there is the baffling assertion mailed by Mr. Wilkinson, the CEO, that he only recently learned of Congressman Price's existence through news articles. This is a stretch to believe and flies in the face of Congressman Price's own testimony.  On January 13, the New York Times reported:       Mr. Wilkinson and Michael Quinn, Innate's chairman, said      they had never heard of many of the company's more prominent      investors, and said they first learned that Mr. Price had      invested in the company from an article in the Wall Street      Journal, which first reported his investment.  On February 5, Mr. Wilkinson, the CEO of Innate, told the Buffalo News, ``I think the first time I heard that a gentleman named Tom Price had invested was after the U.S. media started reporting it.''  But Congressman Price was quite clear that he had communicated with Wilkinson. In written testimony, responding to questions for the record, he said: I also communicated with Simon Wilkinson of Innate regarding my interest in participating in the 2016 private placement of company stock. According to Innate's Web site, Mr. Wilkinson is currently the managing director and CEO of the company.  Congressman Price's name was also listed twice in the documents of the company, which reported the private stock sale participants to the Australian stock exchange last summer. Congressman Price also appeared to have bought nearly 5 percent of the discounted shares made available in the private stock sale. Given all that, it seems difficult to believe Mr. Wilkinson's story that he had no idea who Congressman Price was.  Finally, The Australian, the Sydney paper I just mentioned, reported on Monday that Innate and Congressman Collins are facing questions about possible violations of Australia corporation law with regard to his holdings in the company. So why does this matter? It matters because a nominee to be a Cabinet Secretary, Congressman Price, was brought into this web of questionable stock transactions and obfuscations about just how special the special deal he really got was by a company insider, his friend, Congressman Collins.  As I get ready to close, I refer my colleagues to the following articles and documents: ``Congressman Collins under fire for `suspicious' stock trades,'' published in the Buffalo News on January 17 of this year; ``Collins shared biotech stock news with big Buffalo names,'' again from the Buffalo News on January 19; ``Collins' controversial stock venture could be boom or bust,'' from the Buffalo News on February 5 of this year; the Notice of Innate's 2016 Annual Meeting and Explanatory Statement filed on July 29 of 2016; documents filed by Innate on September 12, 2016, and September 26, 2016, reporting results of the 2016 private stock placement.  As we close, I want to return to section 3 of the STOCK Act. It says:       Members of Congress . . . may not use nonpublic information      derived from such person's position . . . or gained from the      performance of such person's official responsibilities as a      means for making a private profit.  So did Congressman Price have access to nonpublic information about Innate or its private stock sale because of his position as a Member of Congress? I believe the answer is yes.  Did he get special access to the discounted private sale because of his position? I believe the answer is yes.  Does he stand to profit because of the information or access he may have received? I believe the answer is yes.  Finally, did Congressman Price tell the Finance Committee and the HELP Committee the truth about how he learned about the private stock sale and the ability of average investors to participate? Congressman Price told the Finance Committee and the HELP Committee that the special stock deal he got in on was open to everyone.  According to the Wall Street Journal and company documents, that is not true. The deal he got was clearly different than what was offered to everyday investors. According to the Journal, his previous purchase of Innate stock did not qualify him to participate in the private placement without being a specially invited friends and family guest. This arrangement allowed Congressman Price to buy more shares than other investors were allowed to buy.  Congressman Price told the Finance Committee that his conversations with Congressman Collins, again, a director of the company, its largest shareholder, had no influence on his investment decisions. According to the Journal, this is not true. The Journal report made clear that Congressman Collins told him about the upcoming drug trial, alerted him to the private stock sale, and arranged to ensure he could participate.  Now the majority party has shut down the vetting process, allowing Congressman Price's nomination to reach the floor before all the facts have come into view. I believe the Senate can do better. It needs to do better. The American people are owed better.  I thank my colleagues, particularly Senator Reed, for his patience and his courtesy.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Daines). The Senator from Rhode Island.  