President, the last few days have proven, once again, that political change in America doesn't start in Washington, DC, and then trickle down. It is from the bottom up.  Because millions of Americans called and texted and tweeted their opposition to an abomination of a health plan, that plan is not going to be on the Senate floor this week, thanks to grassroots America. It is so appropriate at this hour. I also want to make clear we have a bottom line for the next 2 weeks. We have an incredible amount of heavy lifting we have to do to make sure working families and seniors get a fair shake from the American healthcare system.  I say that because, as we speak, Senate Republicans are at the White House strategizing with the President. The horse-trading has already begun, and the Senate Republicans have a slush fund paid for by working families that contains hundreds of billions of dollars that can be used for sweetheart deals that would get them the 51 votes needed to pass this horrendous healthcare bill in the U.S. Senate.  Now I will turn to what we need to focus on in the next 2 weeks at townhall meetings, civic group lunches, discussions with rural healthcare providers. That focus has to be to highlight what this flawed Republican bill really means and how it can't be fixed no matter how much money the Republican leadership throws at these problems. This bill is a healthcare smash-and-grab, designed to benefit the fortunate few, and is paid for by hundreds of billions of dollars in reductions from Medicaid--tax breaks for the wealthy that Senate Republicans are so anxious to dole out, they are willing to make them retroactive. Contrary to what Senate Republicans say, their tax changes don't create jobs. They do create tax windfalls.  Exhibit A, under their bill, you have a $1 million capital gain in February, and, if this bill passes, that lucky person would get a $38,000 tax break. Many of these gains go directly into the pockets of America's 400 most affluent families, while disabled kids, those with opioid addictions, and families where a baby boomer has the misfortune of having a stroke and needs nursing home care face the prospect that the crucial health services they need--services that are life and death for them--will not be there because of this flawed healthcare bill.  Next, I want to point out that over the next 2 weeks, we are going to lay out how this legislation would send costs into the stratosphere for millions and millions of Americans. Start with older people who are about to get hit by what I call a double-age tax. If this bill goes through, insurance companies will have a green light to charge older Americans more than they charge younger people. As if that doesn't raise their costs enough, older Americans are also going to be forced to pay a higher share of their income on healthcare costs because the Senate Republican bill shrinks their tax benefits as they age. Older Americans need more healthcare. They can't afford to skimp out on bare-bones insurance. So many of our older people are going to see their premiums nearly quadruple.  It is not just older Americans who are going to see their costs jump. Right off the top, hundreds of thousands of middle-class families across the country are going to lose tax cuts for healthcare because the Republican bill snatches away their eligibility.  When it comes to the private insurance market, this bill is centered on a plan to push Americans into bargain-basement healthcare coverage. After all the talk about deductibles and out-of-pocket costs being unaffordable, thisRepublican proposal ties middle-class benefits to high-deductible, low-value insurance plans. It is a sleight of hand to make it look like consumers are getting a better deal and lower premiums.  Here is the reality. Of course you can make premiums go down if you force people into insurance that only covers bandaids and a bottle of aspirin. When people get sick or suffer an injury, they are going to read the fine print on their insurance. With this legislation, if it were to pass, they would see sky-high deductibles and cut-rate coverage. For working families, they would face the prospect they would get buried under medical debt because their insurance doesn't cover the care they actually need.  Finally, not even people who get their insurance at work--those folks probably thought they were home free in this debate--not even folks who get their insurance at work are safe from the Senate Republican healthcare plan. Four million Americans are going to lose their employer-sponsored insurance coverage just next year if this bill goes through. Tens of millions of Americans could once again face some of the worst insurance company abuses--annual and lifetime limits on coverage. Those are limits the Affordable Care Act banned, but Republicans are proposing to bring them back.  Let's be real clear. If you bring them back and don't protect people from skyrocketing costs, it means that if they develop cancer, they could bust through their coverage limit, and, once again, we would go back to the days in America where those folks were forced into personal bankruptcy because millions of people without coverage will be unable to pay for the care they need. People with employer-based insurance are going to get hit with a hidden tax in the form of higher premiums.  So if an American listening to this is considering early retirement, think again. The cost could well be too high. If you were thinking of leaving your job, becoming an entrepreneur, and starting your own business, you can think again. Your costs could be higher under this plan, especially if you have specific medical needs.  Then there is the generation of adults in the workforce today--people who are middle class, who are doing everything they can to support their families and save whenever possible. They may not be thinking about the expense of long-term care, but the fact is, growing older in America really costs a lot.  Because of this bill, millions of people will no longer be able to count on Medicaid being there to cover their long-term care in a nursing home or at home where they are most comfortable later in life.  I want to close by way of saying that what we have to do now is make sure that--to beat this destructive Republican bill; this is the only way to do it--Americans keep tweeting, keep sending letters, keep finding rallies to attend, tell your stories about how you are going to do worse with this bill. And then tell your friends' stories and your family's stories. It is a virtual lock that this bill is going to come back around.  I close today by way of saying that grassroots America, by speaking out--the fact that they did that and did all that work I have described is why this flawed bill is not going to be voted on in the Senate this week. We need everybody over the next 2 weeks, seniors and working families and people all across this country--my message is that we need you to stay loud because that is the only way we will finally stop this bill in its tracks.  I yield to our friend from Maryland, Senator Cardin.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Grassley). The Senator from Maryland.  