President, whenever the discussion in the Senate turns to gun violence, we often hear Senators say: We shouldn't be talking about guns; we ought to be talking about mental health. That is exactly what we are trying to make sure is the focus of this debate because this proposed rule is about mental health, and it is about background checks; it is not about taking away anyone's constitutional rights.  Here is how the proposal works. If there is an individual with a severe mental impairment--that means that another person, perhaps a family member--is in charge of their Social Security benefits, then the background check is to be informed by Social Security that the person with a severe mental impairment is ineligible to buy a gun.  Having listened to the debate yesterday, I think everybody is going to be a little confused about what happens then because the reality is that anyone who thinks they have been unfairly affected can appeal, and the likelihood is substantial that they are going to win. If the appeal goes the other way and the individual believes the decision is wrong, then that person can take the matter to court. It is not true to say this rule deprives any American of due process. It is a rule aimed directly at the two areas in this debate--mental health and background checks--where there is enormous support from the American people.  The reality is you can talk to people in virtually any community--you can go to a townhall meeting in any part of the United States--and you will hear enormous support for background checks. One recent poll found that 92 percent of gun owners supported expanded background checks. Ninety-two percent of gun owners supported background checks. So not only is the position I am articulating not extreme, opposing background checks is the position that, in fact, has become increasingly out of the mainstream.  As the courts continue to interpret the language of the Second Amendment, one matter has been clear: Background checks are a constitutional part of the exercise of those rights.  I have heard some saying that the rule can be improved, that it ought to be tailored. I am very open to having a debate around those kinds of questions. That is not going to be possible if this resolution passes. This will preempt debate. The resolution doesn't just scrap the rule, it blocks any further step on this issue for years. In my view, that would be the wrong way to go, even if you have suggestions for improving the rule.  So to wrap up the debate, I want colleagues to know that this rule, this proposal that has been described on the floor--this resolution--ought to be opposed because for those who want improved mental health, for those who want background checks, for those who are just saying what we need to do in this area as it relates to gun violence--it is not about Democrats and it is not about Republicans; it is about common sense. The commonsense position today for background checks, a focus on mental health, and, most importantly, common sense is to oppose the resolution.  I yield the floor.  