President, I thank my colleague for an excellent statement and for appealing to the better angels.  Mr. President, I am rising to speak about the Donnelly amendment, which is very much needed because the President--and now Republicans--are walking back a clear commitment.  The President said in the campaign that he would not cut Medicaid, he wouldn't touch it, but even before the inauguration, the Trump team eagerly signed on to a Republican plan to slash it by more than $700 billion. They stared into television cameras, looked American voters in the eyes, and said that somehow these massive cuts to Medicaid wouldn't in any way harm the seniors. Medicaid picks up 2 out of 3 dollars with respect to seniors in nursing home beds and special needs kids and disabled youngsters.  When we hear that Medicaid picks up the cost of two out of three nursing home beds and compare that to the President's statement that he wouldn't cut Medicaid--wouldn't cut it--when we are now faced with a plan to cut it by more than $700 billion, one, that is walking back the President's solemn pledge in the campaign, and, two, it is going to make it harder for older people in this country to be able to afford long-term care.  The majority has brought the TrumpCare debate and the extreme Medicaid cuts that I just described directly to the floor of this Senate without a single committee hearing to justify this ill-advised policy.  Our colleague from Indiana, Senator Donnelly, has put forward an important amendment to stop this ideological crusade to unravel the Medicaid safety net. Senator Donnelly's proposal would send this partisan attack on Medicaid back to the Senate Finance Committee, where it should have been raised and struck down in the first place.  Mr. President, I am the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee. My focus in public life has always been to try to find common ground with people of common sense. And I wrote with colleagues--many of whom still serve on the Republican side and on the Democratic side--a universal coverage bill that pulled together both sides of the political spectrum.  So unless you provide an opportunity to have a discussion about the Medicaid safety net in the Senate Finance Committee, you are not going to be able to have policies that get to common ground on this vital issue. What you are going to have is what is really on offer now--an anti-Medicaid crusade that is a grave threat to the health and well-being of tens of millions of Americans.  Over the last few months, I have heard Republican colleagues say that Medicaid is a disincentive to work and that there are too many able-bodied adults enrolled. If you look at the facts, that is not what the program is all about. Medicaid is a vital source of coverage for our neighbors and friends who live in poverty. It tells those families that healthcare is covered while they work to climb the economic ladder in the private sector.  In addition to that, for the older people I have mentioned--these are the folks who have done everything right in life. They went to school, they found jobs, they worked hard in their careers, they raised families, and they scrimped and saved all through their lives. Growing old in America is pretty costly. So what happens is that millions of seniors who have done everything right spend down their savings, and that is when Medicaid steps in to help. It covers two out of three seniors living in nursing homes. It is a major source of funding for community-based care, and people generally don't know that. Now they may have heard about nursing homes, but it also picks up the costs for community-based care, where older people are more comfortable, and it often costs less than institutional care.  Seniors who lose those benefits due to TrumpCare Medicaid cuts are going to have to find somewhere else to live. A lot of families want to be able to help elderly parents and grandparents. It is going to be pretty hard because a lot of them are walking on an economic tightrope, and if they go lookingfor nursing home care, it is going to cost on average more than $90,000.  So it is seniors, and it is disabled folks who count on Medicaid to have a chance to be productive. With the Medicaid benefits under threat, people with disabilities are going to find it hard to be able to attain the productive role in our society that they so fervently want to have. Our communities are so much better off when folks with disabilities can contribute, and Medicaid makes that possible. It covers services that many private insurers don't. It helps people make it out of bed and provides safe transportation to jobs. It helps them avoid unnecessary illnesses. It is not a disincentive for people with disabilities to work; having the support of Medicaid is what makes it possible for disabled folks to work.  Across the country, there are millions of kids with special needs who rely on Medicaid every day for services--behavioral care services, mental health services. Mom or dad might have good insurance through work, but private plans don't always cover the care those vulnerable kids need.  