 We are talking about a Federal mandate here. It is good policy. We need to protect our critical clean water resources. But this is a Federal mandate put on our local communities.  The Republicans, for 12 years, have failed to reauthorize this law and have consistently cut funding to our communities in the face of this unfunded Federal mandate. The backlog has grown from $300 to $500 billion over the next 20 years to maintain, rehab and, yes, do some new construction for population growth.  We have here a very aptly named ``SAP'' from the White House. The White House says $14 billion is excessive. Let's see, that is about 3 to 5 percent of the demonstrated need in this unfunded mandate on our communities, and the White House says, 3 to 5 percent, that's excessive. And then they go on with this ideological claptrap: ``It will distort market signals by discouraging utilities and their consumers from moving toward full cost pricing, and they will delay undertaking projects.'' My community is under consent agreements under law, under Federal law to do this. They can't delay. What a bunch of claptrap. They are trying to take care of WallStreet here and not Main Street. Wall Street wants to be able to issue these bonds in the private sector. They don't want the government to help these communities. They can make a little bit of commission there.  And they want to drive down the wages of the workers. Why do you hate the middle class so much? Why don't you think people should earn a living wage? What claptrap. ``The market should set wages altogether. We shouldn't have a minimum wage.'' Come on, what planet are you people from? Who do you represent? Do you represent the special interests, or do you represent average and working families in this country?  Look at the communities in my district. Coburg, a thousand people; $95 debt retirement, plus user fees. Not exactly a wealthy community. Sweet Home, 7,500 people, a depressed timber community in the mountains, $220 a month if they don't get some help for their fees. Gardner, 340 people on the coast; $2.5 million for 340 people. And the White House says helping them would be excessive and it would distort the market.  Why do you hate the middle class and our communities so much? And guess what, businesses are going to suffer, too, if we don't make this investment.  