Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 247, a bill to rename Forest Service trail number 3590, which circumnavigates the world-renowned Waldo Lake, as the ``Jim Weaver Loop Trail'' in honor of former Congressman Jim Weaver. The legislation would also designate this 22 mile trail as a national recreational trail under the National Trails System Act. This legislation has special significance to me because Mr. Weaver was not only my predecessor as the representative of Oregon's Fourth Congressional District, but he was also my boss--both here in Washington, D.C. and back home in the district--and is a friend. I am pleased that the legislation is cosponsored and supported by all of Oregon's five House members. In addition, it is supported by the Forest Service and a number of local interest groups.  Jim Weaver has been an Oregonian for nearly sixty years. He represented the southwest portion of the state in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1975 to 1987. During his time in Congress, Mr. Weaver made natural resource conservation one of his signature pursuits. He was a tireless advocate for outdoor recreation, and the protection of some of Oregon's most treasured natural features.  He was the leading force responsible for the inclusion of new wilderness areas north of Waldo Lake in the Oregon Wilderness Act of 1984, and worked tirelessly with then Senator Hatfield to ensure that these lands received protection.  The 10 square mile Waldo Lake is considered ultraoligotrophic, meaning it's ranked as one of the purest bodies of water on Earth, and is comparable to distilled water. According to the Forest Service's Water Quality Report, two of the main reasons for its purity are the low levels of sedimentation and lack of development in the area, two characteristics which should be credited to Mr. Weaver's efforts.  Waldo Lake and the surrounding area, including the loop trail, is a popular recreation destination. Naming this trail for Mr. Weaver is a fitting tribute to the legacy of Congressman Weaver and his commitment to protecting Waldo Lake and the surrounding area.  This legislation gives long-overdue recognition to Congressman Weaver and forever associates his name with an area that he loves and worked hard to protect. I want to thank Chairman Rahall and his Staff Director, Jim Zoia, and Ranking Member Young for their efforts in dicharging the bill for today's floor action. I look forward to the Senate taking up the bill expeditiously, and I urge its adoption.  