Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.  First, to correct the gentleman, it is not a new program. It is an ongoing program.  However, we are going to add an element. No longer will it just be competitive. It will be risk-based.  Now, he is true. On the Republican watch, when they controlled the House, the Senate, and the White House, there were scandalous and wasteful expenditures of funds by the early startup of the Department of Homeland Security, which actually I opposed creating that giant new bureaucracy. I thought we could have done it in a much more effective way.  However, I serve on the committee now that has jurisdiction over that. We are cleaning up the mess you guys created. This is a risk-based program. It is competitive.  Now, are we are telling the 800 million people a year who ride buses in the U.S. they are third or fourth class? The gentleman says it is a private undertaking; they shouldn't even be able to get risk-based competitive grants. Well, would you abandon aviation security, too? That is also a private industry. Rail? Well, most of that is private, with the exception of Amtrak. All of maritime is private, so I guess we will sort of abandon the ports.  If you follow that principle to its illogical conclusion, we would not spend public taxpayer dollars to defend any mode of transportation in this country, with very narrow exceptions. That is not the criteria that we need to apply here: risk-based, competitive.  Now, what happened after 9/11? How did people get around the country? We need alternate modes.  An important Federal official was here on 9/11. He had to get back to Oregon. He took Amtrak. Other people took the bus system. So you have got to understand redundancy. You have got to understand risk. And, hopefully, we will provide the oversight that was lacking before to make sure that we don't have any more of those scandalous things that he talked about. Those are the past. That was on the all-Republican watch. We will do better.  