Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this legislation is truly a compendium of technical corrections. When you look at a bill the magnitude of SAFETEA-LU and its extraordinary importance in our economy, and I believe the signature accomplishment of the last Congress, there are bound to be some drafting errors and other minor concerns in the legislation. We recognized those quite early on and had hoped to pass this bill, this technical corrections bill, during the last Congress; but it was never considered by the Senate, as are so many things that we do around here. Hopefully, this time we will get this needed work done.  There are some essential things to be accomplished in this legislation. There is an oversight in the bill that results in the Surface Transportation Research Development and Deployment account being oversubscribed. People say, who cares.  Well, actually it means that critical programs for the Federal Highway Administration Legacy Research and research programs will not be funded, and that creates a major problem. For instance, this would mean that we would not get the biennial ``Conditions and Performance Report.'' If we are going to maintain and improve our Nation's transportation infrastructure, we need to understand its status, its condition, and its need for future investment as we move toward yet another transportation bill in the coming Congress.  It provides appraisals of highways, bridges, and transit finance, their expenditures in those accounts, and compares it to the needs we have, operational performance and future investment requirements.  It also would free up additional funding for the National Surface Transportation Policy and Revenue Study Commission, something that was created as part of SAFETEA-LU and has yet to get its work accomplished. We have charged them with both looking at and assessing the future needs, building on the requirements I just mentioned, the annual reports of the Department of Transportation, but even going beyond that to determine our infrastructure needs both to maintain the current infrastructure, to enhance it, and to mitigate congestion and to move toward a less congested and more fuel-efficient transportation future.  They have also been charged with looking at how we pay for these vital investments and assessing the current revenue source, the gas tax, and some assorted excise taxes with future needs. This is again critical work to be done by that commission.  This will better fund their work and give them some of the staff assistance they need, give them the capability of obtaining the data that they need, and extend the deadline for the report to Congress, which will be a crucial building block in the next transportation bill, by 6 months. We have now set a deadline of December 31, 2007.  The bill also clarifies something regarding a sense of Congress regarding the buy America requirement. We feel that the Federal Highway Administration is not implementing the Buy America Act consistent with our, Congress's, statutory intent. They are beginning to break projects down into segments in a way that was not anticipated so that they can basically go around some of the buy America requirements. We want to reinforce here that the separate component test is not what we intended, and the amendment included in this bill is intended to clarify congressional intent and provide guidance to the Federal Highway Administration in the implementation of that section of the bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  