2 in Federal revenue for every dollar invested?  Seems a simple choice to me. Perhaps not, but we'll see when we get to the vote.  Thirty years ago Jimmy Carter created and reactivated the Selective Service System. Now, he said this was symbolic, to send a message to the Soviet Union which had invaded Afghanistan. Well, today the United States of America is in Afghanistan in pursuit of the Taliban and al Qaeda and attempting to pacify that country. Surely that symbolism is no longer needed.  No one, no one in this House, two people, in fact, the last time we voted, said they wanted to reinstitute the draft. No one downtown at the administration says they want to reinstitute the draft. No one at the Pentagon says, under any scenario, that they envision reinstituting the draft. They prefer the All-Volunteer Force.  So if we were to transfer $10 million from this obsolete, Cold War, symbolic bureaucracy which has no function in today's society, in today's world, and is not necessary for today's readiness, we could create tens of thousands of jobs across America and assist small businesses to begin to create even more jobs.  I believe it's a very simple choice: $10 million from Selective Service, and add$10 million to the SBDC. The Congressional Budget Office says it's budget-neutral. There are 1,100 SBDC offices, all 50 States, DC., Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa and the U.S. Virgin Islands. They're a collaborative effort. This is not a bureaucracy. This is not dumping money into the maw of Washington, DC.  State, local governments, the private sector and education community serve more than 1.3 million small businesses and aspiring entrepreneurs a year. Every Federal dollar, as I said earlier, invested in Small Business Development Corporations yields $2.82 in additional revenue to the Treasury. A new business is opened by an SBDC in-depth client every 33 minutes in the United States of America. Our entrepreneurs need this help.  Similarly, these clients create a new job every 7 minutes and generate $100,000 in sales every 9 minutes. What a great return on a Federal investment, to help American entrepreneurs put people to work in this country and make us competitive in the international community.  In my home State of Oregon, the SBDC has created 3,300 new jobs, generated new wages of more than $53 million. The SBDC has served more than 6,000 small businesses in Oregon alone. Across the Nation those numbers are obviously much larger.  The Association of Small Business Development Centers requested funding of $110 million for SBDCs for fiscal year 2008. That would essentially provide a catch-up for all the years in which their budget was restrained or cut by the previous Congress and the administration. That could create 110,000 new jobs, save an additional 110,000 jobs, and make $11.7 billion in new sales, preserve $8.4 billion in existing sales, and obtain $4.5 billion in financing to grow businesses, and generate $310 million in new Federal revenues for economic growth.  This, I believe, is a great investment in America. We do not need to continue dumping maw down the bureaucracy of the Selective Service System. They've been incompetent since day 1. Commercial databases could better provide the data we need if ever a draft were needed. And even if a draft were needed, guess what? We have no training capacity, so the people who were drafted would have to wait 6 months to a year in any case.  So we don't need an active, on-the-edge Selective Service System in this country for a draft that no longer exists and only two Members of the previous Congress thought should exist.  I believe this is a commonsense amendment. Put Selective Service in deep stand-by and help the Small Business Development Corporation live up to its full potential creating jobs and economic potential for this country.  I yield back the balance of my time.  