Chairman, I rise today to speak in favor of H.R. 2262, the Hardrock Mining and Reclamation Act of 2007, introduced by my good friend, Chairman Rahall. In 1991, I introduced the Mining Law Reform Act of 1991, which was very similar to the legislation that we are considering today. The following year, I introduced an amendment to another mining reform bill--also introduced by Chairman Rahall--that would have put a 12.5 percent royalty on hardrock minerals mined on Federal public lands. It is beyond belief that for the past 135 years, the law has allowed these minerals to be extracted with no royalty paid to the American people, unlike the royalties paid by oil, gas, and coal developers.  So, I am very familiar with the issues involved in hardrock mining and the efforts to reform the antiquated 1872 mining law.  Unfortunately, none of these previous measures became law. Today, however, we have a real chance at mining reform. I am glad for that.  H.R. 2262 is a vast improvement over the 1872 mining law that currently guides mineral development on our public lands. Still, it could be improved further.  In the markup of this bill held by the Natural Resources Committee, I offered an amendment that would have clarified that the royaltyprovisions of H.R. 2262 do not apply to small miners, many of whom reside in my district in Oregon. The Bureau of Land Management estimates that there are approximately 3,400 small miners in Oregon that hold 10 or fewer claims, who engage in casual use of the public lands for hand panning, nonmotorized sluicing, and other small, recreational mining activities. Unfortunately, my amendment was not approved by the committee, although Chairman Rahall agreed to work with me to address my concerns.  I intended to offer the same amendment to H.R. 2262 here today on the floor, to do just that. The Rules Committee, however, did not make my amendment in order. Therefore, I rise today to speak on this issue.  I am told by Chairman Rahall and his staff that the underlying bill does not apply to recreational miners, or those miners engaged in casual use of the public lands; i.e., those mining activities that do not ordinarily result in any disturbance of public lands and resources. Sections 302 and 304 of H.R. 2622 indicate that miners engaged in casual use do not have to get a permit to mine, and section 103 states that miners who hold less than 10 claims are exempt from paying the maintenance fee required under the act.  I am told that this language, combined with existing regulations, means that recreational miners are not subject to the royalty provisions of H.R. 2622. I remain unconvinced that this is the case, which is why I wanted to offer my amendment. If it is true that small miners are not covered by this legislation, then adding clarifying language should not have been a problem. If the bill is in fact unclear, my amendment would have clarified it. In addition, my amendment would have addressed concerns raised by Chairman Rahall that exempting small miners from royalty payments was a slippery slope, and that the exemption would have reduced revenues to the Federal Government. Nevertheless, I was not permitted to offer my amendment.  Therefore, let me be clear now, it is not my intention that the royalty provisions of H.R. 2622--specifically, section 102 of the legislation--apply to small recreational miners engaged in casual use of the public lands for mining. Hand panning, the use of hand tools, and other similar activities that work public lands for enjoyment or to supplement one's income is a time-honored tradition in this country, and explicitly anticipated by a variety of Federal laws governing the multiple use of these lands. While a revamp of the 1872 mining law is more than overdue, including placing royalties on the minerals extracted from Federal lands, we must ensure that small, recreational mining opportunities are not lost. My amendment would have guaranteed protection for small miners. I am disappointed that I was unable to offer it today.  I have made my concerns known to my colleagues in the Senate, and have provided them with copies of my amendment. When this legislation reaches their Chamber, I will call on them to ensure that small miners are not subject to the royalty provisions of this bill. Until then, I will reserve my judgment on whether I will support a final conference report on mining reform.  