 President, I have listened with interest to my good friend from Nevada. I hope Senators will be more supportive of our elected allies who are the Government of Iraq. The national security adviser for the Government of Iraq just said a few hours ago:       And we will never give amnesty to those who have killed      American soldiers or killed Iraqi soldiers or civilians.  So this notion of amnesty about a new, duly-elected Iraqi Government is a sideshow, an effort to divert our attention away from the core issue. Over in the House of Representatives today, they are having a much needed debate on the Iraq war. I had hoped that we would have that debate in the Senate. I read that several of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle were interested in offering an amendment that would codify what they have said publicly, which is that the troops ought to be out by the end of this year. I hope they will come down and offer that amendment. I hope we will have that debate. I think it is a good time to have that debate.  It is a good time to remind the American people that it is no accident that we have not been attacked again since 9/11. Nobody would have predicted that in the fall of 2001. If we asked for a show of hands in the Senate of how many Senators thought we would be attacked again that year, I think every hand would have gone up. Certainly, the American people expected another attack. By going on the offense, which the President suggested we do shortly after 9/11, we have succeeded dramatically in the principal reason for advancing the war on terrorism, and that was to protect us at home. Almost 5 years later, we have not been attacked again. While nobody will predict that we will never be attacked again, it is noteworthy that we have not been attacked again. Believe me, it is not an accident. Why have we not been attacked again? Because we went into Afghanistan and into Iraq. We liberated 50 million people. A lot of the terrorists are dead. Several are at Guantanamo. Many are hiding in their caves. Yes, some are still around doing mischief in Baghdad rather than in Washington or New York.  This is the time we ought to be having the debate about Iraq strategy. We are on the Defense authorization bill. Colleagues on the other side have said they were going to offer an amendment to advocate withdrawal by the end of the year. Let's have that debate. I cannot think of a better time.  Right now in Iraq, according to the latest AP story, since we were able to get Zarqawi last week, we have carried out 452 raids; 104 insurgents were killed during those actions; we have discovered 28 significant arms caches; 255 of the raids were joint operations, with 143 of them carried out by Iraqi forces alone; and the raids resulted in casualties of 759 anti-Iraqi elements. That is just in the last week. So we have them on the run in Iraq.  Why would anybody want to suggest that we ought to run when we have them on the run? But I think that is a legitimate debate. I hoped that we would have it. It is 2:10. I have been waiting anxiously all day, assuming that we would have that amendment laid down by those on the other side of the aisle and get on about the debate. Maybe we should have it in any event because it is time to step up and be counted.  Do we want to stay and finish the job and continue to protect America or do we want to send a message to the terrorists, when we have them on the run, that we are about to cut and run and leave them there to their own devices? I don't know any responsible countries in the world at this point, regardless of how they may have initially felt about the decision to go into Iraq, that think it is a good idea to leave now--particularly as we are making dramatic progress with their new constitution; a new, fully staffed government; the death of the most notorious terrorist in the country; these successful raids that have been carried out in the last week; and the effort underway to clean Baghdad out.  Why in the world would we want to say to those elements in Iraq, which want the country to be a haven for terrorism forever, that you can count onus to be out of here by the end of the year; that we are giving you adequate notice that we are leaving by the end of the year?  I see my colleague from Texas on the Senate floor. I wondered if he had a question.  