 President, I come to the floor today to pay tribute to our distinguished colleague from West Virginia who, as the majority leader and the Democratic leader pointed out, celebrates today truly a momentous occasion, becoming the longest serving U.S. Senator in the history of our country.  Senator Byrd's record and achievements have been covered by the majority leader and the Democratic leader. I would like to make a few different observations.  When Senator Byrd came to this body in 1959, he was a member of a very large Democratic class. His party had had a very good day. It was the second term of President Eisenhower. In his class were such people as Eugene McCarthy and Tom Dodd and Phil Hart. Lyndon Baines Johnson was the leader of his party in the Senate at the time. In fact, Senator Byrd was accompanied to the well on his first day in office not by the senior Senator from his State, as is tradition, but by Majority Leader Johnson, his future mentor.  Shortly before the distinguished Senator from West Virginia got here, Majority Leader Johnson had appointed a committee to pick out the five greatest United States Senators in history. John F. Kennedy was appointed to be the head of that committee. After due deliberation, they picked out five Senators: Henry Clay from my State of Kentucky, Daniel Webster, John C. Calhoun, Robert La Follette, and Robert Taft. Those five Senators, who were designated as the five greatest Senators of all time, are depicted out here off the Senate Chamber in the waiting room.  Six or 8 years ago, we decided to consider adding two more to the list. I had the opportunity to be on a committee that reviewed the possibility of adding two more. We concluded there were two more who should be added, one Democrat and one Republican.  Our colleagues on the Democratic side picked Robert Wagner of New York, who was the author of most of President Roosevelt's New Deal legislation. After due deliberation, the Republicans on the committee, of which I was one, concluded that Arthur Vandenberg was the appropriate selection for us, based upon his willingness in the late 1940s to make the Truman containment policy, the Marshall plan, and other initiatives at the beginning of the Cold War that basically set out the strategy that we followed until the Berlin Wall came down in 1989. We thought that Arthur Vandenberg would be the appropriate one for us. So two more Senators were added--Arthur Vandenberg and Robert Wagner.  Today I think it is safe to predict that some day in the future, some Senate will decide to revisit the issue of what other great Senators might be added to this pantheon off the Senate floor that now includes seven United States Senators in our history. I think I can confidently predict that near the top of the list, if not at the top of the list, some day down the road will be the distinguished Senator from West Virginia.  Mr. President, today, June 12, 2006, is our good friend from West Virginia's 17,327th day in the Senate, making him the longest-serving Senator ever.  Senator Robert C. Byrd's first day as a Senator was January 3, 1959, when he was 41 years old. He is the 1,579th Senator. Some of his contemporaries were John Sherman Cooper, Hubert Humphrey, Everett Dirksen, John F. Kennedy, and Richard Russell.  Over his nearly 50 years of service here--he has been elected to eight full terms--Senator Byrd has served with 405 Senators, out of a total of 1,885 Senators who ever served. That is 21.5 percent of the total number. Over a fifth of all Senators who ever served can say they served with Senator Byrd.  And I add that Senator Byrd is only the second Senator ever to be elected to eight full terms.  As the Senators from two coal-producing States, Senator Byrd and I have worked together on a number of issues over the years to ensure that coal remains a safe, cheap, and plentiful source of energy, and that coal miners and their families can continue in this industry. Together we ensured that the Capitol complex would continue to be heated by coal. And we work together as members of the Appropriations Committee. I thank the Senator for his friendship over the years.  As astounding as the Senator from West Virginia's service in this body is, I must point out that he has even more experience representing the people of West Virginia. Senator Byrd served in the West Virginia House of Delegates from 1947 to 1950, the West Virginia Senate from 1951 to 1952, and the U.S. House of Representatives from 1953 to 1959. He was elected to his first office in 1946.  He was also elected assistant majority whip here in the Senate in 1965. In 1971, he was elected majority whip. I have heard that can be a tough job.  In 1977, Senator Byrd succeeded Senator Mike Mansfield as majority leader. He has also served as minority leader and Senate President pro tempore, meaning he has held every major position in the Senate.  After serving as majority and minority leader, Senator Byrd became chairman of the Appropriations Committee in 1989, and has been chairman or ranking member ever since. Our colleague from Alaska, the current Senate President pro tempore, has served with him on that committee since 1973.  Senator Byrd set the record for number of Senate votes cast at 12,134 on April 27, 1990, breaking a record set by Senator William Proxmire. He cast his 17,000th vote in March 2004, and continues to set the record every time he votes. As of the opening of the Senate today, he has cast 17,666 votes.  As his constituents in West Virginia know so well, Senator Byrd is the son of a coal miner. Before government service, he worked as a welder in wartime shipyards and as a meat cutter in a coal company town.  Senator Byrd is also an expert on Senate history. He wrote, with the assistance of Senate historian Richard Baker, a four-volume collection of history, speeches and statistics titled ``The Senate'' 1789-1989. He also wrote a history called ``The Senate of the Roman Republic,'' and a 2005 autobiography titled ``Child of the Appalachian Coalfields.''  And my good friend from West Virginia is an accomplished fiddle player as well. He has performed on the television variety show ``Hee Haw,'' at the Grand Ole Opry, and at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. He even recorded an album called ``Mountain Fiddler.''  Senator Byrd earned his law degree from American University in 1963, while serving in the Senate. He attended night school while doing a full day's work here. President Kennedy presented him with his diploma and gave the commencement address.  President Kennedy received an honorary degree from American University at the ceremony. So he began his commencement address with these words:       President Anderson, members of the faculty, Board of      Trustees, distinguished guests, my old colleague Senator Bob      Byrd, who has earned his degree through many years of      attending night law school while I am earning mine in the      next thirty minutes, ladies and gentlemen . . .  In 1994, Senator Byrd was awarded his B.A. summa cum laude by Marshall University, which he had attended for one semester in 1951. He had earned A's in all his classes, but could not afford to continue. So he actually received his law degree before his bachelor's.  Senator Byrd is the first West Virginian in history to win all 55 of that State's counties in a statewide race. I am sure many of his fellow West Virginians know of his knowledge and reverence for the Constitution, and that he always carries a copy in his left breast pocket.  Senator Byrd's legacy in this body is felt every day. Martin Gold, author of ``Senate Procedure and Practice,'' wrote:       Senator Robert Byrd (D-WV) is a giant in the field of      parliamentary history and law. No Senator has had a greater      impact on Senate rules and precedents.  And Michael Barone, in The Almanac of American Politics, said this of  Senator Byrd:       Robert Byrd, the senior member of the United States Senate,      may come closer to the kind of senator the Founding Fathers      had in mind than any other.  Now, these comments from scholars are certainly to be respected. But I think Senator Byrd said it best at a spirited rally near the end of one of his recent campaigns for office. Senator Byrd said:       West Virginia has always had four friends: God Almighty,      Sears Roebuck, Carter's Liver Pills and Robert C. Byrd.  Mr. President, Senator Byrd would be the first to tell us he could not have accomplished all he has without the love of his life, his partner, and his best friend--his wife, Erma Ora James Byrd. Erma passed away this March, 2 months shy of what would have been their 69th wedding anniversary.  The daughter of a coal miner, today would have been her 89th birthday. I am sure she is watching down on us from Heaven today as we honor her husband, the Senator from West Virginia.  Stories of enduring love are part of the history of any nation. Robert and Erma were made for each other, and were together for nearly 69 years. Mr. President, I believe they are one of our Nation's great love stories.  I say to my friend and colleague from West Virginia, no one has had a greater career here. Your service is of great distinction. We all admire you very much, and we are here today to honor you on this most important occasion.  I yield the floor.  