 President, I rise to voice my strong support for the nomination of Dr. Robert M. Gates to be the Nation's 22nd Secretary of Defense. His intelligence, candor, and many years of national security experience make him an excellent choice to lead the Pentagon and our Nation's troops during this critical time in war on terror.  Dr. Gates wore his country's uniform as a U.S. Air Force officer; his service includes time spent with the Strategic Air Command, the prestigious unit once charged with protecting America from a nuclear attack by the Soviet Union. Dr. Gates's career includes two decades with the CIA, where he started as an entry-level employee and rose to the top position. And he spent 9 years at the National Security Council. Throughout his Government service, he has advised six Presidents.  Having previously served as Deputy Director of Central Intelligence from 1986 to 1989, Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Adviser from 1989 to 1991, and Director of Central Intelligence from 1991 to 1993, Dr. Gates is one of the most qualified national-security specialists in the country.  As DCI he led over 100,000 employees and managed the Agency at a critical juncture at the end of the Cold War. And he has spent the last 13 years outside of government, giving him both a keen understanding of best business practices and a fresh perspective to tackle America's security challenges.  Dr. Gates has a proven record of bipartisan cooperation, demonstrated most recently by his tenure with the Iraq Study Group. As a member of that group, he has traveled to Iraq, met Iraqi leaders, and talked to our military commanders on the ground. He is ready to hit the ground running and lead the Pentagon from the day he is confirmed.  Five years into the war on terror, America has made great progress. But much hard work still lies ahead, as we continue to defend Americans here at home while fighting abroad the terrorists who would do us harm. The position of Secretary of Defense is more important than ever, and I believe the President has made an outstanding choice.  Dr. Gates has the wisdom and the ability to succeed. He will be a strong leader for the Pentagon and our brave men and women in uniform. I urge my colleagues to support his nomination, and I will wholeheartedly vote for his confirmation.  