 President, I today salute a hero for all Americans, a leader for his party, and my friend, Senator Robert Joseph Dole.  This week marks 10 years since Senator Dole retired from this Chamber, a day I remember well. Senator Dole left as the longest-serving Republican leader in Senate history. In fact, the beginning of his leadership tenure coincided with my first term in the Senate, starting in January 1985.  Even then, it was clear that Senator Dole was and is not just another Senator, but a national fixture in American politics. Author Michael Barone, writing in his Almanac of American Politics, has this to say about our friend from Kansas:       Senator Bob Dole is one of the large political figures of      our time, in the middle 1990s towering over everyone else in      the political landscape, even the president . . . for Bob      Dole is not only one of the most successful politicians of      the second half of the 20th Century but also one of the most      enduring.  Powerful words about a powerful leader. Many of my colleagues have already recounted Senator Dole's extensive political career, his record of legislative accomplishment, and his leadership of the Republican Party, here in the Senate and as the Republican candidate for both President and Vice-President of the United States. Beginning with his chairmanship of the Republican National Committee in 1971, Senator Dole was a prominent player on the national stage for a quarter-century.  Senator Dole's heroism on the battlefield is well-known and revered by us all as well. In 1945, a young Lieutenant Dole from Russell, KS, found himself on the hills of Italy, fighting the Nazis. Suddenly pain exploded in his back. Paralyzed by his war injury, Bob Dole spent 4 years in hospital wards, relearning how to do simple tasks, like button his shirt. To this day his right arm remains largely paralyzed.  I believe the determination and focus Senator Dole must have had to recover from that injury explains his success in politics, and with the American people. After struggling to regain control of one's body, lining up a vote on a difficult bill might be a little less daunting. I have heard Senator Dole say before that no honor that has come his way has ever surpassed the pride he felt at wearing his country's uniform.  As a Republican Leader, Bob Dole was about results, not symbolism or showmanship. President George H.W. Bush, for instance, cited him as instrumental in the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act in 1990. Out of office, he has continued to serve his country, fundraising for worthy causes and raising awareness of the dangers of prostate cancer.  Senator Dole is also famous for his dry, Midwestern wit, which has lifted many of us here in the Senate in times of despair as well as levity. This is a man who, after losing the Republican Presidential nomination in 1988, assured an audience that he ``went home and slept like a baby. Every couple of hours, I'd wake up and cry.''  My colleagues and I continue to be graced every day in this chamber by the presence of another prominent Senator Dole, the Senator from North Carolina. Elizabeth, I wish to express how happy we all are Bob has found you, and you have found Bob. You remind us of him every day, and we hope that you will tell him how much we all respect and miss him, and how pleased we are to honor his service.  