 Yet at such a difficult time, too many families in America today must make decisions about selling a business or a farm that has been in the family for generations in order to pay estate taxes, or, as they are more commonly called, death taxes.  That is wrong. That is why I support the repeal of the death tax--immediately, completely, and permanently. No American family should be forced to visit the undertaker and the tax collector on the same day.  We have made important progress towards eliminating this onerous tax under President Bush's leadership. In 2001, Congress began phasing out the death tax, and will phase it out completely in 2010. Yet because of our budget rules, the death tax will return in full force in 2011.  Starting in 2011, many small-business owners and their families may be unfairly penalized if we do not eliminate the death tax. We can change that by repealing one of the most destructive, unfair taxes ever conceived by government. Let's kill the death tax forever.  We ought to kill it especially on behalf of America's small businesses, the lifeblood of our growing economy. From their successes come the new jobs of today and the economic growth of tomorrow. Yet the death tax often hits small businesses the hardest.  Today, we see a dogged minority working again to keep death and taxes not just inevitable, but inseparable. But death and taxes are a destructive tag team for our economy, because the death tax destroys small businesses.  My colleague the Democratic leader said recently that during a trip home to his native Nevada, not a single one of his constituents spoke to him about the repeal of the death tax. I think he took this as some kind of proof that we should not address this issue.  Well, I want to bring to my colleagues' attention a Kentuckian who did approach me about this issue last week, when I was at the Perry County Civic Night at Hazard Community College in Hazard, KY, on May 31.  I spoke with a constituent named Bill Fields. He is the co-owner of Perry Distributors Inc., a beer distributor. Without permanent relief from the death tax, he is unable to plan for the future of his business and his family.  Bill is the third generation of his family to be active in the business, and his parents are still active in it as well. Right now, the Fields family has to pay between $15,000 and $25,000 a yearfor an insurance policy, just in the event that Bill's parents pass on and the family is hit with this massive death tax.  And even at such a high cost, that policy will not cover the full tax burden. Bill estimates it will only cover about 20 percent. He would have to borrow to pay the rest.  Bill says: ``