  Today we mark a step forward in the war on terror. A mere 3\1/2\ years ago, the dictator, Saddam Hussein, would have addressed his regime's legislature of lackeys. Today, the democratically elected Prime Minister of Iraq addressed a joint meeting of the U.S. Congress.  A mere 3\1/2\ years ago, the dictator, Saddam Hussein, ruled Iraq. He terrorized his own countrymen with murder, torture, and weapons of mass death. He posed a security threat to the entire region and to the United States. The international community decided he had to face serious consequences.  In March of 2003, America, as we all well know, led a multinational coalition of forces to depose the dictator and to liberate Iraq. Since then, the country has made remarkable progress as it throws off the shackles of tyranny and embraces democracy.  Iraqis have held three successful national elections, ratified a constitution, elected a permanent unity government, and formed a cabinet with a strong prime minister at its head: Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, whom we had the pleasure of hearing from just an hour or so ago.  It took our country 13 years to go from independence to the implementation of our Constitution. Iraqis have done it in 3--and under the glare of the 24-hour news cycle coverage and the threat of terrorist attacks.  When Prime Minister Maliki ascended to the podium today, it was hard to deny the importance of the moment. His presence in this Capitol represents a victory for democracy. And his country is, and will continue to be, an important ally in the war on terror. Of course, there will be many tough days ahead in Iraq. There is no denying that the security situation represents a real challenge. But America does not avoid challenges, and we do not abandon our allies when the going gets tough.  We are moving forward in Iraq. The country recently realized its highest oil production and export levels since before its liberation, and during the past 3 years, per capita income in Iraq has doubled.  I would also like to call to my colleagues' attention an article titled ``Iraq as a Sovereign Nation'' written by the Prime Minister that appeared in Monday's Wall Street Journal. It points to very tangible proof that Iraq is moving forward.  The Iraqi province of al-Muthanna, located at the southernmost border of that country, has become the first province in which local Iraqi forces have taken full responsibility for law enforcement and security, taking over for our coalition forces. President Bush has frequently said: As Iraqis stand up,we will stand down. That is exactly what has happened in al-Muthanna, home to over a half million Iraqis.  Local Iraqi police and military have stood up and taken the place of 1,400 coalition troops. The Governor of al-Muthanna has command of the provincial police. Iraqi national police and Iraqi Army troops will operate in the province under the control of the Prime Minister and the National Government.  The transfer of power in al-Muthanna is only the first step. The Prime Minister writes that ``current estimates envision half of Iraqi's provinces transferring security responsibility before the end of 2006''--this year. He and I agree that this process should not be driven by an arbitrary timeline but by the situation on the ground; nevertheless, this is an encouraging sign.  He goes on to write that the decisions for future transfers of power will be made based on the threat assessment in the province, the readiness of the local Iraqi forces, the readiness of the local governmental authorities, and overall coalition force posture.  The historic achievement of local control in al-Muthanna represents an important step forward in our mission in Iraq. As Iraqis stand up, we will stand down, and we will leave behind a proud and free Iraq.  The Prime Minister ends his article by saying:       With God's help, and continued assistance from      the coalition, our regional neighbors and the larger      international community, our people will unite and      prosper. Together, we can and will succeed.  I think we should all commend the Prime Minister for his vision and leadership. America will and must continue to stand by Iraq. None of what has been achieved in the last 3 years there has been at all easy, but we have succeeded and we will continue to succeed because freedom and democracy are stronger than the terrorists' tools of mayhem and fear.  Great credit must go to President Bush for his strong leadership in the war on terror which has enabled us to reach this transfer of power in al-Muthanna, and soon, in other provinces as well. I also commend the Iraqi Government, Iraqi police, and Iraqi security forces for their hard work in promoting stability in the country.  Of course, Madam President, I know our colleagues join me in thanking the men and women of America's Armed Forces for their courage, dedication, and sacrifice.  Stability in Iraq means stability in the region and greater security at home. As the Prime Minister said in his speech just delivered, according to translation:       Do not imagine that this problem [of terrorism] is solely      an Iraqi problem, because the terrorist front represents a      threat to all free countries and free peoples of the world. .      . .The responsibility of facing this challenge lies on the      shoulders of every country and every people that respects and      cherishes freedom.  The Prime Minister is exactly right. For that reason, America must stand firm in the war on terror, and we must stand side by side with our Iraqi allies in their war on the terrorists.  Before I finish, let me say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East regarding Israel and Hezbollah. Israel is America's longstanding friend and an ally in the war on terror. In fact, the horrors of September 11 awoke many in this country to what Israelis face daily and have faced daily for literally years. That country has been and continues to be on the front lines of the war on terror. I, for one, support Israel's efforts during this intense time to do whatever it takes to defend her people and her borders.  Maybe some have forgotten, but the terrorist group, Hezbollah, killed 241 American service men and women in Beirut in 1983. Hezbollah's love of death and destruction is on a par with al-Qaida. They are enemies to every peace-loving, democratic country. They are a threat, and Israel has a right to pursue them wherever they exist.  Now, Madam President, if I may, I would like to turn to speak in support of the Burmese Freedom and Democracy Act, which is the bill before us this afternoon.  This May, along with a number of cosponsors, including my good friends, Senator Feinstein and Senator McCain, I introduced this bill for Senate consideration. Passage of this bill would mean continued sanctions against the illegitimate, dictatorial regime that currently holds Burma literally in its grip--the Orwellian-named State Peace and Development Council, or SPDC. This Senate will be acting on behalf of those in Burma who are being repressed. The Burmese people want these sanctions because they want democracy, justice, and freedom, and we stand with them.  I see my friend, Senator McCain, here to speak on this issue as well. He has actually had the privilege of meeting with Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, the hero of Burmese independence, an opportunity that has been denied to most because she has been essentially under house arrest for 10 of the last 17 years.  The broad, bipartisan coalition in this Chamber for this legislation indicates America's firm resolve to oppose the tyrannical SPDC regime, and America's recognition that Burma, under the SPDC, poses an immediate threat to its region. To put it simply, the allies of the Burmese people have a moral obligation to continue to stand up against the SPDC. I take great pride that we are continuing to do so.  As many of my colleagues are well aware, last year, the extension of sanctions was signed into law by President Bush on July 27, 2005. It enjoyed strong, bipartisan support and passed this body by a vote of 97 to 1. Unfortunately, recent events have reminded us of the need to keep up the pressure on the villainous SPDC regime.  Ibrahim Gambari, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs, visited Burma in May as a representative of Secretary-General Kofi Annan. He met with the ringleaders with the SPDC as well as Nobel Peace Prize winner, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, who, as I indicated earlier, is a political prisoner and has been the leader of that country's democracy movement for quite some time. Suu Kyi, as I indicated earlier, has spent 10 of the last 17 years in detention or under house arrest for her efforts to bring freedom and democracy to her people. Many other members of her party, the National League for Democracy--the NLD--have been detained as well.  After returning, U.N. Diplomat Gambari wrote a column for the International Herald-Tribune titled ``A Crack in the Burmese Door.'' After acknowledging the SPDC's years of repression and misrule, Gambari wrote:       Last month, something seemed to change. Burma's locked door      popped open a small crack.  Gambari wrote this based on his discussions with the SPDC. But I think we should judge actions rather than words, and those actions tell an entirely different story. In fact, nothing fundamentally has changed in Burma. Suu Kyi remains under house arrest and the regime continues to engage in outrageous behavior.  I do not share Mr. Gambari's optimistic view that the SPDC is ready to, as he puts it, ``turn a new page.'' In my view, the junta is only interested in deflecting growing pressure from the international community to change its repressive ways--and in avoiding the U.N. Security Council's consideration of a nonpunitive resolution that addresses the threat the SPDC poses to its own people and the entire region.  Shortly after Mr. Gambari's visit, Suu Kyi's house arrest was extended for another year--double the length of the extensions she typically receives, under the regime's perverted concept of a legal process.  Even worse, Suu Kyi's life. was threatened in a state-run newspaper. The New Light of Myanmar, a mouthpiece for the SPDC junta, printed the following in a story on July 6:       The days of Daw Suu Kyi and NLD are numbered. They are      heading for the tragic end . . . Daw Suu Kyi and the National      League for Democracy (NLD) pose the most dangerous threat to      the nation.  That is an ominous threat. And the people who make it have the power to see it carried out.  They have made an attempt on her life before, and are apparently threatening to do so again.  In addition to the immediate danger its misrule poses to the Burmese people, we cannot forget for a single moment that the military regime in Rangoon poses a significant and non-traditional threat to the entire region. Their litany of abuses is well known.  Refugees spill into Thailand, fleeing the SPDC's brutal war against ethnic minorities.  Illegal drugs pour across Burma's borders into China, India, and Thailand, and destroy the lives of the region's youth.  And an unchecked HIV/AIDS virus closely follows drug trafficking routes, leaving disease and human tragedy in its wake.  It is worth noting that the SPDC spent $70,000 in 2004 to combat HIV/AIDS. This is in stark contrast to the millions of dollars spent on weapons from China and Russia--and, according to recent news reports, North Korea.  This is no time for the international community and multilateral organizations, including the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, ASEAN, to soften its stance on Burma.  I want to emphasize for my colleagues one very important point. This Senate has already done much on behalf of the Burmese people. Now it is time for the U.N. to do its part.  We need less talk and more action at the U.N. in support of democracy, freedom, and justice in Burma. We must keep in mind that the situation is so dire in Burma that the U.N. has already adopted 28 nonbinding resolutions regarding that country. It is now time for the U.N. Security Council to act.  The criteria and justification for bringing a country before the Security Council was outlined in a report commissioned by former Czech President Vaclav Havel and South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu. There is no one in this Chamber who does not applaud their sustained efforts to bring about a peaceful solution to the Burma problem.  In fact, the Senate passed in May a measure that I sponsored calling on the U.N. Security Council to discuss a binding, nonpunitive resolution on Burma that calls for the immediate and unconditional release of Suu Kyi and all other political prisoners in that country; an end to abuses against minorities, including the use of rape as a weapon of war; and the beginning of a meaningful national reconciliation process that includes the unfettered participation of the NLD and ethnic minorities with the SPDC.  It is time for the U.N. Security Council to take such action. It is time for free nations to stand for freedom.  I specifically call on the respective governments of Ghana and the Republic of Congo, current nonpermanent members of the Security Council, to support this resolution.  Ghana, in particular, is a country that values freedom and the rule of law, and support for the resolution would unequivocally demonstrate that they stand on the side of justice in Burma.  I urge our Representative to the United Nations to continue efforts to move toward Security Council consideration of a nonpunitive resolution on Burma. To do any less would be to take a step backward.  Mr. President, the Congress has stood with the people of Burma in their quest for freedom and democracy. It is time for the U.N. Security Council to do the same.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  