 President, I come to the floor today to reflect on the tremendous dedication and sacrifice that our country's soldiers exhibit every day. In particular, I want to call to my colleagues' attention a personal portrait of a young man who laid down his life defending freedom--a freedom this country has known for centuries, and that the people of Iraq have recently embraced.  While words cannot soothe the anguish of those who knew and loved him, they can help explain the heroism of his sacrifice, and so we pause today to remember and celebrate the life of SSG William A. Allers, III.  Sergeant Allers was accustomed to combat situations, as the battle-hardened veteran of more than 150 combat patrols and 50 security escorts while serving in Iraq. In fact, Sergeant Allers served valiantly in more than 25 combat engagements in his time there.  On Tuesday, September 20, 2005, a Kentucky National Guard armored Humvee ran over an improvised explosive device on a dusty road near Al Khalis, Iraq--a dangerous city located within the Sunni Triangle, known as the hideout of killers and criminals who kidnap innocents for ransom. The Guard unit was patrolling the streets of this city, located about 40 miles north of Baghdad, when they were attacked. Three soldiers from the distinguished 617th Military Police Company were in the Humvee. Of the three, two were injured, and Sergeant Allers was killed. He was 28 years old.  For his service to a grateful Nation, Sergeant Allers was awarded the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart and the Combat Action Badge. He had also received the Army Commendation Medaland the Kentucky Distinguished Service Medal. His commanding officer, Captain Todd Lindner, made clear to all that the 617th Military Police Company had lost an outstanding soldier. ``Bill worked hard to keep high morale in his team,'' Capt. Lindner said, ``and was a catalyst for the morale in our entire company.''  To fully appreciate the impact Bill Allers had on those around him, however, it helps to know something about how he grew up. Billy, as he was known as a kid, was an adventurer. His father, William Allers II, has said that if there was a puddle of water, you would find Billy playing in it. A neighborhood friend of Bill's added, ``if you [went] to look for Billy, you found him up in a tree.''  Through this sense of adventure, Billy earned his childhood nickname. One day when Billy was about 4 or 5, his dad brought home a truckload of mushroom soil for the vegetable garden. Out of pure luck, this pile was deposited at the end of the long driveway of the Allers' home--and to Billy and his best friend, it had all the makings of a great jump ramp.  Before Mr. Allers had time to finish a glass of ice water inside the house, the two boys lined up their Big Wheels, sped down the blacktop and launched themselves nearly six feet into the air. Ever since that intrepid stunt, whenever they were seen together, the two were called the ``Dukes of Hazzard'' Boys. Billy's father jokes that this experience taught him that his son was a true ``country boy.''  Growing up, Bill Allers impressed people not only with his daredevil Big Wheel jumps, but also with his big heart and ability to lead others. During Bill's 4 years on the Fallston High School track team, in Fallston, MD, where he grew up, his strength of character began to shine through. His high school track coach put it this way: ``As we went through the 4 years, he molded into a leader, and he wanted to be part of the team, and he wanted the team to do as well as possible, and [he] would always encourage the younger participants when he became one of the seniors.''  Coach Greg Thompson went on to say, ``He was selfless. He just was for everyone else and he wanted to see everybody else excel. And he wasn't worried about himself.''  A truly gifted athlete, Bill mastered the high jump. He was also the ``anchor'' of the two-twenty and four-forty relay teams, meaning he was the one to carry the baton for the final stretch toward the finish line. If the relay team was behind, they trusted Bill to make up the ground and win the race.  Bill took pride in his team and his role on it, and he worked very hard to become the best competitor he could be. Evidently, he mastered that too, because Bill's relay team won medals at the Maryland High School State Championships in 1994.  When he was not running track, Bill worked part-time for a local landscaping and nursery company in Fallston. Part-time might not be a fair description, however, since it was all his parents could do to keep him from working 40 hours a week. Bill loved digging his hands into the soil and working to improve the environment that surrounded him.  In Iraq, that urge to build and create gave Bill his greatest joy--the gratitude the Iraqis had for the work he and his squad were doing to restore their country. A few months before Sergeant Allers reached his final resting place in Arlington National Cemetery, on a peaceful slope in a section reserved for those honored soldiers who have fallen in Iraq, he told his family about the work he was doing to restore that desert nation.  Bill's father said that Bill took great comfort from the gratitude the children of Baghdad showed to the American soldiers. His younger brother, Dave Allers, added, ``He told us the kids over there really adored seeing soldiers out there. The soldiers handed out stationery, candy and gum. It opened up a whole new world to them. [Bill] was ecstatic that he was doing something good.''  Sergeant Allers's love of the great outdoors also explains his affinity for the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Bill may have grown up in Maryland, but he was first exposed to the Bluegrass State when he was assigned to Fort Knox, KY, to learn the tradecraft of the cavalry scout.  After serving a tour of duty that took him around the world and back, Bill decided to leave active-duty Army life and make Leitchfield, KY, his home. He was captivated by our rolling hills, champion horses, and friendly people. Wanting to continue his service to our country, he also decided to join the Kentucky National Guard, where he served with distinction until his final sacrifice.  Mr. President, in just these few short words I think I've made clear that this was a young man who gave so much of himself to better the lives of those around him. Now he is gone. We wish we could ease the grief of his family: his father, William, his brother, Dave, and his grandmother, Virginia, who have joined us today in the gallery, and his 9-year-old son, Gregory.  I hope their heartache is tempered by the knowledge that America will forever celebrate Sergeant Allers's heroism, and his sacrifice. As will the Iraqi children he safeguarded. And his courage, his bonds of love and friendship, and his spirit will not be forgotten.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  