 The Senator from Kentucky has 4 minutes 12 seconds.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, there is a great debate going on in the Democratic Party on this issue. We have Jimmy Carter and Andrew Young on one side and, from the comments I have heard this morning, I gather colleagues from Massachusetts and Connecticut and Illinois on the other. It is an interesting debate among Democrats as to whether we should have this important ballot integrity measure.  My good friend from Massachusetts mentioned Georgia. They have photo identification in Georgia. That might explain why there were no reported cases by the Georgia Secretary of State of a problem. My good friend from Illinois declared that voter fraud was not a problem in America. I am sure he is familiar with Cook County in his own State, as Senator Bond has discussed regarding St. Louis and his State.  Let me take anyone who may doubt to eastern Kentucky. Voter fraud is a significant problem in America. And with a lot of new people coming in, many of them illegal, it raises the stakes to protect the integrity of the vote in this country. Every time somebody votes illegally, they diminish the quality and the significance of the votes of American citizens. This is not just Republicans making this point. This is some of the most significant Democrats in America today. President Jimmy Carter and former Atlanta Mayor Andrew Young believe that photo identification is absolutely critical.  With regard to the suggestion that there have been no hearings, we had numerous hearings in the Committee on Rules prior to passage of HAVA in 2002. The Baker-Carter commission had 21 members, 11 staff members, 25 academic advisors, 24 consulted experts in the field, two public hearings, advice from 22 witnesses, followed by three meetings and presentations spanning the country from LA to the District of Columbia, all of which produced a 104-page report in encapsulating 87 detailed recommendations to improve elections. There have been plenty of hearings on this subject.  The question is, on a measure which will guarantee that the number of illegals in America will continue to increase unless we are serious about border security, do we care about the franchise and diminishing the significance of the franchise of existing American citizens. We have engaged in a good discussion this morning on what this amendment does and does not do. It gives States the flexibility to design an identification to be shown at the polls to protect and secure the franchise of all U.S. citizens from ballots being cast illegally by non-U.S. citizens. Yes, the content standards of the REAL ID are the template but just the template.  And, last, the Federal Government will pay for any low-income Americans who do not have a photo identification, which is exactly the point that Andrew Young was making about how important that was for low-income Americans to finally have a photo identification so they can function in our society, which increasingly requires photo identification for almost everything--check cashing, getting on a plane, getting a fishing license, you name it, photo identification is required. It is nonsense to suggest that somehow photo identification for one of our most sacred rights, the right to participate at the polls, to choose our leadership, should not be protected by a requirement that is increasingly routine in almost all daily activities in America today.  If you support this amendment, then that puts you in the same camp with Jimmy Carter, James Baker, Andrew Young and 81% of legally registered Americans who seek to preserve and protect their Constitutionally guaranteed franchise from being disenfranchised by vote dilution and vote fraud. Mr. President, I urge that the motion to table, which Senator Dodd has indicated he is going to make, be opposed.  Mr. President, has all time been yielded back?  