 President, how can we have bipartisanship in the Congress if Democrats won't take yes for an answer?  Of course, I am speaking about the bill before us--H.R. 5970, the Estate Tax and Extension of Tax Relief Act of 2006.  This legislation package isn't everything the Republicans wanted, and it is not everything the Democrats wanted. But both parties, and both Houses of Congress, now have an opportunity to vote on compromise legislation that accomplishes the goals we all aimed for.  We will substantially reduce the estate tax, or as I prefer to call it, the death tax. No American family should be forced to visit the undertaker and the tax collector on the same day.  Nothing could place more stress on a family than the loss of a loved one. Yet at such a difficult time, too many families in America today must make decisions about selling a business or a farm that has been in the family for generations in order to pay the death tax. That is wrong, and with this legislation, we will end that problem for many Americans.  We will also extend tax relief for many, to help encourage economic growth.  At the same time, we will increase the federally mandated minimum wage, from its current rate of $5.15 an hour to $7.25 in 2009. My friends on the other side of the aisle have continually said that raising the minimum wage is their top legislative priority.  Well, now is the time to vote for their top priority. Yet the Democratic leadership is threatening to kill this bill.  What part of ``yes'' do my friends on the other side of the aisle not understand? What part of ``bipartisanship'' do they not want?  We want to meet them halfway on this compromise legislation. We have taken their legislation, and some of our legislation, and also a host of tax provisions that we all agree on. But apparently it is not enough.  The Democrats cannot call this a do-nothing Congress on the one hand, and block every bill they can and try to blame the majority on the other.  We have a choice. We can work together and pass legislation that will benefit millions of Americans, or we can devolve into obstruction, and get nothing. I think what the Americanpeople deserve is positive action. That means passing this bipartisan compromise bill.  We were all elected to get something done on behalf of our constituents, and this legislation will mean real, tangible results for millions of Americans. As always, I stand ready to work with my Democratic friends to pass much-needed tax relief, and add to the long list of accomplishments of the 109th Congress.  Unfortunately, it appears the Democrat leadership would prefer to have a political issue rather than an accomplishment.  Mr. President, what we have heard tonight on the other side of the aisle is block and blame.  We have before us is a provision in three parts, each of which is supported by a bipartisan majority.  Let me say that again.  Each of the three parts of this bill are supported by a bipartisan majority of the Senate.  So what can possibly be wrong with passing the three bills together since they are each supported by a bipartisan majority of the Senate?  What is going on here? It is block and blame. They want to say this is a ``do-nothing Congress.''  If there is anything this Congress has not been able to accomplish, you can point the finger at the Democratic side of the aisle. Their strategy is block and blame.  I yield the floor.  