 President, I ask the Senate to pause for a moment today to remember the heroism and sacrifice of SGT Jonathan Adam Hughes.  ``Sergeant Hughes was a proud member of Bravo Battery, First Battalion, 623rd Field Artillery, and he will always remain a member. He has earned that right.'' So says Sergeant Hughes's wife, Sara Hughes, on her husband's time in the Kentucky Army National Guard. She continues, ``He will never have to re-enlist or extend his contract, for it has been extended forever.''  On March 19, 2005, Sergeant Hughes and three other Kentucky Guard soldiers were traveling south in a Humvee, escorting a 30-truck convoy to Camp Liberty, the loading and unloading zone for supply trucks near the Baghdad International Airport.  Suddenly, at a point about 30 miles from Camp Liberty, an explosive device hidden in a car detonated. The other soldiers in the Humvee were injured; Sergeant Hughes, of Lebanon, KY, was killed. He had served his Nation as a citizen-soldier for almost 4 years. He was 21 years old.  For his valorous service, Sergeant Hughes was awarded the Bronze Star Medal, the Purple Heart and the Combat Action Badge. He had previously received the Army Good Conduct Medal, and he was awarded the Kentucky Distinguished Service Medal, for demonstrating all the qualities of a great soldier, remaining combat-focused while decisively engaged with the enemy, performing his duties and accomplishing his mission.  Adam, as his family and friends called him, was inspired to enlist in the Kentucky National Guard after his time in Junior ROTC at Marion County High School, where he graduated in 2002. After Sergeant Hughes's death, the flag outside Marion County High flew at half-staff in his honor and memory.  SFC Twymon Ray, Jr., also from Lebanon, KY, served with Sergeant Hughes and reports that one couldn't have asked to work alongside a finer soldier. Sergeant Hughes excelled at whatever task was put before him. When given an order, he would often reply with the rejoinder, ``Gotcha, boss, gotcha covered.''  On March 18, 2005, the day before the fatal attack, Sergeant Hughes and his unit were leading a convoy when they came upon another convoy, headed in the opposite direction, that was under attack. Being in the lead Humvee, Sergeant Hughes's team moved forward to engage the terrorists, a group of three or four cars with gunmen in their trunks.  As the terrorist drivers weaved between the tractor-trailers, the gunmen would open the trunks and fire at the truck drivers. Sergeant Hughes, who had volunteered to serve as his unit's gunner that day, engaged two of the cars, immediately drawing fire from both sides of the road.  SGT Brian Mattingly, Sergeant Hughes's team leader, recalls hearing shots ``ping'' off the armor of the Humvee he and Adam were in. The team was able to rescue two Iraqi-national truck drivers who had been targeted by these malicious killers. Sergeant Hughes was successful in chasing the enemy off and allowing both convoys to continue on their way without further attack.  During his downtime in Iraq at Camp Anaconda, Adam built a desk and book shelf from plywood the squad had acquired to hold his treasured pictures of his wife, Sara, and their young son, Peyton. Adam was also a cook. He asked his mother and grandmother to send him a frying pan, and he would fry up potatoes after a unit run to Baghdad to pick up food and other supplies.  Adam Hughes also used his downtime in Iraq to work on his Humvee or play video games. He grew up as an avid outdoorsman, and especially enjoyed hunting and fishing.  Sergeant Hughes was laid to rest last year in Holy Name of Mary Cemetery, outside Lebanon, KY. I was honored to be one of the many who went to pay my respects that day to a courageous American hero. A lot of people love and miss Adam Hughes, and they will remember his bravery, his can-do optimism, and his sacrifice.  CPT Lawrence Joiner, commander of Sergeant Hughes's company, remembered Adam for his quiet and shy disposition, saying, ``Words cannot express our love and brotherhood. . . . He will forever be a part of our lives.''  Adam was blessed to have a loving family and many friends. His wife Sara is present today, and we thank her for sharing her memories of her husband with us. I also commend Mrs. Hughes for her tremendous compassion for the families of other Kentucky Guard soldiers who have fallen in service of our country, which she has shown by attending funerals and helping other soldiers' families cope with their loss.  Mrs. Hughes has brought her son, Peyton, who is almost 2 years old, to the Capitol today to honor his father. Accompanying the Hughes family is SGT Keith Cox, who served with Sergeant Hughes, his wife, Libbi, and their children Kyle and Mariah. The Hughes family is lucky to have such friends during this difficult time.  Adam also leaves behind a loving family: his mother, Karen Hill; his father, John Hughes; and his two sisters, Nikki Hill and Claire Hughes.  ``There are no great words in a time of deep tragedy. But surely there are great men in the midst of great tragedy.'' Those are again the words of Sara Hughes. How true and how profound.  I ask my colleagues to join me today in saying that America can never repay the debt we owe SGT Jonathan Adam Hughes or the Hughes family. We are truly blessed to live in a country where so many brave men and women volunteer to wear the uniform and defend freedom, here at home and across the world.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  