 I ask my friend, if they had a weapon of mass destruction, probably we would be paying a little more attention to this pariah regime--does my friend from Arizona not agree?  Mr. McCAIN. I agree with my friend from Kentucky. Let me respond by referencing, again, this struggle carried out by this magnificent woman. She has endured 17 years of house arrest. When her husband was in England, he was dying of cancer. She has two sons, by the way. He was dying of cancer, and she wanted, of course, to go to be with her husband in his last hours. Thejunta said: Yes, you can go, but you can never come back.  Among the incredible sacrifices she has made, she was not even allowed to be with her husband as he died.  One time she was surrounded by these thugs who killed some of her supporters. She was in a car for a week--inside of her car for a week, surrounded by these unspeakable, brutal thugs who were the goons of this regime.  The things she has undergone. Yet, incredibly, whenever she is with these thugs from this junta, she treats them with the utmost courtesy. She serves them tea. She treats them as only a woman of her caliber can treat her mortal enemies.  Her story needs to be told and retold throughout the world, thousands and thousands of times. As a person who is a hero worshiper, an admirer, I believe that heroes have an important place in our Nation and the world. When I see her, she ranks in the first ranks of heroes in the world. It seems to me, with all due respect to the other nations of the world--our European friends, our ASEAN friends, and others--that we should be far more energetic in her advocacy and advocacy of freedom for her people.  I thank the Senator from Kentucky.  Mr. McCONNELL. I thank the Senator as well. He makes a very important point.  The United Nations has not responded to efforts to prod them into moving this item up on the agenda. It could well be because of the lack of enthusiasm, shall I say, of the Chinese and the Russians--two permanent members of the Security Council. Nevertheless, the efforts persist. This U.S. sanctions bill is important, but it is not going to get the job done. We know that. It would require multilateral sanctions of a dramatic basis, such as were imposed against South Africa, to get the job done. At least at this point, the ASEAN countries seem to be more interested in doing business there than they are squeezing the regime.  There was, however, one encouraging sign. Burma was scheduled to host the ASEAN meeting this year. That did, I think, embarrass the members to the extent that they were unwilling to do that. So ASEAN obviously is not meeting in Burma in 2006.  The struggle continues. I thank our colleagues. This is going to pass on a voice vote shortly. I thank our colleagues for their awareness of this issue. I think it is one that will be before us for some time to come.  I don't know if there are other speakers. I see the Democratic leader. Does he wish to speak on this bill?  I yield the floor.  