Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I do not think that any of us, unless we were there and lived there, could understand what the people of New York have gone through. This was a tragedy that none of us have ever seen before, none of us have ever witnessed before.  We made a commitment to New York that they would be provided at least $20 billion. The President made that commitment. The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) and I were in meetings with our counterparts in the Senate when that commitment was made, and we reacted to it and said yes, we will agree to the $20 billion, and we added $20 billion to the original number of that emergency supplemental.  The whole country owes New York a lot, not only for what happened there but for the way they responded. The New Yorkers have shown America what it is like to be Americans in time of trials and tribulation and trouble. They have responded in an unbelievable way.  The mayor was a strong leader, is a strong leader. The Governor is a strong leader. I watched in amazement as I saw the firefighters and the police officers and the civilian people who were involved in the rescue and recovery. I can say that they made America proud, the way that they responded.  We are going to keep the commitment that was made to New York. We are going to provide whatever is necessary, even if it goes above that commitment.  I would say today, Mr. Chairman, that based on the rules of the House and the work of the Committee on Appropriations, this amendment is subject to a point of order; and later in the debate I will raise that point of order, not that I really want to, but that is the way it is. That is the way it is going to be.  But I want to say to my friend, the gentleman from New York, all of my friends from New York, that we will move quickly on a supplemental request to provide whatever is necessary for New York and for America to recover.  I have a friend, a family friend, visiting me in the Capitol today. In fact, if I was not here, I would be having dinner with him tonight. He was an executive, or he still is, because the company is surviving, we hope, an executive of one of the largest companies in the World Trade Center.  The only reason that he is alive today is because the taxi that he was in, going to work, got caught in a traffic jam. He had just exited the cab and was on the sidewalk in front of the World Trade Center when the airplane hit it. Every member of his firm who were in that building at the time did not survive. Not one that was in that building in that firm, not one survived.  So I understand, I understand the importance of what we are talking about here. I want the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey) to know that this commitment that the President made, I am going to keep it. The President is going to keep it.  As of today with the rule that we adopted, which had a self-executing amendment dealing with New York, adding an additional $1.5 billion, we now have committed just a little over $10 billion for New York. With the additional $10 billion or whatever it is that is necessary, we are going to move it, because we are all a part of New York based on what happened in that city on the 11th day of September of 2001.  We are going to maintain that commitment. It may not be totally today, but it will be committed and it will be maintained, and we are going to deliver on that promise.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  