Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  To the gentleman who just spoke, I happen to support reopening Reagan National Airport. He is another gentleman, by the way, that has never voted for anything I have ever wanted, and I do support opening that airport. It is the right thing to do. I want him to know that.  I would also suggest that for those who question it, this committee has jurisdiction over some parts of this bill which we are bringing up tonight, but as the gentleman from Minnesota has mentioned, we do not have total jurisdiction. But I am going to do everything in my power, as well as the gentleman from Minnesota's, to make sure that the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Gephardt) and the Speaker's commitment is followed through for the workers. But this bill tonight is so crucially important so that we can keep those jobs that remain still viable and we get the airline industry back on track so they can be rehired as they have lost their jobs. And we will do that.  I would suggest one thing. I hope, and I know most of my colleagues have notread the bill; I say that sincerely because I am also a Member of this Congress.  ``Documentation. Subject to subsection (b), the amount of compensation payable to an air carrier under section 101(a)(2) may not exceed the amount of losses described in section 101(a)(2) that the air carrier demonstrates to the satisfaction of the President, using sworn financial statements or other appropriate data, that the air carrier incurred. The Secretary of Transportation and the Comptroller General of the United States may audit such statements and may request any information that the Secretary and the Comptroller General deems necessary to conduct such audit.''  I am going to suggest that all losses must be documented and if they make false statements, they have committed a felony and it is a crime. Let us keep that in mind.  Other than that, Mr. Speaker, I would like at this time to thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) for the work he has done and the leadership he has shown on that side of the aisle with tremendous criticism from some of his Members. I did not face that on this side of the aisle at all. I also would like to thank the staffs on both sides. I may not name all of them because some of the names I may not know and I will not pronounce those I do not know. But the staffs put in yesterday, last night, today, last week, Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday and they worked 48 hours sometimes, so I thank the staffs for the work they have done. It is crucially important.  We also had another player, or two players not in this body, in this bill that we had to work with. We had the administration. It is my administration, but I can tell you sometimes they can be very, very shortsighted. We also had the other body, and they can be equally shortsighted. But we had to bring this bill together so it can become a law.  I am asking my colleagues tonight to keep in mind, this is not a bailout. This is an attempt to keep a vital part of our economy working. This is, in fact, crucial to the total economy of this Nation that we pass this legislation tonight. I urge my colleagues to think of this and to vote for final passage.  