Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the Interior Appropriations Committee bringing their bill for fiscal year 2002 appropriations to the floor for consideration today. H.R. 2217 has programs which address many of the health, education, lands, law enforcement, conservation and roads needs of American Indians and Alaska Natives.  I appreciate the Interior Appropriations Committee's increase of the Indian Health Service (IHS) budget of $3,000,000 over the budget request and $124,351,000 above the fiscal year 2001 level. This increase is justified and will provide much needed additional program services to American Indians and Alaska Natives.  However, I am concerned with language that is in both the House bill and Committee Report regarding Contract Support Costs (CSC) for Indian Health Service (IHS) programs. While I appreciate the Interior Appropriations Committee's increases in the last few years for CSC shortfalls, the current bill contains some provisions harmful to the tribal health delivery system. The bill would limit IHS' authority to enter into new and expanded contracts which is directly contrary to the federal policy of Indian self-determination. It would also limit payment of the direct costs portion of CSC; further, the Committee Report appears to advocate for their eventual elimination.  In 1999, the House Committee on Resources held several hearings to address the shortfalls of CSC and received several recommendations from the General Accounting Office (GAO) to correct and meet the true need of CSC. One of GAO's recommendations stated that the IHS and the BIA should remain consistent with their payment of CSC for tribally contracted and compacted run programs. I agreed with the GAO recommendation that both programs should be consistent with their CSC payments. However, while the IHS pays both indirect and direct contract support costs, the BIA does not pay for any direct costs, a policy it (the BIA) now, according to its February 24, 1999, testimony before the House Committee on Resources, has under review. Given the fact that the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (ISDEA) and its regulations provide that CSC include direct costs, it is appropriate that the BIA review its policy. In fact, the GAO report (Indian Self-Determination Act: Shortfalls on Indian Contract Support Costs Needs To Be Addressed (GAO/RCED-99-150, June 30, 1999) criticized the BIA for not paying direct costs as part of CSC.  The FY 2002 Interior Appropriations bill states: ``no existing self-determination contract, grant, self-governance compact or annual funding agreement shall receive direct contract support costs in excess of the amount received in fiscal year 2001 for such costs. . . .'' This language would unfairly prohibit tribes from negotiating an increase in their direct costs.  The Committee Report language appears to question the propriety of paying direct CSC, indicating that capping direct CSC at the FY 2001 level would be the beginning of a process to eliminate direct CSC payments. Further, the report instructs IHS to seek Office of Management and Budget (OMB) approval on the payment of direct CSC for any new and expanded contracts in FY 2002. This violates the ISDEA by capping the portion of the direct costs portion of CSC payments. The Committee Report goes even further, suggesting that IHS should not pay the direct costs portion of CSC, an amount which is close to 20% of CSC and requiring OMB approval of direct costs for new and expanded contracts. The ISDEA clearly includes direct costs as a part of CSC payments. Elimination of the direct costs portion of CSC payments would be devastating to tribal health care providers. We need to address this important Interior Appropriations issue in the Senate and in conference. Tribal health care providers should not be penalized because the IHS and BIA have inconsistent CSC payment systems. I look forward to working with my colleagues to find a reasonable and just resolution to the CSC issue for our American Indian and Alaska Native constituency.  