Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I strongly support H.R. 1140, the Railroad Retirement and Survivors' Improvement Act of 2001. Thanks to the heroic efforts of the Speaker of the House, the Honorable Dennis Hastert, we have been able to reach an agreement on this historic legislation.  H.R. 1140 is virtually identical to the railroad retirement bill that passed the House last year, 391 to 25, but was not taken up by the other body. This Congress made several technical changes, such as inserting updated effective dates. We have also included language drafted by the House Committee on the Budget that clarifies the authors' intent that transferring funds to the new investment trust does not result in outlays.  To address concerns raised about protecting the investment of tier 2 pension assets from possible influence by the Federal Government, we have also included labor and management selection process for the board of trustees who will manage those assets.  By moving a portion of the Railroad Retirement Trust Fund out of mandatory investment in Treasury bonds and giving it more investment flexibility, this landmark bill will provide enhanced benefits to railroad retirees, as well as reduced taxes on railroad employers.  A 2 percent increase in the rate of return, which is quite conservative based on historical trends, will provide the needed boost to allow for these benefit increases and payroll tax cuts.  H.R. 1140 includes safety provisions that automatically adjust payroll tax rates upward if historically predicted increases in retirement fund returns do not materialize. The burden of higher taxes will fall entirely on railroad employers, not the employees.  I would like to commend the subcommittee chairman, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Quinn), for prompting the negotiations between labor and management that produced this legislation.  The bipartisan comprehensive reform package we have before us today reduces the financial burden on employers as well as the employees, while providing an overall increase in benefits, a targeted increase for widows and widowers of railroad retirees, and a reduced tier 2 retirement age.  Let me briefly mention an unfounded concern that has been voiced about this bill. Many people have been told this bill involves a $15 billion first-year hit on the U.S. Treasury. Thanks to the hard work of the Speaker of the House, the OMB and the House leadership have agreed on legislative language that avoids this fictional outlay. This language reflects the fact that taking the $15 billion tier 2 pension fund out of the current approach of investing only in Treasury bonds, and allowing professional, diversified management of the investment, is not spending.  Mr. Speaker, the wisdom and widespread support of this bill is demonstrated by the fact that it has 371 sponsors. And for those who say the bill raids the Treasury, let me advise them that 30 of the 42 members of the Committee on the Budget are sponsors of the bill. Furthermore, even the CBO admits that the scoring of this bill is ill-suited to the type of reinvestment this bill would allow.  Mr. Speaker, this bill represents several years' effort and difficult negotiations between railroad labor and railroad management. I commend my colleagues on the railroading industry for their diligence and cooperation.  I am also very pleased that the bipartisan leadership of this committee worked cooperatively to move this legislation again in the 107th Congress. Working on a bipartisan basis in this committee has allowed us to enact significant legislation on behalf of our constituents. H.R. 1140 will set yet another example of this proud record.  I thank my colleague and ranking Democrat on the committee, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), and the subcommittee ranking member, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Clement) for their cooperation and support.  I urge swift passage of H.R. 1140.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  