Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I am reluctantly rising to oppose the gentleman's amendment. He talks about a .33 percent cut across-the-board, but what he does not point out is that 75 percent of the fiscal year is already gone, which means that 75 percent or more of the money allocated to the agencies have already been spent.  Let me give one example. In the event that this amendment were to pass, the aid to Israel, which has already been released and sent to Israel, they would have to give us a refund of $9.5 million.  If we were to pass this amendment, we would be cutting WIC by $13.3 million. We would be hitting the rural rental housing program with a deficit of $2.3 million, and $29 million would have to be cut from the Pell grant program. Furthermore, $25 million would be cut from the special education programs.  LIHEAP, the program that we just doubled from the President's budget in this bill, would have to be reduced by $5 million. Child care, $3 million would be cut from funding to help States provide assistance to families for child care.  On border and port security, both the Customs Service and the INS would have to reduce staffing and overtime hours at ports of entry, likely causing delays and reducing the frequency of inspections along the border.  With the Coast Guard, something we all support, the Coast Guard would lose $11 million because of this amendment, which would further exacerbate the shortages that the Coast Guard already has, something we are trying to improve in this bill.  On VA and medical care, if .33 went out across the board, as the amendment said, VA medical care would be cut by $65 million. I do not think we want to do that.  FEMA, although this is supposedly returning money that was rescinded from FEMA, it would be cut by $5.3 million. That does not make sense to me, when we take it out with one hand and put it back in with the other hand.  These are only a few of the examples. I am sure there are many more, if we had the time to do this. But I just ask our colleagues to oppose the Toomey amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  