Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2538 as amended, and wish to clarify how the program authorized in this bill operates with respect to my Alaska Native constituents.  H.R. 2538 as amended does not differ in substance from the bill as reported by the Committee on Small Business. Rather, the measure under consideration today simply recognizes the unique Native American policies that Congress has implemented in the State of Alaska, and clarifies how the grant program the bill authorizes will be implemented in that State.  In the 48 contiguous States, Congress's policy on Native Americans has focused on recognizing groups of Native Americans as ``federally recognized tribes'' that are distinct political entities and a majority of whose members reside on reservations and other land that is owned by the United States in trust.  However, while Congress has routinely designated groups of Alaska Natives as ``tribes,'' it has done so for the sole purpose of ensuring that Alaska Natives are eligible for programs and services that the United States provides to Native Americans because of their status as Native Americans.  Congress has not recognized any group of Alaska Natives as a ``federally recognized tribe'' that is a distinct political entity.  Instead, since 1884 Congress has required Alaska Natives to be, at all locations in Alaska, subject to the same criminal and civil state laws that non-Native Alaskans are required to observe.  Consistent with that policy, in 1971 when it extinguished Alaska Native aboriginal title by enacting the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, Congress required Alaska Natives to organize business corporations under the laws of the state of Alaska and then directed the Secretary of the Interior to convey the corporations fee title to 44 million acres of Federal land.  The amendments made to H.R. 2538 as reported by the Committee on Small Business simply acknowledge that Congress' Alaska Native policy is quite different from the Native American policy that Congress has implemented in the 48 contiguous States. It will also ensure that the intent of H.R. 2538 can be effectively met in Alaska for the benefit of Alaska Natives.  I would like to thank the gentleman from New Mexico and the chairman and ranking members of the Small Business Committee, and their staff, for their assistance in making appropriate changes to the language in the bill as reported.  These amendments will ensure the programs authorized by H.R. 2538 assist Alaska Natives as intended. I support H.R. 2538 as amended.  