Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), a great leader.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I just thought it was important for me to come down to the well and congratulate not just the gentleman from Alaska (Chairman Young) and the gentleman from Florida (Chairman Mica) for doing an incredible job on this piece of legislation, a very courageous job on this piece of legislation, but to commend the House of Representatives.  If we would have listened to some in this House, we would have sent the President a seriously flawed piece of legislation. In their haste, the other body, Mr. Speaker, passed a bill that was seriously flawed, did not even cover entire airports, for the security of entire airports; took the issue of security and put it under the Department of Justice; did not even cover the baggage in the hold of the airplanes.  So many flawed issues in the other body's bill, Mr. Speaker, that it took the courage of the chairman to stand up to what was a railroad moving through this country and stop implementing a seriously flawed system. This bill is a House bill with a few changes from the Senate. This is the House bill.  Mr. Speaker, I must congratulate the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) because on all the issues, other than one, he was right there writing a very, very strong and important piece of legislation that we find in this conference report.  We have a real and important frame work under the Department of Transportation to create the new security administration. We get a uniform, consistent security system nationwide. We do not have the small airports being treated differently from the big airports. Everybody will be treated the same and have the same sort of security. We have the flexibility that we wanted for the President and the Secretary of Transportation to put the kind of tools necessary, including private sector security to ensure safety of the traveling public.  A very important provision that the American people instinctively know is to require every screener to be a United States citizen, something that the Senate did not seem to want to put in their bill. So I am very proud of the fact that this is basically the House bill that passed out of here a few weeks ago, a House bill that took its time to be written; and it was done right. And most importantly, covers all modes of transportation, security for all modes of transportation, not just aviation. I congratulate everyone that was involved.  