Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I would just like to address my colleagues for a moment. I talked to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) and I talked to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), and we were not going to insist on the point of order with the aviation money. I will tell the Members why, although it is in our jurisdiction of our committee.  We passed the security bill last week, and I am very proud of it. It also needs to be funded. I thought it would be time now to try to put this behind us and get this screening system in place, get the screeners in place, get the equipment in place, and achieve what we sought to do a week ago Friday.  It has been decided not to do that by Members of the Committee. But I do believe the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) and I dealt honorably together. I thought we had reached an agreement on the aviation part of the legislation; we had not on the highway part of the legislation.  I just urge my colleagues to understand one thing: We have to fund this program. It has to be funded. We have to get it done.  Members heard about Mr. Secretary Mineta saying he doubts he can meet the 60-day requirement. He is probably correct. We will do everything possible, but he needs the money to do it.  May I suggest respectfully, the other thing that can happen if he does not do it, the faith of the flying public will be eroded. We have to act very rapidly to fund this. I believe the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations was trying to do that.  I do think the White House, very frankly, the administration, did not communicate that need to our committee. It did not inform us that this is very, very important, and frankly, I did not know about this until yesterday afternoon. I suggested to them and to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) that the communication in the future be more evident and more forthwith, so we can reach a mutual agreement, so we can solve the problem.  The points of order have been upheld; I understand that, and I am not going to delay it any longer. But the reality is that if we do not recognizes the need to fund the screeners, marshals, and all the other things that were in that security bill, we are not doing ourselves any favor, nor the flying public.  So I urge Members to consider that. Later on down the road we can and we will make sure this is properly funded.  