Mr. Chairman, I do continue to reserve the point of order on the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I might consume.  Mr. Chairman, what we are dealing with now is the second tier of the defense appropriations bill. We have completed consideration of the basic bill. We are now dealing with the $20 billion supplemental that is attached to the defense appropriations bill.  I want to give just a real quick review of where we are and why we are here. Right after the terrorist attacks on September 11, we realized that there was going to be some funding needed immediately to respond to the attacks.  The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) and I sat down together, and we began to work on what we thought would be an appropriate response by the Congress in the form of a supplemental appropriations bill. And we agreed to a $20 billion supplemental appropriations bill, and we had worked out most of the details. We were, in fact, sitting with our counterparts in the Senate, Senator Byrd and Senator Stevens, when the news flash came that the President had agreed to add an additional $20 billion to help recovery in New York City. We were very supportive of that.  We understand that, after the terrible terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center in New York, we are all New Yorkers and we all have an obligation to respond as quickly as we can. So we produced that $40 billion supplemental appropriations bill. The President was able to direct the first $10 billion of that supplemental anywhere he wished, to respond to the attacks and to begin the effort to prevent them from happening again.  For the second $10 billion, the President had flexibility in how to use that $10 billion; but we required that he consult with the Committee on Appropriations of the House and the Senate 15days prior to allocating those funds. So the first $20 billion is spoken for.  We made the second $20 billion of the $40 billion in that law subject to the appropriations process. And so, Mr. Chairman, that is why we are here today. We are presenting the appropriations recommendations for that $20 billion figure.  Now, the $20 billion figure includes pretty much what President Bush had asked for. We had worked with him. We worked with our subcommittees, and we made some changes in the $20 billion package; and the President did not object to those changes. So we think we have a good package here. However, there are many who believe, and Mr. Chairman, I am one of them, that before this is over, as the President has said repeatedly, this is going to be a long, drawn-out affair to seek out the terrorists, to destroy al Qaeda's ability to launch terrorist attacks against the United States or our interests wherever they might be.  The military operation is going very successfully. I commend General Franks and all of those officers and men who have worked under him in this combat situation. They have done a really good job. It has been very methodical, and it has been very precise. They have done a really good job. The operation is moving along very well. We are not sure how much longer it might take. We are using a lot of munitions. We are spending a lot of money on that military operation.  But in addition to that, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) and I have visited at the FBI, at their Intelligence and Operations Center; and we recognize, as the President has said, this is not an issue isolated to Afghanistan. We have located, and when I say ``we,'' I am talking about the American Government, the FBI, the CIA, all of our law enforcement agencies, some of which we will not mention here, that have done a really good job in identifying terrorist cells scattered all over the world. It is going to be a long, drawn-out process to eliminate the ability of terrorists to attack America again.  It is essential that we do not have any more World Trade Center-type attacks; that we do not have any more attacks on military installations like our Defense Department at the Pentagon just across the river here from the Capitol. So it is important that we disrupt totally the ability of any terrorist organizations to conduct terrorist activities against the United States.  We want our people to go back to being able to live without fear. Americans should not live in fear. And we have to do everything possible to guarantee that Americans do not live in fear. We do not want our buildings or our properties attacked by terrorists. So, again, we have to disrupt their ability to do that.  Now, I bring up this little bit of history because I do not know, and I do not think anybody can tell us today, what the final cost of that overall effort is going to be. As I said earlier, I tend to be one of those who believe it is going to be more than the $20 billion that we have already appropriated as an emergency supplemental. The President, I think, agrees with that; and I think he understands that there will be more needed for the military.  We are using up munitions at a large rate and in some cases getting dangerously low. We are using a lot of fuel. We are putting a lot of wear and tear on our aircraft and our ships and all of our military equipment. So the military, the Defense Department, will need additional funding in order to not only maintain this military operation but to recover from it so that we do not let our forces and our guard down.  In addition, the FBI has serious needs. The Border Patrol has serious needs. We have to protect our borders. We have to make sure that we stop the terrorists from coming into our country.  Our public health systems all need support, whether it is for protection against anthrax, small pox, or whatever might be used as a terrorist weapon. We must be prepared, first of all, to prevent it, but, second, to deal with it if it should happen.  Again, I say I do not know what the cost is going to be ultimately, and I do not think anyone else does today, including the President of the United States. I think he has done an extraordinary job in seeking out the terrorists and bringing punishment upon those who created this terrorist attack on the United States on September 11, and in pursuing al Qaeda and their fellow terrorists around the world. The President has said today, let us stay with the $40 billion total.  That is a lot of money; there is no doubt about that. There is a lot of money in the pipeline already for the $40 billion, and the President has said that when we reach the point that we need additional funding, that he, the President, will immediately ask for a supplemental appropriations bill from the Congress.  The Speaker of the House, in many meetings and many consultations, has told me that he supports the President's position and that he will, in fact, allow us to move a supplemental appropriations bill quickly when the time comes, if that need is identified.  I have made this commitment, and I will make it again here today, that once the supplemental request is identified, I will move, as chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, that supplemental request in conjunction with my friend, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey). We will move that supplemental appropriations bill quickly through this House, and our colleagues in the Senate have agreed that they would do the same.  So what I am suggesting today is that we cannot support today any amendment that goes above the $20 billion. But we will move immediately for a supplemental with the President's support and the Speaker's support when the time comes that we do identify a need that must be taken care of.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  