Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I am proud to bring this conference report to the full House floor todayafter very serious negotiations, and I would only suggest one thing that the people on this floor would just be quiet for a moment because they talked a lot during the debate on this bill. If they would sit down and listen, we might get a bill real quick. If they do not, we might take the full hour to discuss this bill. So I suggest that my colleagues sit down and be quiet.  Mr. Speaker, this is probably the best, that I know, the best security bill ever to be voted on on this House floor. The Senate, the other body, the conferees took about 98 percent of the legislation that we voted on in the House, which shows that our bill was far superior to that bill.  We did not achieve all things as all conferences are for. We did, in fact, have to compromise on issues very dear to some people's hearts, but the main thing is we have a security czar in reality that has the ability to set down rules and regulations without taking the required amount of time and also will give us the best security so people flying on American airlines will know that that plane is going to arrive safely at their destination without the opportunity of any future terrorism.  We have screeners. We will have Federal management, Federal contracting. We will have baggage screening. We will have people on the ground all through our airports to make sure that we will not have the act of 9-11 again. It is my strong belief, with the adoption of the House provisions, that this will occur and will occur very rapidly.  We will be able to, I believe, to make sure that the planes are safe that fly because the people on the Tarmac, the people that service the airplanes, the people that provide all services, including food service of the airplane, will all have to have background checks. They will have to be screened; they will have to be certified as trained; and they will have to be able to do the job as they are picked out to do so.  Every screener at the station will have to speak English. Every screener at the station will have to be American citizens. We believe this is the way it should be because this is a security problem and this Congress is addressing it today.  I am pleased to say that the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), my good friend, has worked well with me on this legislation in the conference, offered suggestions. We did have some difficulty on the Senate side, but that is the way it usually is; but we prevailed, as I mentioned, 98 percent of the way.  I am proud to be the chairman of this committee on the committee work and as is done by this committee. This is a historic moment because, again, as I must repeat, it is the best security bill this Nation has ever had for the flying public, and I want the public to know that now and from now on and forever more that when we get on that plane, the opportunity of someone doing a dastardly deed as was done on 9-11 will not occur again. I believe they will gain the faith to be back on our airplanes, and I want them traveling as they did prior to 9-11, and I think this will allow them to do that.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  