Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  This amendment is offered partially representing my concern that under the UC that was offered last night, this body would not allow the full amendment. However, under that UC this amendment is appropriate, according to the Parliamentarian.  My concern is that this body should express concern, if not outrage, about the actions of the United Nations in the Oil-for-Food program. It should be a heads-up, a reminder, that we cannot ask the United Nations to be responsible for so many things that affect our future.  The particular language of this amendment takes appropriations and dollars from United Nations contributions to international organizations line item. This appropriation is reduced by $20 million. I would call to my colleagues' attention that this appropriation is increased 19.4 percent over last year. Even with this amendment, there is still a 17.4 percent increase.  Recently, both my Committee on Agriculture and Committee on International Relations held hearings on the United Nations Oil-for-Food, the so-called OFF program, scandal. That program taught us a lot about the United Nations' weaknesses and I think explains the actions of countries like France and Russia when they worked against us over the last several years.  The U.N. placed trade sanctions on Iraq after Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait in 1991. By 1995, the sanctions were widely blamed for the developing humanitarian crisis in Iraq.  The U.S. and Britain realized that Iraq, which has the second largest oil reserves in the world, could trade oil for food and medicine. We pushed the U.N. Security Council Resolution 986, and the so-called Oil-for-Food program was created. If effective, it would have reduced the humanitarian impact of the sanctions while preventing Hussein from buying weapons.  Unfortunately, Hussein cheated the OFF program, and the U.N. did not stop it. He managed to get his hands on at least $10 billion of Oil-for-Food money. Other countries were complicit in helping him cheat. France and Russia demanded that we let Hussein design the OFF, the Oil-for-Food, program. It allowed Hussein to pick the price for his oil, to pick his customers, to control the people who audited him, and within a few years the flawed program allowed Hussein to sell at low prices in exchange for kickbacks that were funneled into Swiss bank accounts.  This was suspected at the time, but it was impossible to fix. Fixing it would have required unanimous support from the permanent members of the Security Council, including France and Russia, and at the time these countries said that they wanted to end the sanctions completely. Of course, France and Russia and China all had oil contracts with Iraq and Hussein that would have been activated, resulting in huge benefits for those countries had the sanctions been removed.  I repeat, this funding for this appropriation that we are trying to reduce by $20 million is from a line item that is increased 19.4 percent over last year, and even with the $20 million reduction still results in a 17.4 percent increase.  The U.N. bureaucrats and what is happening in the U.N. should concern us. There is no question that the U.N. was slow to file reports and bring irregularities to the attention of the Security Council and its oversight committee.  Furthermore, Iraq paid its U.N. auditors. Iraq, Saddam Hussein, was paying the auditors that were supposed to audit them, and the more trading they allowed, the more money the U.N. got.  These arrangements have only come to light since Saddam Hussein's fall. There are reports that even the U.N.'s head of the Oil-for-Food program, Benon Sevan, was on the take from Hussein.  Mr. Chairman, let us not go through this bill of making these kinds of huge appropriations from the United States taxpayers to the U.N. without calling to attention these kinds of discrepancies. The U.S. and Britain have pushed for an audit to find out what happened.  Paul Volcker, a former Chairman of the Federal Reserve, is heading a U.N.investigation. However, the U.N. is stonewalling. Mr. Sevan sent letters ordering U.N. offices to refuse to cooperate. I am going to say that again. This U.N. official sent letters ordering the U.N. offices to refuse to cooperate. Russia has asserted that it will not release any documents, and other U.N. bureaucrats have refused to share papers.  I have sponsored legislation that would cut U.S. support for the U.N. if it does not cooperate. I would hope that bill would at least come to this floor for debate.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  