Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of the time.  I want to thank, first of all, the gentleman from California (Mr. Cox) of the Select Committee on Homeland Security for his very eloquent statement and to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen) and to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf) and the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum) and especially to the gentleman from Illinois (Chairman Hyde), who is a very strong and steadfast supporter of human rights around the globe, including China, and of course the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), who also speaks out boldly on these issues.  I would just say finally, Mr. Speaker, that one of the great leaders of thewhole human rights movement in China is a man by the name of Harry Wu. Most people know about him. He is a man who has an impeccable reputation for honesty, for courage. He spent 19 years in the Chinese laogai system and suffered immensely for it. I will never forget when he helped us organize one of our first committee hearings when I chaired the Committee on International Operations and Human Rights on the laogai. He brought in six survivors of the laogai. One of those survivors was Palden Gyatso, a Buddhist monk who tried to get through security into the Rayburn Building bringing the instruments of torture that are routinely used and deployed to abuse prisoners in the laogai, including cattle prods and the like, horrible, horrific implements, and he was stopped, obviously, by the guards who were wondering what is this all about. We had to go down and usher him through. Those kinds of instruments, Mr. Speaker, are commonplace. Torture is commonplace.  The gentleman from California (Mr. Cox) talked about all these promises that are made time after time. They sign covenants. They say they are going to do this. The Chinese government routinely does not follow through, and so it will be with the most recent property rights. They make promises, and routinely it is predictable they do not follow through. And I just want to pay a special tribute to Harry Wu for his great leadership.  The ICRC has been trying for years, the Red Cross, to get into the Chinese prisons. They cannot get in because it is closed, because torture is routinely used against political and religious prisoners and against other prisoners as well. If they are arrested for just about anything, the way they get their conviction is to compel a confession out of them by torturing them.  Let me also remind Members, too, and the gentleman from California (Mr. Cox) made mention of this as well, forced abortion is commonplace in China. Brothers and sisters are illegal. Women are compelled to have their children destroyed because they do not fit into a grandiose plan by this dictatorship. That too is an egregious human rights abuse. At the Nuremberg War Crimes Tribunal it was construed to be a crime against humanity. It is a crime against humanity in 2004 as it is practiced in the People's Republic of China. This resolution puts us on record against it and says let us take our case to the UN Human Rights Commission and hopefully we can garner sufficient votes to censure this despicable behavior. I hope we have unanimous support for this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, first of all, the gentleman from California (Mr. Cox) of the Select Committee on Homeland Security for his very eloquent statement and to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen) and to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf) and the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum) and especially to the gentleman from Illinois (Chairman Hyde), who is a very strong and steadfast supporter of human rights around the globe, including China, and of course the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), who also speaks out boldly on these issues.  Mr. Speaker, one of the great leaders in the whole human rights movement in China is a man by the name of Harry Wu. Most people know about him. He is a man who has an impeccable reputation for honesty, persistence, and courage. He is a hero of democracy. He spent 19 years in the Chinese laogai system and suffered immensely for it. His witness is a rebuke to the hardliners in Beijing. I will never forget when he helped us organize one of our first committee hearings on PRC abuse back when I chaired the Committee on International Operations and Human Rights. The hearing was on the laogai. He brought in six survivors of the laogai. One of those survivors was Palden Gyatso, a Buddhist monk who tried to get through security into the Rayburn Building bringing the instruments of torture that are routinely used and deployed to abuse prisoners in the laogai, including cattle prods and the like, horrible, horrific implements. He was stopped, obviously, by the guards who were wondering what is this all about. We had to go down and usher him through. Sadly those kinds of torture instruments, Mr. Speaker, are commonplace in the PRC. Torture is commonplace.--An everyday occurrence.  The gentleman from California (Mr. Cox) talked about PRC promises made but never kept. They sign covenants. They say they are going to do this. It makes good headlines. The Chinese government, however, routinely does not follow through, and so it will be with the most recent property rights announcement. They make promises, and it is predictable they do not follow through.  The Internation Committee for Red Cross has been trying for years, to get into the Chinese prisons. To inspect and to hold the PRC to account. They cannot get in because it is closed, because torture is routinely used against political and religious prisoners and against other prisoners as well. If you are arrested for just about anything, watch out. The way PRC thugs get their conviction is to compel confessions out of the accused by torturing them.  Let me also remind Members, too, and the gentlelady from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen) made mention of this as well, forced abortion is commonplace in China. Brothers and sisters are illegal because big brother in Beijing says so. Women are compelled to have their children destroyed because they do not fit into a grandiose plan of quotas and permission slips by the dictatorship. That too is an egregious human rights abuse. At the Nuremberg War Crimes Tribunal forced abortion was construed to be a crime against humanity. It is a crime against humanity in 2004 as it is practiced in the People's Republic of China. This resolution puts us on record against China's brutal one child per couple policy. This resolution admonishes the administration to take our case to the UN Human Rights Commission and work to garner sufficient votes to censure this despicable government behavior. I hope we have unanimous support for this resolution.  