Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Madam Speaker, H.R. 4175, as amended, would provide a cost-of-living adjustment in the same amount as given to Social Security recipients, to disabled veterans and surviving spouses. The committee ordered this bill reported when it met on May 19, 2004. Five other measures were also ordered reported at that meeting of our committee.  All veterans and qualified survivors of veterans who receive disability compensation would receive a full COLA on December 1 of this year. The COLA is actually calculated on September 30; but if calculated today, it would be 2.2 percent.  More than 2.5 million veterans, Madam Speaker, were receiving service-connected disability compensation as of April of 2004. The basic purpose of the disability compensation program is to provide a measure of relief from the impaired earning capacity of veterans disabled as a result of their military service. These benefits are paid monthly, and range from $106 for a 10 percent disability to $2,239 per month for a 100 percent disability. Additional monetary benefits are available for our most severely disabled veterans, as well as for their dependents.  Spouses of veterans who died on active duty or as the result of a service-connected disability likewise are entitled to monetary compensation, as the Nation assumes, in part, the legal and moral obligation of the veteran to support the spouse and the children. Depending on their spouse's rank or grade in service, a spouse receives between $967 and $2,063 monthly. Currently, there are more than 300,000 surviving spouses and more than 29,900 children receiving dependency and indemnity compensation, also known as DIC.  The bill would also expand the list of diseases presumed to be related to a former prisoner of war for which benefits may be paid by adding osteoporosis, an often crippling bone condition. Former prisoners of war are eligible for disability compensation if they are disabled from one of the 16 conditions presumed to be the result of their POW experience.  I want to thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), the committee's vice chairman, for working with us to include this portion of his bill, which was H.R. 348.  Finally, the bill would codify the current rates of compensation for service-connected disabilities and the rates of DIC for surviving spouses and children of veterans who die of service-connected causes, which went into effect last December, pursuant to Public Law 108-147.  I urge my colleagues to support this bill. It is a bipartisan bill.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  