Mr. Chairman, I rise to make the point that under the current law, there are no limits for government price support payments to farmers using commodity certificates.  If commodity certificates and loan forfeitures would have been included under the payment cap limit like in the Senate version of the 2002 farm bill, the CBO has estimated we would save $118 million in FY 05 alone--$118 million--that could be used for some other very worthy initiatives in this agriculture appropriation bill or larger supports for family farmers.  We all have heard the news reports about large corporate farms receiving millions of dollars in government payments through the use of generic commodity certificates. Generic certificates do not benefit average family farmers but allow the largest farmers to receive unlimited payments. It is not good public relations for agriculture or our next farm bill.  Under our current system, when the $75,000 limit is reached, producers can continue to receive unlimited price support benefits through loan forfeitures and generic commodity certificates. Generic commodity certificates are in practice the same thing as marketing loan gains, yet they are not included under the payment limitations.  Thus, generic commodity certificates are essentially loopholes allowing large farming operations to exceed the payment limits. Should it be the objective of federal farm policy to provide virtually unlimited price support to large farming operations?  To add insult to injury, in a May 2003 article published in Tax Notes, it shows that gains from commodity certificates are not reported to the Internal Revenue Service.  Reading some of the comments following the USDA's Payment Limit Commission Report from last fall, it seems important to stress the fact that a few large farmers utilizing generic commodity certificates are avoiding payment limits.  While the Commission indicated that no changes should be made to payment limits until the next farm bill, we need to seriously consider where our agricultural appropriations money is going. Should the Federal Government be paying over 50 percent of the gross income for certain commodities?  It is often argued that cooperatives need to use these commodity certificates as a marketing tool and that the money is spread over numerous producers. This argument dodges the real issue, however, that generic certificates provide a loophole for large producers in the cooperatives to collect unlimited dollars in federal subsidies above and beyond the so-called payment limits.  Even within such co-ops, individual farm production records can be used to enforce compliance if this loophole were closed. As you may know a majority of the Senate and the House voted to instruct conferees to have ``real'' payment limits. Unfortunately, the conferees did not follow through. The next farm bill is at risk of overly severe limits if continued abuse is evident.  The CBO projected savings of $118 million for FY05 and nearly a half billion dollars during the 5 years of our current farm bill.  That money could be used to fund the National Research Initiative, NRI, which is a national grant-based agricultural research program for our public and private scientists. The NRI was authorized in 1994 at $500 million per year, but has received less than $200 million every year since its inception. This kind of research can allow our farmers to be more productive and efficient, being less dependent on Federal farm programs.  The NRI has provided the agriculture community with valuable research such as sequencing the rice genome, disease resistance in soybeans, and improved management practices for livestock and crop producers.  Supporters of payment limits argue that large or unlimited payments benefit large farms, facilitate consolidation into larger units, raise the price of land, and put smaller, family-sized, or beginning farming operations at a competitive disadvantage.  Critics of payment limits counter that all farms are in need of support, especially when market prices decline, and that larger farms should not be penalized for the economies of size they have achieved.  Although the effect of payment limits can vary, affected farms are usually relatively large. Cotton and rice farms are affected more frequently because they tend to be larger and their subsidy value per acre is relatively high. Cotton and rice farms are also the largest users of commodity certificates in the marketing loan program, an important fact for payment limits.  Under the 2002 farm bill, producers receive three types of commodity payments that are subject to limits: direct payments, counter-cyclical payment, and marketing loan payments. With respect to payment limits, direct and counter-cyclical payments are relatively straightforward since they are direct transfers made in cash. Marketing loans, however, are more complicated.  The marketing loan program has four mechanisms to provide benefits when market prices are below loan rates: (1) loan deficiency payment (LDP)--a direct payment instead of a loan; (2) marketing loan gain (MLG)--repaying a loan at a lower market price (posted county price, or average world price for cotton or rice); (3) ``commodity certificates''--purchased at the posted county price to repay the loan; similar to a MLG but without payment limits; and (4) forfeiting the collateral (commodity) and keeping the cash.  The 2002 farm bill retains annual limits on selected commodity program payments. It creates a prohibition on payments to persons or entities with adjusted gross income exceeding $2.5 million--unless 75 percent or more comes from farming.  The annual limit per person is $40,000 for direct payments, $65,000 for counter-cyclical payments, and $75,000 for marketing loan gains and loan deficiency payments. However, because commodity certificates and forfeiture of commodities are not subject to any limits, the limit on MLGs and LDPs simply becomes the point at which the farmer shifts to commodity certificates. So, as a practical matter, the marketing loan program is not limited.  Mr. Chairman, again I want to reiterate the pro-farmer, practical need to close the payment limit loophole. Without putting constraints on the benefits earned through marketing certificates and loan forfeitures, the annual per person payment limit on the marketing loan program is not a true limit on federal payments to large farmers with budgets that must be restrained the challenge of writing the next farm bill that will keep American agriculture strong will be a huge task.  