Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I first thank the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Moran) for sponsoring this important resolution and for his touching remarks and great work on behalf of the Nation's veterans. It is appreciated by this chairman and many others.  I also want to say I rise in strong support of this resolution which celebrates the completion of the National World War II Memorial on the National Mall here in Washington. More than 16 million Americans served in the armed forces, including my own father who saw horrific action in New Guinea, and he ended up in the Philippines at the end of the war. Very, very rarely would he even talk about it unless my brothers and I really prodded him for details. He finally wrote a lot of it out, which makes for some very disturbing but important reading for any son or daughter who had a father who fought in World War II.  This great memorial will crown that achievement because certainly all of our fathers and mothers who participated in the war effort, whether here at home or abroad or in any way who were a part of that great effort, know that without them we would have been, unfortunately, perhaps saluting the Nazi salute or been part of Imperial Japan; and we know the terrible things that they did during World War II.  This is a fitting tribute I think to the peacemakers, the men and women who answered the call and did so so gallantly. More than 400,000 of our GIs lost their lives in World War II. As I said, virtually every American rose to the challenge, and that is why they are the Greatest Generation, as said Tom Brokaw.  This is the first national memorial built to honor all of the dedicated Americans who served during World War II. It stands as a monument to the spirit, sacrifice, and commitment of the American people to the defense of the Nation and really the defense of the world, because without intervention of the United States and the great leadership of Presidents Roosevelt and then Truman, the world would have been lost to tyranny.  Someone said freedom is not free, and nothing could have been more appropriately said by that generation in standing up against tyranny.  This resolution recognizes the leadership of Bob Stump, who as chairman of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services, authored legislation to expedite the funding and construction of the memorial. Bob's family must certainly be proud of his role in expediting this memorial and his own valiant service during World War II.  It also recognizes the good work of the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur) in helping to bring this memorial about. In 1993, we all know Congress passed legislation that authorized the American Battle Monuments Commission, an independent Federal agency, to design and to construct a memorial. After years of planning, public deliberation and fundraising, construction began in September of 2001. Funded primarily with extensive private contributions, the memorial is located within tennis-shoe distance, according to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Moran), at the east end of the Reflecting Pool between the Lincoln Memorial and the Washington Monument. This prominent location is commensurate with the historical importance and lasting significance of World War II to America and to the world.  On May 29, nearly 59 years after the end of World War II, President Bush will dedicate this fitting memorial, and this ceremony may well be the last large gathering of World War II veterans, and it will be very well attended, I am sure.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Moran) for sponsoring this timely resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  