Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3936, a bill to authorize the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, now located in commercial office space in the District of Columbia, to seek a new location in the greater national capital region. This bill would also express the sense of Congress that a dedicated Veterans Courthouse and Justice Center should be provided for the court and the veterans it serves. It should be located, or would be located, if feasible, next to Interstate Highway 395 on one of three small parking lots that are part of the Pentagon Reservation in Arlington, Virginia.  The Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims was created by statute in 1988 as an independent article I judicial tribunal that for the first time gave our Nation's veterans the right to judicial review of benefits decisions on their disability, pension, education and other claims. It should, like all other article I courts, have a permanent courthouse.  In addition to the court, occupants of the new courthouse would be representatives of veterans that regularly practice before the court, for example, the Veterans Consortium Pro Bono Program, the National Veterans Legal Services Program, and the appellate attorneys of veterans service organizations. The court and the offices of its constituents pay over $3.7 million per year for their rent. The General Services Administration anticipates that the court's rental costs will increase substantially in the not-too-distant future. Therefore, the committee believes that it would be desirable to relocate the court on a government-owned site if possible.  H.R. 3936 would also require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Administrator of General Services to submit a joint report to the House and Senate Committees on Armed Services and Veterans' Affairs on the feasibility of locating a new Veterans Courthouse and Justice Center at an appropriate site owned by the U.S. that is part of or near the Pentagon Reservation.  Madam Speaker, we have veterans or their survivors from all of the wars in which our country fought in the 20th century, and we are now engaged in a global war on terrorism. I cannot imagine a better use for one of the present parking lots near the Pentagon than a stand-alone dedicated Veterans Courthouse and Justice Center to embody the gratitude and the respect this Nation has for these men and women who have served and are serving their country so well.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  