Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding the time.  Mr. Chairman, recently, Dr. Alveda King, niece of the late Dr. Martin Luther King, said about abortion, ``How can the dream survive if we murder the children?''  Dr. King, who has had an abortion herself but is now pro-life and bravelyspeaks out, went on to say, ``We can no longer sit idly by and allow this horrible spirit of murder to cut down, yes cut out and away our unborn. This is the day to choose life,'' she went on to say. ``We must live and allow our babies to live. If the dream of Dr. Martin Luther King is to live,'' Dr. King went on to say, ``our babies must live.''  Mr. Chairman, the Davis amendment turns Dr. Alveda King's dream, our babies must live, into a nightmare. The Davis amendment will force pro-life Americans to facilitate abortion and subsidize the slaughter of innocent children. Women deserve better than abortion, Mr. Chairman. The Davis amendment turns overseas military hospitals into abortion mills.  This amendment comes on the heels of a new Zogby poll, I would just point out to my colleagues, that clearly shows a significant majority of Americans now reject abortion in most circumstances including women, 56 percent; African Americans, 62 percent; Hispanics, 79 percent; and young adults, 61 percent. Americans, Mr. Chairman, in ever growing numbers are finally, at long last coming to understand that abortion is violence against children and that abortion exploits and harms women.  Americans, at long last, are shocked to learn that abortion methods dismember, mutilate, decapitate, and chemically poison the child. The debate on the violence of the partial-birth abortion has exposed the truth that abortion is child abuse in the extreme.  Mr. Chairman, faced with the numbing reality of an abortionist jamming scissors into the brain of a partially born child so the brains could be sucked out, Americans have begun to connect the dots. They are now seeing that all abortion methods, not just partial-birth abortion, are cruel and all-too-common punishment against helpless and innocent babies.  Mr. Chairman, reject this amendment, the Davis amendment, so that babies and their mothers will live.  