Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me this time.  What are our goals and how do we best achieve them? I would think our goal in this war on terror is to have a safer and better place in America and the rest of the world. I would suggest that we are moving ahead in that direction.  Let me just read the resolution:  ``Commends the Iraqi people for their courage in the face of unspeakable oppression and brutality inflicted on them by Saddam Hussein's regime.'' I do not think we should disagree with that.  ``Commends the Iraqi people on the adoption of Iraq's interim constitution.'' I do not think anyone should disagree with that.  ``Commends the members of the United States Armed Forces and Coalition forces for liberating Iraq and expresses its gratitude for their valiant service.'' Certainly nobody would disagree with their valiant service.  Is it a question that we are liberating Iraq? I thought the poll that came out was very interesting, where 2,500 Iraqis were polled on their opinion now, a year later, and I will read a couple. Some 57 percent said that life was better now than under Saddam, against 19 percent who said it was worse. Fifty-seven said it was better now and 19 percent said it was worse. Overall, 70 percent said that life was good now. Seventy percent said that life was good now, compared with 29 percent who said it was bad.  Asked what political system they believed was needed in their country, 86 percent said they wanted democracy. I met a little over a month ago with 60 nations at the Pacific Interparliamentary meeting. Those people are happy, in my mind, as I judge their conversations, that the United States and Great Britain and the coalition forces are doing something. They are sort of happy they are not paying for it, but they are happy that somebody is aggressive in this war on terrorism.  I met a couple of weeks ago in Libya, and Qaddafi, there is no question that Qaddafi did not want to end up the way that Saddam did. I was one of eight Members in Libya, and now we have countries like Libya saying, We are going to give up our nuclear weapons. We are going to give up our weapons of mass destruction.  Did Saddam have those weapons? We know he had them. This summer we found all of those airplanes buried under the sand. I think, I suspect, that some place under the sand or someplace, there are still those weapons. We know he had them; we do not know what he did with them. I think the world is safer.  