Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 308, legislation recognizing the members of AMVETS for their service to the Nation and supporting the goal of AMVETS on National Charter Day.  I want to recognize the gentleman from New York (Mr. Bishop), the sponsor of this legislation, and thank him for his work on this resolution.  From its origins in the middle of World War II, AMVETS has a long and distinguished history of service to our Nation. They held their first national convention in Chicago in October of 1945, and just 2 years later, on July 23, 1947, President Harry Truman signed the AMVETS Charter. Originally organized for World War II veterans, AMVETS had their charter amended in 1966 to include veterans who served honorably during the Korean conflict and the Vietnam War, and again in 1984 to include those who served honorably during peacetime as well.  From its humble origins, AMVETS has grown to a national organization, Madam Speaker, with over 250,000 members, in addition to another 60,000 members of its ladies auxiliary.  As chairman of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I can attest to the important role that AMVETS plays in Washington advocating for stronger Federal policies supporting veterans, their surviving spouses and dependents. Their legislative staff is among the finest, and they have played a key role in many important public policy debates. Members know that they can count on AMVETS for advice, counsel and support as we continue developing national policies to benefit our veterans.  Madam Speaker, I want to recognize and commend AMVETS National Commander John Sisler of Groveland, Illinois, who presented AMVETS legislative goals at our joint Senate-House Committee on Veterans' Affairs hearing earlier this year. He should be proud of the fact and of the success of AMVETS that they have achieved and continue to achieve, not just in Washington but also in communities across America. In addition to providing benefits and services to their fellow veterans, they also play an important role in the civic life of their communities.  I urge support for H. Con. Res. 308.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of our time.  