Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Let me urge all of my colleagues to vote for H.R. 4608, offered by my good friend and colleague, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood), which would name the outpatient clinic in Peoria after the very distinguished former minority leader, Bob Michel. I cannot think of a person more deserving of this honor.  Bob Michel had an illustrious career as a Member of this body for 38 years. Having been elected in the 85th Congress, Bob was the minority leader for 14 years of his time here. Prior to that, he was the whip for three Congresses.  Madam Speaker, aside from his political career, which was outlined by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood), Bob Michel was a distinguished veteran of World War II. Our colleague, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood) talked about that, and for those of us who serve on the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, we look at a guy like Bob Michel and say, he is the quintessential veteran. He is a guy that served honorably, rarely talks about it, was honored by our country for his valor, and for his suffering with a Purple Heart, and he is a real example of the greatest generation.  He continues to give and to give mightily. Bob set an example as minority leader of statesmanship and civility in both his words and his actions. He taught those of us who were fortunate enough to serve with him, and I was elected in the 97th Congress, that one can disagree without being disagreeable, and that life in politics can and should be balanced with outside interests and pursuits.  Bob Michel was a patriot in all of the meaning that that word has. He was an outstanding Member of Congress, and I salute his fearless leadership, his long service and I salute him for his humility, something you do not hear about too often in this place. He could do great deeds, and he was the last person who would ever tell you about it.  He was just a tremendous human being, and is a tremendous human being, and this, plus all of the other accolades that he gets and should get, is just one more that says, ``Bob, we love you, we thank you for your service, and you deserve this.''  Again, I want to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood) for his sensitivity and his foresight in naming this outpatient clinic in honor of our very distinguished former leader, Bob Michel.  