Mr. Speaker, I submit for the Record my friend Grandmaster Jhoon Rhee's Open Letter of September 10, 2004 to the Honorable George W. Bush, President of the United States.  President George H.W. Bush named Jhoon Rhee the 721st ``Point of Light'' for his voluntary work to help others and served as a member of the White House Commission on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders until June 2004.  His letter is as follows:       Dear President Bush:       On the tragic event of September 11, 2001, I wish to thank      you for your efforts to defend our Nation and our freedom.      All Americans should join in prayer for you as you certainly      have one of the most challenging jobs in the world.       God bless the Forces of Might for Right, the soldiers,      sailors, airmen, Marines, and National Guard who serve in      harm's way, far away from their loved ones, to safeguard and      defend us. God bless the policemen, firemen, border patrol      officers, emergency first responders, and all those who work      here at home to safeguard and protect our Nation.       The martial arts community joins you in thanking all of      those who serve and protect us as a Nation and a people. The      terrorists assaulted our country on 9/11, but they didn't      destroy our spirit.       Mr. President, your seal of office shows an eagle grasping      both the arrows of war and the olive branch of peace. We in      the martial arts have always taught these twin precepts. We      believe, and practice, that it is best to be prepared and      capable to defend yourself, while seeking the path of peace      and love.       In remembrance of the terrible tragedies surrounding the      date of 9/11, the martial arts community is taking action on      the philosophies of peace and respect. Our plan is to both      help heal our old wounds and turn around the ongoing battle      to maintain the positive spirit of America. Beginning today,      as every day is a new beginning, American martial artists      have declared 9/11 to be ``Acts of Kindness Day,'' and will      go forth doing Acts of Kindness on 9/11--and year-round--to      demonstrate to the world the American spiritual tradition.      This year's goal among America's martial artists is to      perform one million acts of kindness between September 11 and      October 11, 2004.       More on our ``Acts of Kindness'' initiative, launched by      martial arts teachers Tom Callos, Fariborz Azhakh, Ken      Carlson and myself, can be found at www.911aok.com.       We would like to ask you sir, as President of the United      States, to declare 9/11 to be an annual Acts of Kindness Day,      urging all Americans to perform unselfish acts to help      others, to answer hatred and terror with kindness and love.      That is the American spiritual tradition we are proud of and,      we think, the ultimate way to offer tribute to the men,      women, and children who perished that day. We ask you to help      us carry this message from the martial arts community to all      Americans and to the world. Thank you. God bless you.  