Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended.  My motion is similar to an amendment offered by my good friend, Ranking Member Conyers, during the committee markup. It simply excludes civil rights cases from this act.  My amendment makes it crystal clear that discrimination based on sex, race, age, or other forms of discrimination will not be subjected to lengthy, expensive sanctions. People should have a right to seek redress to petition the courts to act. For an individual to be able to take legal action based on discrimination because of age, race, color, gender, or sexual orientation is not senseless. It is not frivolous or silly. They are exercising their sacred right to work to make our union stronger and better for generations to come.  Mr. Speaker, I am not sure that my friends and colleagues in this body fully understand the importance of my amendment.  Civil rights lawsuits are unique because they push the judiciary to review, question, consider, and update our Nation's commitment--our constitutional duty--to respect the dignity and the worth of every human being. These cases inspire our judicial system to explore and develop new legal theories and standards.  There is no doubt that legislation like H.R. 2655 would have slowed down many historic legal successes of the 20th century. Civil rights landmarks like BROWN v. BOARD OF EDUCATION would have taken another 10 years. Rights to marital privacy could have been debated for who knows how long. Blacks and Whites would not have been free to marry. Same-sex couples would not have been able to love each other. Decisions guaranteeing freedom of the press and First Amendment protections could be ongoing.  Civil rights legal progress would have been even slower if this act was the law of the land 60, 50, or even 20 years ago. Our judicial system of thoughtful, deliberative, constant review makes our history--our progress, our commitment to justice--a model for nations around the world.  This effort has been tried already. It does not work. My amendment corrects the greatest injustice of this bill.  I urge all of my colleagues to support my commonsense change to this seriously flawed legislation. This amendment is the right thing to do, the fair thing to do. It is the just thing to do.  I yield back the balance of my time.  