Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy).  Mr. McCARTHY of California. Mr. Speaker, I would like to first thank the gentleman for his work and also our colleague Jerry Lewis for his work.  I rise today in support for House Concurrent Resolution 101. President Ronald Reagan was first known widely to the public as a beloved actor. Ronald Reagan became president of the Screen Actors Guild, a two-term Governor of California, and then a two-term President of the United States.  During his time in office as President, Ronald Reagan tamed inflation, reduced America's tax burden, and faced down the Soviet empire, delivering millions from tyranny.  Speaking at the Berlin Wall on June 12, 1987, President Reagan challenged Soviet General Secretary Gorbachev to bring down the Iron Curtain. Standing at the Brandenburg Gate, Reagan declared, ``If you seek peace, if you seek prosperity for the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, come here to this gate. Mr. Gorbachev, open this gate. Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall.''  Upon his death in 2004, when Ronald Reagan was lying in State in the Rotunda, Gorbachev came and paid silent tribute to his erstwhile adversary. Fittingly, in the same Rotunda, the statue of President Ronald Reagan will remain permanently, with a ring of fragments from the Berlin Wall embedded in its pedestal.  President Reagan once said, ``There is no limit to what a man can do or where he can go if he doesn't mind who gets the credit.'' While placement of the statue in the Capitol Rotunda does not, in my opinion, offer due credit to the 40th President, by recognizing him in this manner the people of California ensure that Ronald Reagan will have a lasting and symbolic presence for the countless future generations of Americans visiting the United States Capitol.  I would like to thank the former First Lady, Nancy Reagan, and the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library for their tireless work in this tribute. Along with my colleagues Ken Calvert and Jerry Lewis, they have been a driving force behind this effort.  