. 3326, the 2010 Defense Appropriations bill.  I represent four military installations, thousands of military personnel and their families, and I am pleased that this bill includes the $8.2 billion increase for military personnel accounts from last year. It also includes a 3.4 percent pay raise, which I wholeheartedly support and certainly believe that our troops deserve.  The bill also includes funding for three C-17s, which are vital to our airlift capability. While I am pleased with the additional procurement, I believe that Congress must continue to fund this additional aircraft that is necessary for additional airlift capability.  The C-17 aircraft plays a central role both in the ongoing global war on terror and in the humanitarian relief missions around the world. The three C-17s will be a welcomed addition to the fleet, which includes 8 C-17s attached to March Air Reserve Base's 452nd Air Mobility Wing, which is in my district in California. These will accelerate efforts to ensure that America's airlift needs are met in upcoming years.  I also support the removal of $100 million, requested by the administration, which would have been used to move detainees out of the Guantanamo Bay detention facility. I commend the language in the bill, which was truly the result of a bipartisan effort. It prevents a single detainee from being released or transferred until the administration produces an acceptable plan--one that includes an assessment of the risks to the American people and that requires that our citizens be informed of any transfers so they will be ensured of their safety. It also requires a certification that any release or transfer of prisoners will not place our troops in harm's way or will hinder their efforts abroad. The language is similar to my bill, H.R. 1069, which I introduced in February of this year. I am hopeful we can work this out in a planned process.  Again, I commend the subcommittee and the full committee chairmen and ranking members for a bipartisan bill that meets the needs of our troops and that provides funding for vital missions around the world.  