 Mr. Speaker, the conference report that we are considering today addresses a number of issues affecting the energy and water infrastructure of our country. However, when it comes to the ongoing water crisis in California, the conference report comes up short.  The ongoing water crisis in California has exacerbated the economic downturn up and down my State. Statewide, the unemployment rate has risen to more than 12 percent. In the Central Valley, regional unemployment has now reached 20 percent, with some communities' unemployment now over 40 percent. California's water crisis is the result of severe drought conditions on top of the federally imposed pumping restrictions that have been placed on our State's critical water infrastructure.  While the conference report does provide some funding for a number of California's mid- and long-term water resource management projects, many of the projects are years away from completion and will not provide any assistance to Californians that are suffering today. Many of the most affected communities have made it clear they are not looking for a handout. They want their water and their jobs back.  During the markup of this bill in the Appropriations Committee, I offered an amendment to do exactly that, by ending the federally imposed pumping restrictions. Sadly, most of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle rejected my amendment and voted to protect a 3-inch fish instead of protecting jobs and the people of California. Similar efforts by my colleague, Mr. Nunes, have been rebuffed by the Democratic majority.  The fact remains that the flaws and shortcomings of the Endangered Species Act have tied the hands of judges and water resource planners, creating a manmade drought that is killing jobs, destroying livelihoods and hurting families in California.  I realize this issue should be addressed by the authorizing committee, but if the Democratic leadership will not force the committee of jurisdiction to act, the members of the minority have no other option. If this Congress and this administration fail to take the bold steps necessary to address this crisis in the near future, the people of California will know exactly who is responsible for their mounting job losses and economic suffering.  