Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 101, providing for the acceptance of the statue of Ronald Reagan from the people of California for placement in the United States Capitol.  First, I would like to thank my colleagues who joined me in the original letter requesting the California legislature to pass a resolution to bring the statue of Ronald Reagan to the United States Capitol. A special thanks goes to California State Senator Dennis Hollingsworth for leading the effort and carrying the resolution in the State legislature. I would also like to thank the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation for their support and workin bringing the statue to the Capitol, and also artist Chris Fagan, who I am sure did a remarkable job in sculpting the statue of Ronald Reagan.  In my 16 years in the House, initiating the effort to bring the statue of President Reagan to our Nation's Capitol has been one of my greatest privileges. Like many people, President Reagan helped shape my political views as a young man, and as the cochair of his Riverside County campaign back in the day, I was, of course, very proud to see him succeed in becoming the 40th President of the United States.  As we find ourselves today struggling with hardship and conflict, President Reagan was also confronted with a troubled economy and uncertain times, not just as the Governor of California, but later as President of the United States. In both cases, his characteristic optimism and can-do attitude helped meet those challenges.  Ronald Reagan was elected the 33rd Governor of the State of California in 1967 and during his administration led California toward a ``Creative Society,'' one that ``turns away from increasing reliance on government and leads toward renewed respect for--and greater reliance on--the collective genius and common sense of the people.''  As President, he inherited an economy facing double-digit unemployment and inflation. President Reagan initiated sweeping economic reforms, deep across-the-board tax cuts and implemented sound monetary policies to contain inflation. His policies resulted in bringing the economy out of recession and turning it into the largest peacetime economic boom in American history.  The country also faced the continuation of a 35-year-long Cold War. President Reagan, in his famous June 1982 speech in the British Parliament, described ``a plan and a hope for the long term, the march of freedom and democracy which will leave Marxism-Leninism on the ash heap of history as it has left other tyrannies which stifle the freedom and muzzle the self-expression of the people.''  Five years later, Reagan delivered his courageous address at the Brandenburg Gate in West Berlin near the infamous wall and demanded, ``Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall.'' This was the beginning of the end of the Cold War and also signified a new beginning for relations between the United States and Russia.  Mr. Speaker, there were many accomplishments for me to name here, but it is clear that President Reagan was a Californian, an American and a patriot. California is proud to have such a leader as both Governor of our State and President of our Nation who brought so much greatness to the world.  Today, I encourage all of my colleagues to support the resolution and bring the statue of President Ronald Reagan to the Capitol so that visitors from all over the world can honor the man who declared America's destiny is ``to be a shining city on the hill for all mankind to see.''  