Speaker, the South Orange County Recycled Water Enhancement Act is a relatively modest, yet important step towards meeting the long-term water needs for the West.  Last week, Federal water managers said that they plan to cut off water, at least temporarily, to thousands of California farms as a result of the drought affecting the State. With the State and Federal reservoirs at their lowest levels since 1992, mandatory water rationing is just around the corner. In the midst of our dramatic economic downturn, the lack of water simply makes a bad economic situation worse. The passage of any legislation that enables communities in the West to be more drought-resistant could not be timelier.  The South Orange County Recycled Water Enhancement Act authorizes two water reclamation projects in the south Orange County portion of my district. South Orange County relies heavily on imported water from sources such as the Colorado River and Bay-Delta in northern California. Water reclamation projects, and other steps that reduce demand for imported water, benefit all regional water users.  The first project outlined in the legislation is the San Juan Capistrano Recycled Water System, which would enable the city of San Juan Capistrano to provide recycled water to users throughout the city and its neighboring communities. To meet the local demand, the city has developed a project that includes the construction of a water treatment facility as well as transmission infrastructure. I want to thank San Juan Capistrano Mayor Mark Nielsen and the rest of the city council for their dedication to this important project.  The second project is the San Clemente Reclaimed Water Project which would expand San Clemente's reclaimed water infrastructure by doubling its production capacity. When completed, San Clemente's Reclaimed Water Project will reduce the city's demand of domestic water by 3,300 acre-feet per year. I applaud San Clemente Mayor Lori Donchak and the entire city council for their continued commitment to water recycling.  Mr. Speaker, I think it is crucial that we recognize and assist communities that are working to reduce their reliance on imported water and I urge all of my colleagues to support the South Orange County Recycled Water Enhancement Act.  Ms. Bordallo. I yield back the balance of my time.  