Commanding Officer Captain Robert A. Shafer of the United States Navy is a true American hero and today I thank him for his 28 years of naval service. On Monday, January 22, 2009, Captain Shafer will be honored at his retirement and Change of Command Ceremony at the Naval Surface Warfare Center, Corona, California.  Captain Robert A. Shafer graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1981. He was commissioned an Ensign and immediately began training as a Surface Warfare Officer in Coronado, California.  During his career, Captain Shafer's assignments included Combat Information Center Officer aboard the USS O'Brien (DD-975); Weapons Officer and Combat Systems Officer aboard the USS Antietam (CG-54); Executive Officer of the USS San Jacinto (CG-56); and Commanding Officer of the USS Vincennes (CG-49). Captain Shafer also completed seven deployments, primarily to the Western Pacific, Indian Ocean and the Arabian Gulf during this time.  Following his Division Officer tour, Captain Shafer attended the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California. There he earned a Master of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering and completed the requirements for a Weapons Systems Engineering subspecialty. Additionally, he is a graduate of the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College as well as the Naval War College.  Subsequent shore tours include duty as Executive Assistant and Instructor in the Department of Weapons and Systems Engineering, United States Naval Academy; and as Fleet Liaison for the Technical Director, Aegis Combat Systems.  His previous shore tour included assignment as Chief Staff Officer for PEO Theater Surface Combatants, Aegis Combat Systems Engineer, Director, Battle Force Systems Engineering, and duties as Military Deputy for the Director of Integrated Combat Systems for PEO Integrated Warfare Systems.  Captain Shafer's awards include the Meritorious Service medal with 3 Gold Stars, the Navy Commendation Medal with Gold Star, and the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal with 3 Gold Stars, as well as various unit and campaign ribbons which include five Battle ``E'' awards.  Captain Shafer will retire from naval service with more than just his experience, decorated career and remarkable accomplishments; his enduring legacy will serve as a shining example and constant reminder of what it means to be an American.