Cryptologic Technician, Technical, Petty Officer First Class Steven P. Daugherty is an American hero and I know that the men and women who work at NSWC, Corona are honored to have his name grace their new Joint Warfare Assessment Laboratory Building. Today, Armed Forces Day, would have been Steven's 30th birthday.  Steven P. Daugherty was born in Apple Valley, California, and was killed in action July 6, 2007, in Baghdad, Iraq, by an improvised explosive device (IED). Steven excelled at an early age: he was student of the month at Barstow High School and made the honor roll at Barstow Community College. After graduating with an associate's degree in liberal studies, Steven enlisted in the Navy, where he worked as part of an elite Navy SEAL team.  On that fateful day in July, Petty Officer Steven and his team were returning from an important mission when their vehicle struck an IED, killing him and the two other members of his unit. According to the National Security Agency, the work he and his team performed earlier in the day played a decisive role in thwarting a dangerous group of insurgents trying to kill coalition forces. Today, across from our Nation's Capitol, Steven rests in peace in the sacred ground of Arlington National Cemetery.  Steven was respected by his peers as a professional and dedicated cryptologic technician, and his work was vital to the success of important combat missions. He was a decorated Sailor, having been awarded a Bronze Star (with combat ``V'' for Valor), the Purple Heart, a Combat Action Ribbon and other medals and commendations. His name is inscribed on National Security Agency's Memorial Wall, ``They Served in Silence.'' Steven is also the first formal recipient of the National Intelligence Medal for Valor.  Steven was a loving 28-year-old father to an adoring 5-year-old son; a loyal brother to three fellow warfighters--two Airmen and one Soldier, Richard, Robert, and Kristine; and a faithful son to his parents, Thomas and Lydia.  Most of all, Steven P. Daugherty was a patriot who gave the full measure of devotion defending America's freedom.  In naming this important building to honor the sacrifice of Petty Officer Steven P. Daugherty, the Navy dedicates to him the latest addition to the Nation's premiere Joint Warfare Assessment Laboratory at the Naval Surface Warfare Center, Corona Division. The Daugherty Memorial Assessment Center will stand as an ever-present reminder of Steven--and to every Sailor, Marine, Soldier, and Airman who has given their life in defense of this country. This dedication also commemorates the groundbreaking work NSWC, Corona is doing to support the Joint IED Defeat Organization in its mission to combat the threat of IEDs against our Armed Forces.  In addition to supporting needed counter-IED efforts, the Daugherty Memorial Assessment Center greatly enhances NSWC Corona's ability to support key national missions. NSWC, Corona will provide Strike Group interoperability assessment needed to certify ships for deployment; provide critical flight analysis for all Navy surface missile systems; provide performance assessment of Aegis and Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense ships throughout their entire lifecycle; and finally, NSWC, Corona will centralize, process, and distribute the Navy's combat and weapon system data on one of the largest classified networks in the Department of Defense.  The Daugherty Memorial Assessment Center is a state-of-the-art analysis and assessment asset that gives the Nation extensive capability to protect our Armed Forces, our country, and our freedom. May the new Daugherty Memorial Assessment Center serve as a reminder to the men and women who carry out the mission of NSWC, Corona how very important their work is to our troops. And may we pledge to always remember Steven P. Daugherty; the goodness he brought to our world and the sacrifice he has made will never be forgotten.