Speaker, I rise not only as a Member, but also as the Chairman of the Telecommunications and Internet Subcommittee, and I first want to thank Chairman Dreier and Mr. Diaz-Balart for their work in crafting what I think is a fair rule in the debate we have today and perhaps tomorrow.  From the start, this has been, I think, a very fair and open process. And I must note that the Barton-Rush-Upton-Pickering bill, H.R. 5252, has been fair and open from the very start. In fact, I would note that when you look at the number of cosponsors, and this bill was filed after we completed the markup in full committee, H.R. 5252, and after we completed the markup, not beforehand but after, 15 Democrats from the Energy and Commerce Committee cosponsored the legislation. That perhaps is one of the reasons why it passed in subcommittee 27-4, overwhelming; and 42-12 before the full committee.  The process has been open. We have had lots of hearings, lots of discussions. We have had lots of viewpoints, lots of panels. We have heard from just about anyone with any interest at all in this legislation as it has moved through this process. We looked at a number of staff drafts, many of them with Member input. Some Members might want to decline to have Members' input, but in any case we had lots of debate and lots of issues that we looked at, starts and stops, and at the end of the day I think that the process, most Members would say, was very fair.  What was the intent of what we were trying to do? It is called deregulatory parity; that is that we are going to treat all of the providers of these services equally, whether they be a cable provider, whether it be telephone or voice provider, or whether they have broadband or high speed Internet access. All of those can provide these services. All of us consumers want those services in our homes and in our businesses, and yet under existing law it is not parity. It really is weighted towards one side and against the others. So the bottom line was we wanted it to be fair, and I think we achieved that result with this legislation.  What does it mean for the consumers? Well, for the consumers that have these services, it is probably going to mean about a $30 to $40 reduction per month. That comes out to about $400 per year that they will save with the enactment of this legislation.  Now, I hear a lot about the cities. We wanted to protect the cities. Let me tell you that the rights-of-way are protected. They are going to be able to govern whether the streets are torn up or where the wires are going to be strung. All of that the cities retain those rights. Look at the language in the bill. It is there.  The revenue stream, very important as well to the cities. Remember, that is us consumers that pay. Some would call it a hidden tax, but it is there. The revenue stream is protected. In fact, there are some studies that came out, we debated this a little earlier, perhaps a 30 percent increase to the cities revenues because you have got more providers coming into town and you are going to have more people that perhaps just have over-the-air and don't pay into that at all who are going to want these new services and it is going to be very beneficial. And we have the same standard, the same standard for accumulating those revenues that there is today.  So the bottom line is this: This was a bipartisan bill. We worked hard to seeit that way, and the proof is in the pudding. That is why a 27-4 vote in subcommittee, overwhelming, and then a 42-12 vote in the full committee brings this bill to the House floor.  Now, earlier this morning, I had a chance to talk to Chairman Stevens on the other side of the Capitol. They are looking forward to moving legislation. I hope it is fairly close to ours. A markup yet this month and on the floor as early as next month, so that we can get a bill to conference, work together, and get this bill to the President.  I am proud to say that the Barton-Rush-Upton-Pickering bill is gaining a lot of steam, a lot of momentum. This rule vote is very important. I would urge all my colleagues to support the rule, a fair rule. Let us get it done to get the consumers some money in their pockets.  