Chairman, as we work to reauthorize the Office of National Drug Control Policy today, I'd like to pay tribute to the work and dedication of Southwest Michigan's Regional Methamphetamine Taskforces. It is through their efforts that March is Methamphetamine Awareness Month in Southwest Michigan.  The unfortunate reality is that each and every one of our communities is vulnerable to the dangers of meth--it is a highly addictive drug that does not discriminate. However, the communities of Southwest Michigan are united in their fight against this epidemic. Regional meth taskforces consisting of dedicated law enforcement officials, pharmacists, firefighters, right down to the individual neighborhood watchman, are making headway in the fight against meth. This drug epidemic must be fought on the front lines, and the troops are assembled in Southwest Michigan.  I applaud the efforts of our dedicated Regional Meth Taskforce coordinators: Heidi Bertschinger of Allegan, Liz Lenz of Barry, Kim Palchak of Branch, Jennifer Lester of Cass, Tina Harbaugh of Kalamazoo, Mike Wilson of St. Joseph, and EJ. McAndrew of Van Buren. I would also like to commend Rick Shanley of Kalamazoo for increasing public awareness of the progress that the task forces are accomplishing.  These folks, and many others who follow their lead, have worked diligently to educate communities on the dangers of this drug. Among their many contributions to our region, the taskforces have trained community members to recognize the warning signs of the meth production and addiction, conducted research used by local treatment providers and educated school groups. Our communities are better off for the efforts of our regional taskforces.  Special thanks also goes out to all of our local law enforcement officials, they face the dangers associated with meth abuse each and every day. While March is Methamphetamine Awareness Month in Southwest Michigan, this is a problem that must be addressed each and every month of the year, until it has been conquered.  