Speaker, I guess it was about 2 months or so ago that my friend and colleague from the good State of Texas (Mr. Conaway) came up to me with a piece of legislation that he thought would really help consumers, an education plan that promoted, in fact, could save lots of gasoline that we would not have to import.  Mr. Conaway wanted to do this the right way. He said, you know, this is such a good idea, obviously it is going to be referred to the Energy and Commerce Committee. He wanted it to be bipartisan. And as a new Member, he was not quite sure what his relationship was with some of the members on our committee, particularly on the other side of the aisle.  He asked for some advice. And he went and shopped that piece of legislation before he introduced it. As it turned out, he got every person that he asked to be a cosponsor of the bill.  Now, Mr. Towns, Mr. Gene Green, a whole number of different Members. The bill moved through our committee. And it passed without dissent. Had a hearing. It passed without dissent and here it is today.  Mr. Speaker, we have an energy crisis. We do. There is a host of things that we as individuals can do ourselves to help our own family budget, particularly as it relates to the fuel efficiency of our vehicles.  Some of us know some of these things already: Going the speed limit, removing the excess weight. But a whole number of different things, and, yes, the Department of Energy talks about it on its Web site. I think we can do a better job. That is what this bill is about, how can we do better?  Working with industry, working with the Department of Energy, working with our constituents trying to promote a whole number of things that collectively make an awful lot of sense. But the bottom line is that we can save, perhaps, if we did them all, if we were in violation of all of these things, perhaps save us as much as 25 or 30 percent of the income that we otherwise use for gasoline.  Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. I endorse wholeheartedly what our colleague, Mr. Conaway, does. I would like to think that it will pass with a very strong vote this afternoon.  