Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5126, the Truth in Caller ID Act of 2006, which was introduced by Chairman Barton and my friend Mr. Engel from New York. I also am a proud cosponsor, original sponsor, of the bill which was the subject of a legislative hearing in the Telecommunications and Internet Subcommittee and favorably reported by the House Energy and Commerce Committee on May 24, 2006.  This legislation protects consumers by prohibiting the deceptive practice of manipulating, or spoofing, caller identification information. Caller ID spoofing occurs when a caller fakes his caller ID information, so that the numbers which appear on their caller ID screen is not the caller's actual phone number. In many cases, such spoofers are actually transmitting someone else's caller ID information instead of their own.  Apparently, some spoofers just do it to play a practical joke on their friends, but there have been reports of much more sinister uses of spoofing.  In some instances, spoofing is being used to trick people into thinking that the person on the other end of the phone is someone from a government agency or perhaps another trustworthy party. For example, in last month's AARP bulletin, there is a consumer alert describing a prevalent scam whereby spoofers get the local courthouse's phone number to pop up on peoples' caller ID screens and then tell the recipients of the calls that they are judicial officials in order to get unsuspecting victims to divulge personal information, whether it be Social Security numbers or driver's license numbers, who knows. Law enforcement officials are particularly concerned about senior citizens' susceptibility to such scams.  Another reported case involved a SWAT team surrounding an apartment building after police received a call from a woman who said that she wasbeing held hostage in an apartment; and as it turned out, it was a false alarm. Caller ID was spoofed to make it look like it was coming from the apartment. Apparently, it was somebody's idea of a bad prank.  In other instances, criminals are stealing credit card numbers, getting the phone number of the actual card holders, and then using those credit cards to get unauthorized wire transfers. In such cases, the criminals spoof their caller ID information so that the number which pops up on the wire transfer company operator's screen is that of the actual card holder, and because such caller ID information matches the actual card holder's phone number on record with the credit card company, the wire transfer company uses it to authorize the wire transfer. Thus, spoofing enables the crime to be consummated.  And, of course, many of us are familiar with our own credit card companies which may ask us to call from our home phones to authenticate and activate those new cards. If our new cards are stolen out of the mail, then criminals may be able to spoof our home phone numbers and authenticate and activate our new cards from the convenience of their own homes, hotel rooms, or wherever else they might call from.  While such spoofing has been technically possible for some time, it used to require specific phone connections and expensive equipment. However, with the advent of VoIP, voice over Internet protocol, over the computer it has become easier for callers to transmit any caller ID information that the caller might choose. Moreover, there are online companies which offer spoofing services for just a couple of bucks for anyone with any phone.  Unfortunately, nefarious uses of spoofing appear to be proliferating, and there is no law, no law, that protects the American public from it. The Truth in Caller ID Act of 2006 would make spoofing illegal.  More specifically, this legislation adds a new subsection (e) to section 227 of the Communications Act of 1934. New subsection (e)(1) makes it unlawful for any person within the United States in connection with any telecommunications service or VoIP service to cause any caller identification service to transmit misleading or inaccurate caller identification information with the intent to defraud or cause harm.  The carefully crafted language in this legislation ensures that other spoofing activities which are legitimate, such as the uses for domestic violence services or to route-enhanced 911 calls, are not prohibited. Additionally, the bill provides a savings clause to clarify that nothing in the act is intended to alter the obligations of telemarketers under the existing FCC do-not-call regulations.  Mr. Speaker, this is a good strong piece of consumer protection legislation that clearly is bipartisan. I want to thank my friends on both sides of the aisle who have worked particularly hard to create this good bill, including Chairman Barton, Ranking Member Dingell, Ranking Member Markey and, of course, the sponsor of this bill, Congressman Engel from New York. I would urge all my colleagues to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  