Speaker, I yield myself the balance of the time.  Mr. Speaker, I would just like to say to the gentleman from the great State of Michigan, and my good friend, Mr. Markey, as well, that I know that both Chairman Barton and myself look forward to working with both gentlemen on strengthening this legislation down the road and looking to close as many loopholes as we can to protect our children. Because the bottom line is this, better than a 2,000 percent increase in the FBI caseload of online predators.  This is not the end-all. We know that. But we know that sexual predators should not have the ability to use our schools or our libraries; and we should take away that avenue, if we can, for their evil deeds. And that is precisely what this legislation is intended to do.  And I would note that even though this was introduced some 2 months or so ago, we have nearly 40 cosponsors of the legislation. Melissa Bean has been a great leader from the Democratic side of the aisle, as well as the Republicans that have been mentioned earlier during the debate and that have participated. And I know that in the oversight and investigation hearings that we have had, not only as well as in New Jersey but the legislative hearing that we had with many witnesses, including the Attorney General from Texas, who did a marvelous job of explaining what was going on in Texas, they all strongly endorsed the intent and the legislation as it was introduced.  I think we have a better bill today than perhaps was introduced by taking into consideration the many constructive comments that were made by my friend, Mr. Markey, Mr. Dingell, and others on the committee.  With school starting for many as early as next month, August, knowing that the Congress, at least the House, is likely to adjourn this week, the Senate still has another week, I would like to think that with a strong vote this afternoon the Senate may take up this legislation perhaps next week, perhaps, and we actually may get the bill to the President's desk so that it will be in place for kids as they start school.  So that is one of the reasons, I think, why this legislation was, indeed, rushed to the floor. But, again, I know that we took in many good comments by those at the legislative hearing that we had, and I think that the proof will be in the pudding.  Mr. Speaker, I yield, for a brief minute, to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Kirk).  