Chairman, a couple of weeks ago, the Wall Street Journal ran a story headlined: ``U.S. lags behind in high speed Internet access, ranking slips to 12th spot among 30 nations.''  Today telecommunication providers offer a host of services, whether it be voice, data, or video. And this legislation, should it be enacted later this year like I think it will, will jump-start, jump-start that competition, as it will provide more competition, it will lower prices, probably in the range of $30 to $40 per household per month, nearly $400 for the year, and I have to tell you that that is great for America.  Now, over the last year we have had plenty of hearings, lots of witnesses, input from almost every sector. It has been a fair and open process from the start. And I commend my chairman, Joe Barton. He has done a magnificent job pulling together folks from all sides of the aisle, all different sides of the issues, to put together a bipartisan bill that we debate tonight.  Now, the document that we marked up in my subcommittee and then in full committee changed. It changed because of amendments that were debated and offered and accepted and voted on. And I have to tell you that after each step of that process, the bill was better. It was stronger and it was better. And the proof was in the pudding.  We passed the bill in subcommittee 27-4. We passed the bill in full committee, changed, 42-12. And I would note that when we introduced H.R. 5252, after the full committee markup process was completed, there were 15 Democrats from the Energy and Commerce Committee that asked that their names be listed as cosponsors.  Now, in some debate tonight we have talked about the cities, a question about right-of-way. Well, let us read the language in the bill. Page 19 says this: ``Nothing in this act affects the authority of a State or local government to manage, on a reasonable, competitively neutral, and nondiscriminatory basis, the public rights-of-way and easements that have been dedicated for compatible use.  That protects the cities with rights-of-way. We protect the cities with a revenue stream. Most of them today have about a 5 percent revenue from the receipts that are collected. We add to that. It will be 6 percent, because we guarantee that that extra percent is going to go to the community access channels, what we call the PEG channels, the Public, Education, Government channels.  In fact, some of the studies that have come out show that the cities will gain revenues in the neighborhood of perhaps as much as 30 percent. We added an anti-redline provision that was offered by our friend, Mr. Rush from Chicago. It was a great provision. It made the bill better. It was accepted, as I recall, on a voice vote.  The bottom line is this: if you are happy with the status quo, please vote ``no'' tonight. If you like cable rates going up, if you like the regulations, vote ``no.'' But if you want change, please vote ``yes.''  