Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of S. 193 the Broadcast Decency Enforcement Act of 2005. This legislation is virtually identical to H.R. 3717, as introduced by my good friend, Mr. Markey, Chairman Barton, Mr. Dingell, and myself in the last Congress on January 21, 2004, which I would note was about a week and a half before the infamous Janet Jackson/Justin Timberlake Superbowl half-time show. That legislation was the predecessor of H.R. 310, which the House passed in this Congress on February 16, 2005 by a vote of 389-38.  While S. 193 omits a number of important provisions contained in H.R. 310, I believe that passage of this legislation will help us achieve our ultimate goal, which is to help ensure American families that broadcast television and radio programming will be free of indecency, obscenity, and profanity at times when their children are likely tobe tuning in, whether that be in the living room watching TV or in the car listening to the radio.  This is about protecting the public airwaves, and Congress has given the FCC the responsibility to help protect American families in that regard. The courts have upheld the constitutionality of our broadcast decency laws, although they have limited the FCC's enforcement to only that content which is aired between the hours of 6 in the morning and 10 at night, when children are most likely to be listening or viewing.  What compelled me to act on this, even before the infamous half-time show, was a review of the Notices of Apparent Liability issued by the FCC in but a few of its radio broadcast indecency cases. And, of course, each case had a transcript of the content that was at issue.  My friends, public decorum on this floor precludes me from reading those transcripts out loud, but what I will say is that what I read was disgusting, vile, and had no place on our public airwaves.  I was glad to see my colleagues, Mr. Markey, Mr. Barton, former Congressman Tauzin, and Mr. Dingell agreed with me as well. These cases included descriptions of people having sex in Saint Patrick's Cathedral, lewd scenes of a daughter having oral sex with her dad, and a case in which radio hosts interviewed high school girls about their sexual activities with crude reference to oral sex, with the sound effects to match, and I could go on and on and on.  More recently, on March 15, 2006, the FCC issued a Notice of Apparent Liability regarding a scene in a broadcast network program which graphically depicted teenage boys and girls in various stages of undress participating in a sexual orgy. Again, I will not describe everything that was said there, but I can say that the program aired at 9:00 P.M. in the central and mountain time zones and it drew a significant number of citizen complaints from across the country.  We have no place for that on the public airwaves. And while I am not a lawyer, I would hope it would be beyond dispute that such content is indecent under the law and does not belong on the public airwaves, particularly at times when children might be viewing or listening.  In many of those most egregious cases, the radio and TV stations are owned by huge media conglomerates, but the current statutory maximum fine which the FCC can impose upon them for indecency violations remains at $32,500. In the words of former FCC Chairman Michael Powell, he said this, ``Some of these fines are peanuts. They are peanuts because they haven't been touched in decades. They are just the cost of doing business to a lot of producers. And that has to change.''  Well, Mr. Speaker, this legislation in fact changes that. We have a chance to increase by tenfold the existing statutory maximum penalty for indecency violations. The bill would raise the cap per violation from $32,500 to $325,000.  I believe that broadcasters do have a special place in our society, given that they are stewards of the public airwaves. And with that stewardship comes the responsibility, including adherence to our Nation's indecency laws. Most broadcasters are responsible, and many recently have taken steps to redouble their commitment to keeping indecency off the public airwaves. But for those broadcasters who are less than responsible, the FCC needs to have the teeth to enforce the law, and this bill, S. 193, will give the FCC that teeth.  The bottom line is this: We do not change the standards that the courts have affirmed are permissible for the public airwaves, particularly when children might be listening. This bill simply raises the fine on the violators of the existing standards, and it needs to be passed tomorrow.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  