Speaker, I would yield myself 5 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5319, the Deleting Online Predators Act of 2006, which was introduced by Representatives Fitzpatrick and Kirk, along with Representatives Miller of Michigan, Weldon of Pennsylvania, English of Pennsylvania, Davis of Kentucky, and Castle.  I would note that under the leadership of Chairman Whitfield and Chairman Barton, the Oversight and Investigation Subcommittee has held multiple hearings exposing the appalling sexual exploitation of children on the Internet. This includes the dark underside of social networking Web sites, which have been stalking grounds for sexual predators who are preying on children all across the Nation; and we have had many and such cases in my home State of Michigan, way too many.  Federal law enforcement officials have described the sexual abuse and exploitation of our Nation's youth as an epidemic propagated by the unlimited access of the Internet. The statistics are alarming. The FBI has seen better than a 2,000 percent increase in its caseload of online sexual predators the last 10 years. And of the estimated 24 million child Internet users, one in five kids has received unwanted sexual solicitations. It is estimated that, at any given moment, 50,000 predators are prowling for children online, many of whom are lurking within social networks.  At a minimum, what our hearings have taught us is that both kids and parents need to be better educated about the dangers of social networking Web sites, and parents need to police their children's online use at home to guard against sexual predators.  However, to the extent that children are using the Internet outside the home, particularly at school or at a public library, parents have not been able to monitor their child's online use, and that is the situation that H.R. 5319 is designed to address.  Earlier this month, the Telecommunications and Internet Subcommittee held a legislative hearing on this bill; and as a result of many constructive suggestions that we heard from our witnesses and Members alike, particularly those representing schools and libraries, the legislation before us today I think reflects much improvement.  At its heart, the bill before us today would require schools which receive e-rate funding, and I would note that I am a strong supporter of e-rate funding, to enforce a policy of Internet safety for minors that includes monitoring their online activities and the protection measures to protect against access to commercial social networking Web sites or chat rooms, unless used for an educational purpose with adult supervision.  Additionally, this bill would require libraries which receive e-rate funding to enforce a policy of Internet safety that includes the operation of a technology protection measure that protects against access by minors to commercial social networking Web sites or chat rooms unless they have parental authorization and the library informs parents that sexual predators can use those Web sites and chat rooms to prey on kids.  The approach taken by this legislation is not dissimilar to the approach taken by the Children's Internet Protection Act through which Congress requires schools and libraries that receive e-rate funding to impose filtering technology to protect kids from online visual depictions of an inappropriate sexual nature.  Mr. Speaker, I support the e-rate. I continue to do so. I often visit a school, virtually every week. I have seen the tremendous educational value which the Internet has brought to students throughout our district, and I recognize the importance of the e-rate in making that a reality.  However, as with all technologies, the Internet is a double-edged sword, and Congress does have the responsibility to ensure that, to the extent that a Federal program is involved, like the e-rate, it is doing all that it can to ensure that children are protected from online dangers. This bill represents another step in making sure that online experiences at school and the library are safe.  I want to congratulate Mr. Kirk, Mr. Fitzpatrick, and Ms. Bean for their leadership on this issue. I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  