Speaker, I rise tonight in strong support of S. 707, the PREEMIE Act, which I hope still comes up for passage yet tonight. This bipartisan bill will improve prenatal care for women and boost research into why one in eight American babies is born early. I want to take this opportunity to thank Anna Eshoo, our original cosponsor, and her stafffor their support and assistance in moving the bill forward, and I also want to express my gratitude to my Chairman, Joe Barton and his staffer Randy Pate for making it possible to bring this bill to the floor today.  As a nation, we must do what we can to ensure that our children are born healthy. In this age of technology and state-of-the-art medicine, it is difficult to comprehend that one in eight babies born in the United States is premature. It is essential that we are successful in reducing the spiraling rate of premature births--they have risen 30 percent since 1981. The stakes are too high to fail--the health of our children hangs in the balance.  Premature birth is a serious and growing problem--the statistics are alarming. In February 2004, the National Center for Health Statistics reported the first increase in the U.S. infant mortality rate since 1958. Each day 1,305 babies are born too soon. Prematurity affects more than 480,000 babies in the United States each year. Tragically, premature infants are 14 times more likely to die in their first year of life.  Further, premature babies who survive may suffer lifelong consequences, including cerebral palsy, mental retardation, chronic lung disease, and vision and hearing loss. Pre-term delivery can happen to any pregnant woman, and in nearly one-half of the cases, the cause is undeterminable. The costs are also staggering. The average lifetime medical costs for a premature baby are conservatively estimated at $500,000.  Although we have made vast improvements in treating premature infants, we have had little success in understanding and preventing premature birth, and the knowledge that we have gained has not been translated into improved perinatal outcomes. This has got to change.  The PREEMIE Act is designed to reduce the rates of pre-term labor and delivery, promote the use of evidence-based care for pregnant women at risk of pre-term labor and for infants born pre-term, and reduce infant mortality and disabilities caused by premature birth. This will be accomplished by expanding federal research related to pre-term labor and delivery and increasing public and provider education and support services.  The legislation is strongly supported by the March of Dimes, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology, and the Association of Women's Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses.  