President and colleagues, the American people are furious at the way business is done in Washington, DC. Today, on the floor of the Senate, we saw a pretty good reason why.  For many months, a large group of Senators on both sides of the aisle--Senator Grassley, Senator Inhofe, Senator Collins, and Senator Bennett, among the Republicans; a host of my colleagues on our side of the aisle, led by Senator McCaskill--have been working to try to eliminate the secret hold in the Senate, which is, in my view, one of the most pernicious, most antidemocratic practices in government.  What the secret hold allows is for just one Senator--just one--to anonymously keep the American people from getting any sense of a particular piece of legislation, someone who has been nominated for an appointment--any sense of some of the most important business that is before the Senate.  The Senator from Missouri, who is in the Chamber, has noted that at times there are scores and scores of these secret holds. I have pointed out this has happened for years on both sides of the aisle.  So this has been an opportunity, when the country is crying out for bipartisanship, for Democrats and Republicans to together--as our large group has done--fix this, to open our government, to ensure that democracy is accountable, and that public business is actually done in public.  Until about an hour or so ago, I thought we would win a dramatic victory for the cause of open government. We had a good debate this morning on the measure. Colleagues on both sides of the aisle talked about it.  Not one Senator objected, not one was willing to say in public they were in favor of secret holds. Quite the opposite: We talked for some time, and no one objected at all. We were under the impression that the matter would be scheduled for a vote this afternoon.  Given that, I was flabbergasted that right before it was time to vote, one Senator--just one--without any notice whatever--no notice to me, no notice to any of the other sponsors, sponsors on the other side of the aisle--one Senator sought to attach to our amendment, which would have received a resounding vote because Senators are not going to vote in favor of secrecy when they are on the record--one Senator attached a completely unrelated matter, a very controversial matter.  I say to the Chair, I say to all my colleagues, I never, ever would have done that to another colleague. I have felt for many years now that the great challenge in the Senate is to have colleagues work together, to have colleagues come together on both sides, because that is going to help us advance the cause of open government, it is going to help us get the best possible policy.  So if I had been in our colleague's shoes, and I was interested in advancing this other issue, I would have come to that particular Senator and said: How can we work this out? That did not happen. So all of us, at the last minute, when we were looking forward to celebrating what, in my view, would have been a historic vote for open government, after all these months of Democrats and Republicans debating secrecy in government, we now sit here on Thursday evening, with secrecy having won once more, doing government in the shadows winning once more, denying the American people the accountability this institution is all about winning once again.  I think the American people deserve better. We spent a lot of time today bringing all sides together. The chairman of the committee, Senator Dodd, is here with us. The whole essence of the Wall Street legislation has been to ensure more openness and more accountability in these essential financial transactions. Chairman Dodd has done a superb job in advancing that case.  What Senators on both sides of the aisle sought to do, until there was an objection from one Senator at the last minute--with no notice--what we sought to do was to say: If we are going to open our system of financial transactions so there would be more transparency and more accountability, let's also open the way we do business in the Senate so the American people are not kept in the dark any longer about major judgments with respect to legislation or nominations. One Senator--just one--without notice, kept us from bringing that new accountability and openness to the Senate.  I know colleagues want to bring up other matters. I simply wish to say--I think I have been in this body now for a little over a decade--I cannot recall another instance where the cause of open government took a beating, took a blindsiding, like the cause of open government took this afternoon.  I wish to tell my colleagues, I intend to come back to my post here again and again and again until we abolish the secret hold, until we ensure that the American people see that government is being brought out of the shadows and debates are out in the open, where they ought to be.  We did not win this afternoon because I think we got kneecapped. I do not know how to describe it any other way. But I do not think, at this time in American history, where the American people are this angry--this angry--at the way Washington, DC, does business, that those who advocate secrecy are on the right side of history. I do not think they are going to be able to defend in broad daylight opposing a bipartisan coalition.  Senator Grassley has worked with me on this for a decade. He has, again and again, championed the cause of transparency and openness in government, not just on this question of abolishing secret holds but on inspectors general and a variety of other practices.  So these are colleagues--Democrats and Republicans--who want to show the American people they are going to stand for open government, and they are going to do it in a way where the American people will say: Those folks finally get it. Instead of spending their time in these petty food fights, they are a group of Democrats and Republicans who acted like adults and got together and solved a major problem--a major problem--by eliminating secrecy and making government more open.  So it is my intent to come back, if possible, day in and day out until this changes. I think this is unconscionable. I can tell you, I have never seen anything like this in my time in the Senate: one Senator coming in, at the last moment, with no notice, trying to derail the cause of open government.  I am not going to stand for it. I do not think the American people are going to stand for it. We will be back here for as long as it takes to bring some real sunshine to this cause of the Senate doing its business in public rather than in the shadows.  I yield the floor.  