President, if I could be heard on this very briefly, my friend Senator Grassley is here, and perhaps we could take 3 minutes or so each to discuss this.  We have worked on this now for more than a decade. The American people are furious at the way business is done in Washington, DC, and if ever there were a concrete reason why, we have seen it in the handling of this bipartisan effort to once and for all take business in the Senate out of the shadows and do public business in public. This has widespread, bipartisan support. It is designed to ensure that when a Senator uses one of the most powerful tools at their disposal to actually block the public from seeing public business, that Senator would be publicly accountable. That hasn't been the case, and again and again we have seen colleagues over the last decade abuse this process.  It used to be years ago something that was a courtesy. Now it has come to rule life here in the Senate. Scores and scores of instances of holds have been used by both political parties. There is one Senator in this body--just one--who has objected to this coming up, and that Senator has been unwilling on multiple occasions to come to the floor of the Senate and actually state why he insists on defending secret holds. So the effort to derail secret holds is, in effect, something that is also being done in secret.  We wish to open the Senate to the kind of transparency and accountability the American people deserve, but we can't even get to a debate because the person who wants to derail this effort for new openness and new transparency won't even come to the floor and say it to our face. That is what this is all about. One can have their own views with respect to holds. Colleagues will differ on this, but what we ought to insist on is what Senator Grassley has said over this decade and that is if you are going to object, you ought to have the guts to come forward and do it publicly.  I will tell my colleagues, I believe the secret hold here in the Senate is an absolutely indefensible violation of the public's right to know. Having an office here in the Senate, honored by the people of your State, in my view is a sacred trust. I believe if you told the people of your home State that you are going to go to Washington and keep the public from even getting a peek at a critical nomination or a bill, they wouldn't stand for it for a moment. They certainly wouldn't send you back to the Senate.  I intend to come back to this floor again and again and again. I see my friend Senator Grassley here, who has in my view been a leader in the fight for open and transparent government. I will tell my colleagues, I think the idea that one Senator--because we got this to a vote and we asked for 10 minutes tonight for a debate, this would pass overwhelmingly--but one Senator objects to our even getting a vote for more sunshine in government. Again, that Senator has been unwilling on multiple occasions to come to the floor and say why he favors secrecy.  In fact, yesterday--I say this to my friend, the Senator from Alabama, my good friend--the objector said, Well, he was interested in the Senator from South Carolina having the opportunity to come and talk to Senator Grassley and me about our amendment. He has done nothing of the sort. So he objected the first time without notice when we were minutes away from a victory that would have transformed Senate procedure for new openness. He has objected through colleagues. He has been unwilling to come and talk to us about why he insists on secrecy--and, by the way, what he apparently wants to do is something I have actually voted for.  This strikes me as an absolutely indefensible way to do business. It is a concrete case, in my view, of why the American people are so furious about the way business is done in Washington, DC.  I wish to have my friend from Iowa have a few minutes, and then, with the indulgence of the Chair, we will wrap up. This is our third such effort, and I don't care how many times we have to come back to the floor to win this fight for open, transparent, and accountable government. I think it goes right to the core of our duties in the Senate.  I yield the floor, and I particularly express my appreciation to the Senator from Iowa for his patience. We now have well over 10 years into this cause and we are going to prosecute this issue of openness and accountability until the public interest prevails.  I yield the floor.  