I especially appreciate his kind words about a piece of legislation Senator Gregg and I sat for the better part of 2 years working on. I think everyone appreciates colleagues supporting their legislation. I appreciate the Senator's kind words.  I think he is right with respect to the relief, and colleagues will see that, whether it is the Heritage organization or the Brookings Institution or the various analyses that have been done by other groups. But I think it is especially important, even apart from our piece of legislation, that we get at the central question the Senator's talking about, which is, the current tax system is broken. It is broken, and we are not going to get the country where we need to go by just kind of tinkering here and tinkering there.  I wish to give a couple examples because I think the central question is, Are we going to make a break with a broken system and look forward or are we going to do what has been done year after year after year, which is to just to tinker with a broken system and cause more problems?  Here is the heart of it. What we are seeing today is that every few years there are thousands of changes in tax law. So that means all the small businesses--and you were a small business leader before you came to the Senate--all those small businesses, trying to compete in the tough global market, incredibly competitive markets, do not even have any certainty and predictability of what is ahead. They are not in a position to be able to know what the Federal Government and particularly the IRS is going do in terms of taxes, and that drains additional chances for them to make changes intheir production, in their workplace, productivity areas. It defies common sense. So the fact that there are these thousands of changes every few years, in my view, is very antibusiness, and particularly antismall business.  Then, the second point that the Senator touched on deals with individuals. The reality is, today, the current tax system is so complicated that most Americans do not even know when a tax break has been extended to them.  The Senator and I have talked about it. It seems to me Senator Begich made the central point here. In the stimulus legislation, in the Recovery Act, there were $300 billion worth of tax cuts put into that legislation--$300 billion worth of tax cuts. If we left today and walked the streets in Anchorage or Portland or Gresham or wherever and asked people about the stimulus legislation, people would know virtually nothing about any tax incentives.  