This is the list of the 10 most common mistakes made by taxpayers when filing. The ``oops'' list released this past March included, for example, one of the principal credits in the Recovery Act because people simply were unable to figure out how to make it work on their 1040EZ forms. So the fact is, the Tax Code today is anything but an easy system. It is quite the opposite.  To further support the point with respect to the complexity, this year individuals and businesses are going to spend 10.6 billion hours to comply with the code. If the tax compliance sector were an industry, it would be one of the Nation's largest, requiring a full-time effort of 3.8 million people to get done that 7.6 billion hours.  The cost of compliance is jaw-dropping, $200 billion a year, 15 percent of all tax revenue the IRS collects each year. So the point of this is, we are at a fork in the road. We can either look to the kind of approach that a Republican President, Ronald Reagan, and a number of Democrats talked about one-quarter century ago and move in and drain the swamp, Democrats and Republicans together, taking on these special interest groups that have hijacked the Tax Code or the Congress can continue, as Senator Begich has said, to keep fiddling with one provision or another, making the Tax Code even more complicated, running what amounts to a full employment program for tax preparers or we can take steps that will make the code fairer and more progrowth.  I also think it is worth noting that in the last round of tinkering, 2001 and 2003, for much of that period we had stagnant economic growth. So we were not doing what the country needed in terms of fairness for the middle class, nor was the country doing what was essential in terms of promoting more high-skill, high-wage jobs.  You and I know, for example, if you take away the tax breaks for shipping jobs overseas, you can use that money to lower the cost to manufacture in this country. I see Senator Casey. He comes from the State of Pennsylvania. He has done terrific work because I have heard him on the floor talking about the importance of manufacturing.  This is one of the issues relating to the question of tax reform. Right now there are tax breaks in the code that reward companies for closing U.S. operations and moving them overseas. Why would not Democrats and Republicans want to go to a more simple system, as Senator Begich is talking about? That would be in the interest of fairness for all but also one that is likely to create more good-paying manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania and other parts of the country, by taking away the tax break for shipping the jobs overseas and use those dollars to hold down costs for manufacturing red, white, and blue here in the United States. So I am very much appreciate Senator Begich taking this time. He has been awfully kind with us. I appreciate the kind words about the bill and having him on it. But I especially appreciate him outlining what this problem is all about in terms of starting--with getting beyond the tinkering and the complexity to real reform that works for all Americans.  I thank my friend.  