President, procedurally we have two amendments right now that are pending, my amendment No. 4833 and the Thune amendment No. 4841. Mine is concerning verification. His concerns delivery systems. We will have up until 1:30, when we go into closed session, to debate these. It would be my hope that Members who want to debate would confine their debate only to these two amendments. Because if they don't and we let the time get beyond this, not as many people will be heard on these amendments. I know the Senator from North Dakota wants to speak. I encourage anyone wanting to speak on the treaty other than these two amendments to defer to those who want to speak on these amendments. That is not a unanimous consent request. It is something I think is appropriate to do. These are significant amendments. A good way to do that, if someone wants to talk about the treaty other than these two amendments and there is someone wanting to talk about the amendments, I would hope they would defer to those who want to talk about the amendments.  Let me make a comment about the Senator from Massachusetts. When we talk about the fact that we have been on this thing longer than any other treaty, for years and months and all that, I remind him, I am kind of in a unique situation. I am on both the Armed Services and Foreign Relations Committees. We have had a lot of hearings. That is true. In the Foreign Relations Committee, we had 16 hearings, a total of 30 witnesses. Of the 30 witnesses, 28 were in favor of the treaty, 2 were opposed. What we attempted to do is to get a broader exposure to this very significant treaty on this issue. For that reason, we do need to take more time, because we have only heard one side. Then on the other matter, the idea that this is just an add-on from a previous treaty, let's keep in mind, when the START I treaty came up, that was between two superpowers, everyone understand that, the U.S.S.R. and the United States. That is not the same today.  One of the problems I have with this treaty is that it is a treaty between the United States and Russia. This is not, in my opinion, where the threat is. The threat is with Iran and North Korea. Every time we get an assessment on North Korea, we are wrong. They have more than we believed they have, and then we are put in a position where we know they are trading with countries such as Iran. And Iran right now, according to our intelligence, which is not even classified, would have a delivery system with a nuclear warhead by 2015. So there is where the issue of missile defense comes in.  I know the argument on missile defense. We have the Russian Foreign Minister Lavroc coming out and saying:       We have not yet agreed on this [missile defense] issue and      we are trying to clarify how the agreements reached by the      two presidents correlates . . . with the actions taken      unilaterally by Washington.  And adding:       The Obama administration had not coordinated its missile      defense plans with Russia.  Then we have, on the opening day of April 8 in Prague, the Russians saying that the treaty can operate and be viable only if the United States refrains from developing its missile defense capabilities, quantitatively and qualitatively. We can sit around and say this isn't going to affect that, but nonetheless, that is on record. We have some Russians who believe that. That is not on my amendment. I wanted to comment that there is a reason for taking the time. I will not get into the debate as to whether we should have done it before the election or after.  I will say, a lot of the things that have come up in this lameduck session have come up because the chances of getting these things through is greater than they would be after eight or ninenew Senators come in. The fact is, these eight or nine new Senators have all joined in a letter asking us, could you refrain from ratifying this very significant treaty until we have a chance to look at it. We are the ones. We are the Senate coming in. I think that is a good argument.  Let me get back to my amendment 4833 and kind of kick it off here. I know we have a lot of people who want to talk about the amendment. Let me share my thoughts first. Right now there are, under the New START treaty, 188 inspections over 10 years. That is 18 a year versus what we had with START I, 600 over 15 years. That is 40. So it is a drop from 40 inspections per year to 18. I believe it would be good to actually have more than we had during START I. Under New START, they inspect to verify the elimination of nuclear weapon delivery systems that have fundamentally changed from those of START I. START I required the elimination of sites. We didn't at that time have to set up a mechanism to look and see if these were actually eliminated because we knew at that time they were. Now we have no way of knowing whether the sites have been reactivated. In fact, the test being used under this New START treaty would be to view the debris that shows that systems were eliminated. It could very well be that they could destroy a system, there would be a lot of debris. There could be three or four systems they don't destroy, but they could spread the debris around. It is not a very good test as to what is actually happening.  The second problem I have is that under New START, 24 hours of advance noticed is required before an inspection, which is quite a dramatic increase. Under the old START treaty it was 9 hours advance notice. If you walk into this and assume the Russians are not going to cheat, that is fine. But I am not willing to do that because in a minute I will document the things they said they would do and have not been doing. If anything, we should certainly not have a no-longer warning than under the old START treaty. My amendment seeks to mitigate some of these negotiated disadvantages by increasing the number of inspections per year. The amendment triples the number of inspections under the New START from the two types of inspections specified under the New START treaty, type one and type two inspections. Type one inspections refer to the ICBM bases, submarine bases, and airbases, to confirm accuracy of declared data on the number and types of deployed and nondeployed warheads located on ICBMs, SLBMs, and heavy bombers.  Type two refers to inspections at formerly declared facilities to confirm that those facilities are not being used for purposes inconsistent with the treaty. That would have been inconsistent with START I.  That is what we talked about a minute ago. I don't see any verification in terms that are meaningful to verification on type two. But type one inspections would increase from 10 to 30 inspections a year. Type two would increase from 8 to 24, a total of 54 inspections.  On July 20, 2010, the principal deputy Under Secretary of Defense for policy, James Miller, testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee. I was there. He said that Russian cheating or breakout, as they sometimes say, a kinder phrase, under the treaty would have little effect because of the U.S. second-strike strategic nuclear capability. I disagree with that. If this is something where we have people who agree and disagree, certainly we should fall down on the side of protection for the United States.  As we get to the argument saying we don't need as many inspections because we have a smaller number of facilities to inspect or the smaller size of the nuclear arsenal, as in New START, the larger the impact of cheating has on a strategic nuclear balance, this is kind of a hard thing for people to understand. But increasing the number of type one and two inspections is critical to New START verification because the total number of inspections has been dramatically reduced. Having the facilities reduced is of more concern.  Let me quote a few people who have weighed in on this issue.  Former Secretary of Defense Harold Brown explained, on October 23, 1991, when they were looking into the future and saying this was something they thought was going to happen, in testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on the original START treaty:       Verification will become even more important as the numbers      of strategic nuclear weapons on each side decreases, because      uncertainties of a given size become a larger percentage of      the total force as this occurs.  Is he the only one who believes this? No. Former Secretary of Arms Control John Bolton stated just this year, on May 3:       While [verification] is important in any arms-control      treaty, verification becomes even more important at lower      warhead levels.  That is where we are now, lower warhead levels.  In 1997, Brent Scowcroft said:       Current force levels provide a kind of buffer because they      are high enough to be relatively sensitive to imperfect      intelligence and modest force changes.  He said:       As force levels go down, the balance of nuclear power can      become increasingly delicate and vulnerable to cheating on      arms control limits, concerns about ``hidden'' missiles, and      the actions of nuclear third parties.  Yesterday when we were having this debate, I acknowledged that both the Senator from Massachusetts and I have been aviators for a number of years. I recalled going across Siberia in a flight around the world. You go through time zone after time zone of wilderness, and you think of all the places things could be. That is not the way it is in our country. That is what Brent Scowcroft was saying, that:       As the force levels go down, the balance of nuclear power      can become increasingly delicate and vulnerable to cheating      on arms control limits, concerns about ``hidden'' missiles,      and actions of nuclear third parties.  Then in May of this year in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, former Secretary James Baker summarized that the New START verification regime is weaker than its predecessor, testifying to Congress that the New START verification program:       . . . does not appear as rigorous or extensive as the one      that verified the numerous and diverse treaty obligations and      prohibitions under START 1. This complex part of the treaty      is even more crucial when fewer deployed nuclear warheads are      allowed than were allowed in the past.  So I think we have this unanimity of people who believe as the level comes down, the inspections become more critical. I think we also have to look at the fact--and I know it is not nice to say, and this offends a lot of people--Russia cheats on every arms control treaty we have had with them. We had a recent thing--I am glad it came out--I think it was in the summer of this year, with the report on foreign country compliance. This is what our report said.  It starts out with the START. It says there are a number of longstanding compliance issues--such as obstruction to U.S. right to inspect warheads--raised in the START Treaty's Joint Compliance and Inspection Commission that remained unresolved when the treaty expired on December 5, 2009.  Then, if you look, they break it down.  The Biological Weapons Convention. In 2005, the State Department concluded that ``Russia maintains a mature offensive biological weapons program and that its nature and status have not changed.'' This was in this report we had. In 2010, the State Department report states this: Russia confidence-building measure declarations since 1992 have not satisfactorily documented whether its biological weapons program was terminated.  They said the same thing 5 years later that they said back in 2005. So we do not know right now. They were supposed to be eliminating that program, as to the Biological Weapons Convention, and they did not do it.  The Chemical Weapons Convention. In 2005, the State Department assessed that ``Russia is in violation of its Chemical Weapons Convention obligations because its declaration was incomplete with respect to declaration of production and development facilities.'' In 2010, the State Department again stated that there was an absence of additional information from Russia, resulting in the United States being unable to ascertain whether Russia has declared all of its chemical weapons stockpile, all chemical weapons production facilities, and all of its chemical weapons development facilities.  So what they are saying now is, 5 years later, after they had been warned in 2005 they had to do this, that they were in noncompliance, they are still in noncompliance. That is as to chemical weapons.  As to conventional forces in Europe, the report says: ``The United States notes that Russia's actions have resulted in noncompliance with its Treaty obligations.'' The Wall Street Journal recently reported that, according to U.S. officials, the United States believes Russia has moved short-range tactical nuclear warheads to facilities near NATO allies as recently as this spring.  So I think if you look at the record of Russia, they don't tell us the truth. They agree to something, and then they do not do it. That is why verification probably--it may be the most significant frailty in this New START treaty that needs to be addressed.  For starters, I want to repeat that we have fewer inspections now under this treaty. The idea that you can determine by the debris that remains after something is supposed to be destroyed is, to me, a nonstarter. The advance notice--the fact that we now give them advance notice three times as long as we did at one time--as weapons decrease, I think everybody agrees we need to have more of the opportunities to inspect. Then lastly is the fact that Russia cheats.  I will yield the floor at this point. I do not see anyone around who wants to talk about these two amendments, so I will yield the floor.  