President, let me respond to a couple of the remarks of my good friend from Illinois. I listen to this all the time, people talking about during the Bush administration, the costs that have gone up, the deficits and all this stuff. I appreciate the fact that the Senator from Illinois did state that the situation was a little different when President Bush came into office because, of course, 9/11 happened and we ended up in a couple wars. But that is understating the situation.  Right after the Clinton administration--I remember it so well--I was a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee at that time and actually was a member of the House Armed Services Committee when President Clinton first came in. The euphoric attitude everyone had at that time was that the war is over. Remember we talked about the peace dividend and all this stuff. The war is over and we no longer need to have a strong national defense. That is what they were saying, though they used different words. They started cutting our defense system. I have a chart that shows what happened to--the demise of our ability to defend ourselves during the Clinton administration. We went through the same thing back during the Carter administration. People remember the hollow force at that time.  During the Clinton administration, we started degrading our military. It was reduced by 40 percent from what it was when he took office during those 8 years. When I say 40 percent reduction, I am talking about end strength, military expenditures. The problem President Bush had when he came into office was not just that two wars broke out, but they broke out when we had a defense system that had been reduced by 40 percent.  The second thing that happened during that time--and this is by admission--I remember Senator Gore had made the statement prior to that that the recession actually started in March of the previous year before the second Bush administration started. It is kind of an interesting thing. People forget that for every 1 percent drop in economic activity, that translates into about $40 billion of lost revenue. Turning that around, for every 1 percent increase in economic activity, that increases revenues about $40 billion when that happens.  Of course, we started out with a reduced military, negotiating two wars, and with a recession at the same time. Obviously, that had very adverse effects.  Before I get carried away with the remarks of the Senator from Illinois, that he voted against going into the Iraq war, let me remind my fellow Senators that I happened to have been privileged, right after the first gulf war--that was when Saddam Hussein--all the atrocities had taken place, and we had what we called the first freedom flight. That is when we went back into Kuwait to see what the situation was in Kuwait. It was so close to the end of the war that the Iraqis didn't realize the war was over. They were still fighting. You remember they were burning the oilfields and the wind would shift. All of a sudden, it would be daytime, and it would turn into night. I remember going back there. I was with nine other people. There were some Democrats. Tony Coelho, former whip of the House, was there. Alexander Haig, a man we revere, the man I always thought should have been President, was there. We were watching and looking to see the remnants of the first gulf war.  I had a young girl with me who had fled Kuwait. She was a royalty. She was going back. She wanted to see if a palace on the Persian Gulf was still there. When we got there, we found out that it had been used by Saddam Hussein as one of his headquarters. She wanted to go up in her bedroom. She was 7 years old, and she wanted to see if her animals were still there. They had used her bedroom for a torture chamber. There were body parts stuck to the walls. A little kid had his ears cut off because he was caught carrying an American flag.  I can remember the mass graves. We looked at the mass graves where Saddam Hussein had tortured these people. When he had them sentenced to death, some begged to be dropped--eased into the acid vats head first so they would die quicker. I mean, this is the type of thing that was taking place. Here is a guy who had actually murdered hundreds of thousands of his own people up in the Kurd area by the most painful way of dying. So to suggest we should not have gone back in to finish him off I think is unacceptable.  Before I finish responding to the comments made by the Senator from Illinois, I would only mention, when he talked about how George W. Bush came into office and he cut taxes for the rich and all that, I recall one time in history--actually, it has happened several times in history; it happened right after World War I--they passed tax increases to support the war and when the war was over, they said, we can now repeal the taxes. They repealed the taxes, and it didn't reduce revenue, it increased revenue. That is something that was kind of forgotten until one of the great Presidents came along, John Kennedy.  During the Great Society days he said we are going to have to have increased revenue to pay for all of these Great Society programs. He said the best way to increase revenue is to decrease marginal rates, so he did. Remember, he dropped them down from I think 90 percent to 70 percent or something like that, and during the next 6 years taxes went down and we had the increase in the revenue, which was phenomenal. The last time I checked, President John Kennedy was a Democrat, not a Republican. So I don't know how they forgot that along the way.  We saw when Reagan came into office, he actually made those dramatic cuts as well. I remember--I am going from memory now--but the amount of money that came in from marginal rates in 1980 when President Reagan took office was $244 billion. When he left office, it was $488 billion. It doubled in that period of time, the largest tax reductions in history. Revenues increased when tax reductions went down. Anyway, that all ended when the Clinton administration came in. We all remember the 1993 tax increases, the greatest tax increases in about four decades. That is when they increased them on everything.  The bottom line is, yes, he did cut taxes and that had the effect of increasing revenues. I think when we talk about the deficit, as the Senator from Illinois mentioned, that was inherited by this President, President Obama, we have to remember that the deficits during the Bush administration, if you add them all up, were a little bit more than the deficit in the first year of the Obama administration.  As far as his comments about the $787 billion stimulus bill, that wouldn't have been that bad of an idea. I opposed it, of course, but it didn't stimulate. It had all of this social engineering in there, all of the equal distribution of wealth, yet I tried to add an amendment on there which was cosponsored by Senator Boxer to increase, quadruple the amount of money that went into roads and highways. It didn't work. They defeated it. So it could have had the opportunity to do something.  The last thing I would say about the government-run system is I thought it was interesting when the Senator from Illinois talked about the wonderful opportunities I have and he has in choosing from the private sector good coverages. I think what he is describing is what we have today. I agree with what he said in that respect. But when you talk about a system that is very similar to the Canadian system, all you have to do is go up in the northern part of the United States, go to Mayo Clinic and look at the number of people there who have come down from Canada because they can't get the health care they want in that kind of government-run system. So I would agree with my friend from Alabama when he was talking about describing what we are up against.  That is not why I came to the floor this evening. I have come to introduce a bill.  (The remarks of Mr. Inhofe pertaining to the introduction of S. 3095 are located in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced bills and Joint Resolutions.'')  