President, first of all, I concur in everything the Senator from South Dakota said, and I join him in encouraging people to vote favorably on his amendment. It seems as though the other side has had the opportunity to do a lot more testing, a lot more modernization than we have, and I am very much concerned about that.  I wish to elaborate on one thing. The fact that there is--that the other side--and I read all the quotes from the previous Commissions that took place in 2005 and 2010 to demonstrate very clearly that the Russians would sign a treaty and then they will cheat. They would not comply with the treaty. We saw it with the chemical weapons treaty and the biological weapons treaty and START I. So there is no reason to believe they are going to do this. So in terms of verification, we have to try to do something where we are convinced, knowing full well in advance that they are going to cheat.  That brings up one issue that I haven't mentioned before in this treaty; that is, the length of time we have between notification and actually causing an inspection. Under the START I treaty it was 9 hours, and it has gone up to 24 hours in this treaty. In other words, if someone is going to cheat, if someone is going to hide something so we would not know where to look and we might not be able to find something, why give them three times as much time as we did under START I, when we know more today about the fact that they cheat than we knew before? The second issue is, it becomes more important--as you get closer to the inspections and as there are fewer facilities to inspect, each one becomes more important, and we have had an opportunity to see that everyone seems to agree with that.  Former Secretary Harold Brown explained this in his testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. That was way back in 1991. He said:       Verification will become even more important as the numbers      of strategic nuclear weapons on each side decreases, because      uncertainties of a given size become a larger percentage of      the total force as this occurs.  I think I used the example that if you had 10 and you cheat on 1, that is 10 percent, but if you have 2 and you cheat on 1, that is 50 percent.  That statement is agreed with by John Bolton, who said:       While [verification is] important in any arms-control      treaty, verification becomes even more important at lower      warhead levels.  Again, he agrees.  Scowcroft, the same thing. He said:       . . . as force levels go down, the balance of nuclear power      can become increasingly delicate and vulnerable to cheating      on arms control limits, concerns about ``hidden'' missiles,      and the actions of nuclear third parties.  So I think everyone does understand and does agree that as they decrease, then each one becomes more significant in terms of being inspected.  In this amendment, we are changing it from the 180 inspections over a 10-year period to what they would have under New START versus the old one, which was 600 inspections over 15 years. Do the math on that, and you come up with 18 inspections a year as opposed to 40 inspections a year.  They are trying to say there are only 36 sites, which means--if this is true--we would only get to inspect each site in Russia once every 2 years, while the math works out that they would be able to do our side once every year. So that is something that is very concerning to me.  We talked a lot about where we are in this process. We have talked about our constitutional obligations, about what we are supposed to do under the Constitution. We talked about what we are supposed to provide for the common defense in article II, section 2 of the Constitution, which gives the President the prime role, but we have to advise and consent. I saw something recently, just today I think it is, that came out--yes, it was just today. It came out from Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in his statement. He said:       ``I can only underscore that the Strategic Nuclear Arms      Treaty, worked out on the strictest basis of parity, in our      view fully answers to the national interests of Russia and      the United States,'' Interfax quoted Lavrov as saying in an      interview.       ``It cannot be opened up and become the subject of new      negotiations,'' Lavrov said.  Who is this guy telling us what we can do under our Constitution? I find it almost laughable because it is just as if all he has to do is say that and we have to follow the course.  But he said Russian lawmakers would closely examine the U.S. ratification resolution and any declarations or notes accompanying it to ensure no significant changes were made.  If changes are made, then they have not kept up their responsibility.  I would only remind my colleagues that:       As CRS has outlined in its study--  And this is a study they did not too long ago--     on the role of the Senate in a treaty process: Amendments are      proposed changes in the actual text of the treaty . . .      [They] amount, therefore, to Senate counter offers that alter      the original deal agreed to by the United States and the      other country.  If the Senate gives its consent to New START with an amendment to the text, the treaty is sent back over to Russia and the Duma meets and they decide what they are going to do with it. Then, of course, they make changes and then it comes back over here. This is something that has been going on for 200 years.  All of a sudden, why are we in a position where we are not going to do it and we look at our constitutional responsibility as something that is in the past?  So I feel we have this obligation, and I know so far every amendment that would have amended the treaty has been defeated, and it has been defeated on party--well, not necessarily on party lines but, by and large, on party lines. This is something very concerning to me.  The other issue is, when we talk about tripling the number of inspections under the New START, we have heard it said several times: Well, there are fewer sites. But I would like to suggest that the type two--keep in mind type one refers to inspections of ICBM bases, air bases, those facilities that are active today.  