My office has received an incredible number of calls and e-mails from constituents, from homeowners, from contractors, to landlords, to plumbers, all trying to get information about a rule that, in most cases, they had never heard of until last week. I think everyone in this Chamber stands strongly behind the intent of the rule, which is to protect women who might be pregnant, children, and others from harmful effects of lead. With over 20 kids and grandkids, I understand that. I appreciate the importance of the rule and the potential it has to future decrease lead exposure. But, as even the Obama administration admits, implementation of the rule has been painfully slow and seriously flawed.  Specifically, the rule requires that renovations to homes built before 1978 that disturb more than 6 square feet of surface area have to be supervised by a certified renovator and conducted by a certified renovation firm. In order to be certified, contractors have to submit an application with a fee to theEPA and complete a training course for instruction on lead-safe workplaces. Now, that sounds simple enough. There is one serious problem; that is, there aren't any instructors around to certify these people.  What is worse than that, those who violate the rule; that is, they go and they try to do something to their own home, if it was a home that was built prior to 1978, if they violate this, they can be fined up to $37,500 a day. Just imagine how hysterical people are, not just in Oklahoma but throughout the country.  There are not nearly enough contractors who have been certified, and that is because there are far too few people certified to teach the classes.  That is why today, with 23 cosponsors, I am introducing legislation, S. 3296, to remedy this implementation travesty. This bill provides additional time for contractors and others to get certified so they can become qualified to go ahead and do these things and not be subjected to fines. It actually extends the time for a period of 1 year or until the EPA can have enough people to certify people around the country so that this can be done.  The need for the bill is on display in Oklahoma, where, until yesterday, no one was teaching classes publicly. Keep in mind, no one is teaching these classes. Yet, if they try to do any renovation, they can be fined up to $37,500 a day.  I am pleased to hear that Metro Tech of Oklahoma City has finally received its certification from the EPA and will begin teaching classes on May 13. I should note that because the demand is so high, they anticipate having full classes until July.  Because access to courses is so limited, renovators and contractors cannot be trained and they cannot pass along the benefits of their lead-safe work practices to homeowners and help protect pregnant women and children from further lead exposure. Without enough certified renovators, we will simply not get the benefits this rule can provide.  Let me give you a couple of statistics to help illustrate the problem. As of April 22--that was implementation day--the EPA had only accredited 204 training providers. Those providers have conducted more than 6,900 courses. They trained an estimated 160,000 people in the construction and remodeling industries to use lead-safe work practices. This is far too few people to ensure everyone who works on a pre-1978 home, including roofers, plumbers, painters, general contractors, or just individual homeowners, can have access to training to get certification they have to have.  Let me share with you a few examples from Oklahoma.  Paul Kane, executive vice president and CEO of the Home Builders Association of Greater Tulsa, was in my office with a number of Oklahoma homebuilders the day before the rule was implemented. That would have been April 21. During our meeting, I was pleased that Cass Sunstein, head of the Obama administration's Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, was available to hear from my constituents about their concerns with the rule.  As the Tulsa World reported:       Kane explained the difficulty local contractors are having      in getting certified, adding that only one trainer in the      entire State of Oklahoma has been certified, and that that      person has been certified only a few weeks. Moreover, he told      Sunstein, that person is not offering training to the public      but is limiting his classes to his own organization.  So we have one guy who can teach these classes in the State of Oklahoma. Yet there are literally thousands out there who are out of work until such time as they can go back and start working again.  I really appreciate the fact that Mr. Sunstein was listening to the concerns of my Oklahoma constituents. He told us he recognized that the implementation of the rule was causing economic hardship. He raised the possibility of providing a 60-day delay to help sort out of some of the implementation problems. In the end, however, this option was not workable, and we simply ran out of options to stop the rule from going into effect. Now, that was the day before the rule became finalized. But we certainly appreciate his attention, looking into it, and we are going to try to work with his staff.  My staff also spoke with a property owner who rents homes to low-income residents in Tulsa. He has been unable to get contractors out to his properties to replace carpet or even paint because they do not have EPA certification, which means they can get fined by the agency if they work without it. So it is no surprise that my constituent is concerned that his housing units could fall into disrepair and that people would lose their access to affordable housing--not not only losing access to affordable housing but exposing people to lead paint.  Additionally, we heard from a painter in Oklahoma City who has experienced delays in getting trained for the simple reason that his trainer has not yet been certified by the EPA. This issue reaches far beyond Oklahoma. There are a number of Senators, Republicans and Democrats, who have expressed concerns about the implementation of the rule. Several Members weighed in before the rule went into effect. Senators Byron Dorgan and Kent Conrad of North Dakota and a bipartisan group of Members of the House of Representatives sent a letter outlining these concerns to the EPA.  During a recent EPW subcommittee hearing, Senator Amy Klobuchar urged the EPA to come up with a solution that will ensure contractors have the opportunity to come into compliance with this rule. We are talking about everybody, Members of the House, the Senate, Democrats, Republicans. They are all affected the same.  The issue has also been raised before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. In testimony before the committee on March 11, Bob Hanbury, speaking on behalf of the National Association of Home Builders, raised concerns about potential conflicts between Homestar and the lead rule. Members may recall that Homestar is one of President Obama's signature issues. It is a program that helps homeowners increase the energy efficiency of their homes. But Mr. Hanbury believes the lead rule won't allow the Star program to move forward.  As we can see, there were plenty of concerns raised about the lead rule implementation before it went into effect. Nevertheless, EPA repeatedly said, in the 2-year period leading up to the rule, that it could meet these implementation challenges. As the ranking member of the committee with jurisdiction over the EPA, I wrote to the EPA two times that I believed EPA appeared to be far from prepared. In both cases, EPA said they were ready. In a June 3, 2009 letter responding to my concerns, the EPA wrote:       I agree that both EPA and the regulated community have a      great deal of preparation in front of us as we approach next      April's deadline. I am confident, however, that the ten      months between now and April of 2010 will allow us to meet      these deadlines.  That was a year ago. Of course, it didn't happen.  In a letter dated December 1, 2009, EPA wrote me explaining:       We are confident there will be enough training providers to      meet the demand. EPA does not plan to revise the April 2010      effective date [for the] rule.  The EPA also stated in the letter:       Currently, the capacity for training is in excess of the      demand as several training courses have been canceled for      lack of attendance.  What they are saying is they have been providing all these people, but it is just flat not true. In light of this situation, what can lawmakers do to help provide guidance for constituents back home?  First and foremost, we have to get out the word. I have raised the issue both in my travel around Oklahoma and on Oklahoma radio. Last week I sent out a ``Dear Colleague'' letter to all Senators with information to help them navigate the confusion associated with the rule's implementation. Included are Web links to EPA's Web site which take constituents to important information about the lead rule as well as the rule itself. It also provides a link to the EPA and the Ad Council's new Web site, www. Leadfreekids.org, which is a consumer friendly Web page with information on protecting yourself from lead. I wish also to commend the coverage of the rule by the Tulsa World. The paper's reporting has informed the public and even resulted in more classes being taught throughout Oklahoma.  Further, along with Senator Coburn and some 23 of my fellow Senators, Ihave introduced S. 3296 to delay the implementation of the rule by several months, giving contractors, trainers, and the EPA breathing room to get more people through classes. The EPA has said the people have had a year to get ready for this rule. However, the first training class wasn't even held until June 16, 2009. Renovation firms could not apply for certification until October of last year. Our bill would delay the implementation and give people time to comply with this.  This is in a way bureaucracy at its worst. We say we are going to demand that no one is going to be able to do something to their very own home if it disturbs as much as 6 square feet. And if they do, they could be fined $37,500 a day. Imagine how frightening that is. Yet they don't have enough instructors to teach people to be certificated. This is one we have to address.  I think the only thing we can do right now is to get an extension. That is what I am doing with this Senate bill. I certainly call on my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans. The problem I am pointing out in Oklahoma is not just in Oklahoma; it is in all States. We will have to address this thing, get something done, or we have a lot of risk out there. We have children and pregnant women who could be at risk of exposure to lead and lead paint. Of course, one of the things that is almost as bad is the fact that we have literally, only in Oklahoma, thousands of people out of work because they cannot do renovation. Most of the homes they deal with are pre-1978. It is something that will have to be dealt with. I certainly encourage others to join the cause to relieve us of this problem. The rule will affect more than 70 million homes. The implementation of this rule to date has been a disaster. Congress will have to ensure that enough people are trained and certified. That way, the rule can do what it is supposed to do--protect the health of young people and pregnant women.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  