President, we have another amendment that is up that I think is very significant. It is one having to do with verification.  I think if we look at all of the problems we are trying to address with amendments--we have been talking about missile defense, which is the one I have been most passionate about; we have been talking about other areas, too--in the case of verification, it is very significant to understand that this New START treaty has remarkably less verification than the START I treaty did. There are only 180 inspections over 10 years under New START versus 600 inspections over 15 years in START I. That is a drop of 40 inspections per year to 18 inspections per year.  In a minute, I will tell you why I think it is more precipitous than that because of the significance of the inspections as the arsenals are droppingdown in terms of the percentage of inspections versus the arsenals.  The New START treaty inspections to verify the elimination of nuclear weapons delivery systems have been fundamentally changed from those in START I, replaced with a lesser provision of twice a year permitting the other party to view the debris from half of the eliminated first stages.  In a minute I will break these down, but what I am talking about is that we have a treaty now that addresses two things. Type one is the ICBM bases, the submarine bases and the air bases. These are delivery systems. I think this has to be talked about as well as the actual warheads. The type two refers to the formerly declared facilities to confirm that such facilities are not being used for purposes inconsistent with the treaty.  Now, when I say that, we were talking about trying to verify those things that are in existence today but also those that have been eliminated. In the first START I treaty, we were able to actually witness the destruction of these various warheads and of the systems that are under the consideration of this treaty. As it is now under the New START treaty, we cannot witness it. All we can do is look at the debris that remains after something is destroyed.  Now, my concern is this: If you keep the debris around from something you have destroyed, you could use the same debris, as evidenced under the New START treaty, to show you have destroyed something that was destroyed in the past and not addressing those that are still there today. So in that area, I think this is very difficult.  Finally, under the New START treaty, 24 hours of advance notice is required before an inspection, dramatically increased from the 9 hours of advance notice required under old START. Why is this important? This is important because as we get down to fewer and fewer inspections that would be made because we are limiting the arms under the treaty, then you should actually have a longer period of time of advance notice of the inspections.  So I have an amendment that will correct these inadequacies. The amendment triples the number of inspections under New START for the two types of inspections referred to under START I as the type one and type two inspections. I mentioned the type one and type two, and this would actually triple the number of inspections. Type one would increase from 10 to 30 inspections a year; type two inspections would increase from 8 to 24--the total being 54 inspections.  On July 20, 2010, the Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, that is James N. Miller, testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee--and I was there--that the Russian cheating or breakout under the treaty would have little effect because of the United States second-strike strategy nuclear capabilities.  I wholeheartedly disagree. The whole idea that we would say the current Under Secretary of Defense in the Obama administration--what he is doing is admitting the Russians cheat, but he is saying it does not matter.  I would say this: The smaller the size of the nuclear arsenal--that is what we have today as in New START--the larger impact cheating has on a strategic nuclear balance. In other words, if you are cheating with a smaller nuclear arsenal, that is much more significant than if it were a large one. It is a percentage of a smaller figure. So if it is 50 percent of a smaller figure, it would have been 10 percent of the larger figure, of the nuclear arsenals that were there under the original START treaty.  Increasing the number of type one and two inspections is critical to New START verification because the total number of inspections has been dramatically reduced in New START from the old START. So as the weapons decreased, inspections should actually increase or be enhanced.  Former Secretary of Defense Harold Brown explained this when he said why this is the case in testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee or the original START treaty, and that was in October of 1991. He said:       Verification will become even more important as the numbers      of strategic nuclear weapons on each side decreases because      uncertainties of a given size become a larger percentage of      the total force as this occurs.  That was way back in 1991. Since then you had former Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security John Bolton who stated this year, on May 3:       While [verification is] important in any arms control      treaty, verification becomes even more important at lower      warhead levels.  They agree, and we are talking about going all the way back to 1997. In 1997, Brent Scowcroft and Arnold Kantor said, in a joint statement:       Current force levels provide a kind of buffer because they      are high enough to be relatively insensitive to imperfect      intelligence and modest force changes. . . . As force levels      go down, the balance of nuclear power can become increasingly      delicate and vulnerable to cheating on arms control limits      concerns about ``hidden'' missiles and the actions of nuclear      third parties.  That was 1996. You have 1991, 1997, then present, and, of course, in May of this year in front of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, former Secretary of State James Baker summarized that the New START verification regime is weaker than its predecessor, testifying to Congress that the New START verification program ``does not appear as rigorous or extensive as the one that verified the numerous or diverse treaty obligations under START I. This complex part of the treaty is even more crucial when fewer deployed nuclear warheads are allowed than were allowed in the past.''       They all are consistent, agreeing No. 1: Russians cheat      and, No. 2, verification becomes more important as the      arsenals decreased in size.  I think we can say Russia has essentially violated every arms control treaty we have had with them in the past. The State Department this year submitted a report on foreign country compliance with their arms control measures. This is a report that came out this year, in 2010. They refer to the last report which was 2005. START:       There is a number of long-standing compliance issues--such      as an obstruction to U.S. right to inspect warheads--raised      in the START Treaty's Joint Compliance and Inspection      Commission that remained unresolved when the treaty expired      in December.  This commission endured the time all the way up to December 2009, in different areas. In the biological weapons convention--there are a lot of different kinds of weapons of mass destruction. They are not all nuclear--biological, chemical, conventional. In the biological weapons convention in 2005, the State Department concluded that ``Russia maintains a mature offensive biological weapons program and its nature and status have not changed.''  Then, in 2010, the State Department report said: Russian confidence-building measure declarations since 1992 have not satisfactorily documented whether its biological weapons program was terminated.  What they are saying is even back in 2005 they say it was inadequate because they are still continuing, they are violating the accord. This is back in 2005, on biological weapons. Then that was renewed in 2010, saying they are still not doing it today. That was biological weapons.  On chemical weapons we find the same thing. In 2005 the State Department assessed that ``Russia was in violation of its Chemical Weapons Convention obligations because its declaration was incomplete with respect to declaration of production and development facilities.''  In 2010 the State Department again stated that there was an ``absence of additional information from Russia, resulting in the United States being unable to ascertain whether Russia has declared all of its chemical weapons stockpile, all chemical weapons production facilities, and all of its chemical weapons development facilities.''  With biological weapons, they have not complied there; in the chemical weapons, they have not complied there; with conventional weapons in Europe, the United States notes in the 2010 report that ``Russia's actions have resulted in noncompliance with its treaty obligations.''  The Wall Street Journal recently reported, according to U.S. officials, the United States believes Russia has moved short-range tactical nuclear warheads to facilities near NATO allies as recently as this spring.  I think the Senator from Idaho covered this to some degree. We are concerned about those tactical problems. I guess what we can say is, we know onething and nobody seems to disagree with this: Russia cheats. But there are five things to be considered. One is there are fewer inspections than there were under the old one. Second, instead of actually seeing the destruction of these warheads, we depend on the debris that remains after the destruction has taken place.  I think everyone understands if we are depending on debris, we can be looking at debris from one destruction effort and they can declare that they have done it three or four times since then, using the same debris.  Third is, advance notice is three times longer now. It should be shorter now because of more significance. As we get the smaller stockpile, we should have a greater compliance requirement.  The fourth is weapons decrease--we should be paying more attention to them.  No. 5, Russia does cheat.  I believe of all the amendments, the amendments on the missile defense are significant. It concerns me that we have something, as I said on the floor yesterday, and I quoted, several Russians from the very beginning were saying: We don't want the United States--and it is the intent of this treaty--to be able to enhance their missile defense treaties.  Right now, I look at this and, as I said several times: This is fine, the treaty, except it is with the wrong people. This treaty is with Russia, not with where the threat is--not with North Korea, not with Iran. That is where the problem is.  I have had very strong feelings. I disagreed with taking down the termination of the ground-based system that was to be in Poland because our intelligence tells us--it is not even classified--that Iran will have the capability of sending a nuclear warhead and having a delivery system reaching as far as the eastern part of the United States by 2015. We, with a ground-based interceptor site in Poland, would have had that opportunity. But now that that site is down, we would be dependent, as I showed on a chart yesterday, on a 2-B system that we don't even know--they say maybe it will be done by 2020. We have no assurance it will.  Look at that: We the United States will be naked in this effort for a period of time between 2015 and at least 2020. Maybe even longer than that.  All these things are important. But this one is equally important because it does not do any good to have a verification system that is as flawed as this system.  We will have an opportunity to talk about this in more detail. For that reason it is my understanding, and I assure the Senator from Massachusetts that my being unwilling to agree to a time agreement is not--this is not going to shorten it at all. It is my intention to move on with this as soon as we can get to it. I understand it is pretty well locked in for tomorrow.  With that, I yield the floor.  