President, first of all, let me say that I do like all the guys I am opposing on this legislation. I have been particularly close to Jim DeMint for quite some time. It happens that Senator DeMint and I, almost every rating that comes along, are considered always in the top five most conservative Members of the Senate.  In fact, I tell the occupier of the chair who already knows this, that just last week I was declared by the National Journal to be the most conservative Member of the Senate. I say that because I am disagreeing with a lot of my friends who have come forth to try to do something about what they call earmarks.  Let me try to make a couple points that I think are significant. First of all, an earmark that is in a current underlying bill, if it is defeated, does not save one cent, not one.  People out there believe--and I have heard the talks on the floor where they say: Well, we have to do something about the next generation and all that. Look, I have 20 kids and grandkids. I am the guy who is concerned about the next generation.  So when you try to make people believe you are doing something that is saving money and doing something about the horrible spending that is going on, it is not sincere, because an earmark does not add money. What you do when you kill an earmark is redirect it or you might say you have an earmark, but you do not like what they put in, so you are going to reearmark it to something else.  I will give you a couple examples. These examples, I know the Chair is familiar with this because he serves on the Armed Services Committee. They are two earmarks that Senator McCain had; one was the earmark for the F-22, where the President had had an amount of money for the F-22, our fifth-generation fighter. I thought it was not enough. Several of us added more, about $1.75 billion to that program.  Senator McCain--and I respect the fact that he disagreed--disagreed on this issue. But he had an amendment to strike that earmark, which was a successful effort. So he struck it. However, that did not change the fact that the NDAA, that is the National Defense Authorization Act, was still at $679.8 billion, the same as it would have been had that earmark not been struck.  What happens to that money? That was the $1.75. Well, that goes back into the defense system, into the Pentagon, where President Obama and his people can make a determination as to how to spend that.  Using another example very similar to that, when we had the appropriations bill--that was authorization--when we had the appropriations bill, it was at $625.8 billion. We had an earmark that--you can call it an earmark because we increased the amount of money within the bill, and we offset it to increase the number of C-17s. We felt, in our judgment, that is what should happen. That would have been $2.5 billion.  So Senator McCain tried to get that out of it, and he was unsuccessful. So I have given you two examples, one where you successfully defeat an earmark, one where you are not successful. But neither one changes the underlying bill.  So for that reason, it does not happen. Another one the Senator had was having to do with transportation. I respect him. I do not agree with him. But he had an amendment that would strike some things from the Transportation bill amounting to about $1.7 billion. He redirected that to NextGen. NextGen is a program I am very familiar with because it has to do with the next generation of avionics and all of it. I know the Chair is aware of this; that when Senator Glenn retired, that left me as the only active pilot in the Chamber or the only commercial pilot. So I stay on those issues.  I found out I disagreed with Senator McCain on that because CBO said we could do the NextGen without this additional money. So the point I am trying to make is, eliminating earmarks does not save any money.  Here is another thing that I think is significant. Sean Hannity had a three-night report that I enjoyed. What he did, he had a list of 102 earmarks. He went down these earmarks, and everyone enjoyed it. Last night he had the last 20. So he went: Earmark No. 20, 19, 18, 17, 16--went all the way down to earmark No. 1. There is not time to cover all 102 of these. I did this on Monday on the floor, by the way.  But it was such things as the $3.4 million to the Florida Department of Transportation to build an ecopassage to allow turtles to cross under the highway so they would not get hit by a car. That was $3.4 million; $450,000 for 22 concrete toilets in the Mark Twain National Forest; another earmark, $325,000, to study the mating decisions of female cactus bugs. That was another one. This country needs that, of course; $300,000 to buy a helicopter equipped to detect radioactive rabbitdroppings; $400,000 to study whether adults with attention deficit disorder smoke more than other adults. This is one that really wound me up: $500,000 in a grant to a researcher named in the climategate scandal. Here is a guy who has been cooking the science, and we are going to give him half a million dollars. Then there is $500,000 to study the impact of global warming on wildflowers in Colorado.  I could go through all 102. But there is one thing they all have in common. I will bet you not many people know what that is. Not one of these 102 was a congressional earmark. These were all Presidential or bureaucratic earmarks. There is where the problem is. But they won't talk about it because the public has been duped into thinking congressional earmarks are a problem.  Let me tell you what happened over in the other House. I am criticizing my own Republicans now. The Republican caucus got together and they had a resolve. They said:       Resolved, that it is the policy of the Republican      Conference that no Member shall request a congressional      earmark, limited tax benefit, or limited tariff benefit, as      such terms are used in clause 9, rule XXI of the Rules of the      House . . .  That finally defines what an earmark is. I was thankful for that. Even though their policy was bad, at least they talked about what an earmark is. Here is what it is. Clause 9, rule XXI applies to all legislation in the House of Representatives, whether it be authorization or appropriation. That is what we do for a living around here.  There is an old document nobody pays any attention to anymore. It is called the Constitution. If you look up article I, section 9 of the Constitution, it says that no money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of the appropriations made by law. That is us.  Besides, if you remember studying about this--I know the Chair and I have talked about his knowledge of the Constitution--it was James Madison who was the father of the Constitution. He was the one who came up with the three coequal branches of government--the judiciary, executive, and legislative. He is the one who coined the phrase ``power of the purse.'' That was James Madison. If you read the Federalist Papers, he made it clear what we were supposed to do. What we in the House and we in the Senate are supposed to do is pass laws that are necessary to have appropriations and authorization.  The Chair and I are both on the Senate Armed Services Committee. That is the authorization committee. We go through and study what we need to defend America--missile defense, for example. We need to have redundancy in all phases--the boost face, the midcourse face, the terminal phase. All these things are complicated, and we really can't expect the general public to be aware of it because they are too busy making money to pay for all this fun we are having up here. We have this authorization. That is what the Constitution says we are supposed to be doing.  Then appropriations. After we authorize something, study as to whether it should be a priority, then we have an appropriation to put it into law. That is, again, what we are supposed to be doing. The Constitution tells us we have to appropriate and authorize.  The oath of office--everyone here has taken the oath of office. In that oath, we say we solemnly swear we will support and bear true allegiance to the Constitution of the United States.  Wait a minute. They are going to uphold the Constitution, but they have just said by their own resolution that they are going to break the Constitution.  I look at this, and I think about how people, if they only knew this was going on, if they only knew that all these earmarks Sean Hannity talked about, all 102 were earmarks that came from unelected bureaucrats--people not responsible.  There was an interesting article in the Hill paper the other day. It was from February 4. They say lobbyists are now going to Federal agencies because of all these efforts because of earmarks and all that. So we have turned over and given to unelected bureaucrats what we are supposed to be doing under our sworn oath.  I know Senator McCain is going to have an amendment coming up tomorrow. I would like to suggest that people who talk about not doing earmarks have done earmarks. In the case of Senator McCain, there was an article titled ``McCain Breaks Own Pork Rule.'' This was from November 7, 2003.  Then we have Senator DeMint, who--again, I really value him. He is one of my closest friends. I remember when he was first running for office. I went to South Carolina, and they talked about how roads were so important down there, and he swore he would support them. So he did. He kept his word. These are earmarks. Senator DeMint: $10 million for the construction of I-73 at Myrtle Beach; $15 million to widen U.S. 278 to six lanes; $10 million, engineering, design, and construction of a port access road; $10 million in improvements to U.S. 17; $5 million, widening SC 9; $3 million to complete construction. These are earmarks that were done by Senator DeMint. I don't blame him. That is what we are supposed to be doing. I have done the same thing. You add up all these earmarks on just that bill, and it comes to $110 million. Those are Senator DeMint's earmarks on that one bill.  What I am saying is, these guys all earmark, but somehow the public thinks there is something wrong with earmarks. I say: Fine. Define earmarks. Be as honest as the House of Representatives. The House of Representatives says earmarks are authorizations and appropriations.  What we need to do is remember what our jobs are here. Again, the thing that frustrates me is that there are so many people writing editorials thinking earmarks are going to somehow cut spending. They don't cut any spending. Eliminating an earmark merely transfers it from our constitutional responsibility to the executive branch. I am hoping people will understand this.  I can remember 8 years ago. Everyone said at that time that global warming was caused by manmade gases, anthropogenic gases. I thought, it must be true; everybody says it is true, until the Wharton School of Economics came along and did a study during the Kyoto Treaty days. They said: What would it cost America if we were to sign and ratify that treaty and live by its emissions restrictions? The range they gave us was between $300 and $400 billion a year. We are talking about $300 to $400 billion a year.  I see my friend from Arkansas. I suggest to him, that $300 to $400 billion a year would cost every taxpayer he has who files a return in the State of Arkansas just under $3,000 a year. That is what it would cost. We didn't ratify that.  Along came, in 2003, the McCain-Lieberman bill--another cap-and-trade bill to do essentially the same thing Kyoto did--and then the McCain-Lieberman bill in 2005 and the Warner-Lieberman bill in 2008 and the Sanders-Boxer bill in 2009. All of these have one thing in common; that is, cap and trade. Right now, we have Senator Lindsey Graham and Senator John Kerry trying to change the word, not use ``cap and trade,'' but essentially it would be cap and trade.  All of that would have cost between $300 and $400 billion a year. I bring that up because it is pertinent to this. I brought it up because 8 years ago nobody believed me when I said it is going to cost that much money and it will not accomplish anything.  Then, as the years went by, finally the Environmental Protection Agency director, appointed by President Obama, in response to a question I had--I asked: Let me ask you this. If we were to pass this bill--that was the Markey bill; they are all the same; cap and trade is cap and trade--how much would it reduce the emissions of CO2? Her answer was: It wouldn't reduce it.  Common sense tells us it wouldn't. If we do something unilaterally in America, it will not reduce the worldwide amount. As we lose our jobs here, they to go China and Mexico, places where they are generating more electricity. It will have the effect of increasing not reducing it.  It took America 7 years. I was a bad guy for 7 years because in advance I said that this is what it was going to cost. It was a phony issue. Finally, they agreed.  This has endured 3 years. I have been trying to explain to people for the last 3 years that you don't save any moneyif you kill earmarks. We need to define what they are. The House has been honest. They have defined it as authorization and appropriation, which is what the Constitution says we are supposed to do. Everybody who says they are against earmarks has been introducing earmarks.  The bottom line is, we need to really address something meaningful.  What I have done is I have introduced a bill that will do what President Obama said he was going to do; that is, freeze the nondefense discretionary spending at the 2010 levels. The only problem with that is he increased it in his budget by 20 percent. You are talking about increasing the nondiscretionary or the discretionary nondefense spending after you have increased it by 20 percent. So I introduced a bill that says let's take it back.  This President is always talking about what he inherited from the Bush administration. In 2008, the amount of money that was called discretionary spending was 20 percent less than 2010. If it is good for 2010, let's bring it down to 2008. We have an opportunity that would save just under $1 trillion in the next 10-year budget cycle. That is the answer. That is what I think we ought to be doing instead of sitting around and deceiving the public into thinking that just because the media doesn't understand it, somehow earmarks are going to accomplish something worthwhile.  I yield the floor.  