These tax cuts, enacted during President Bush's first term in office, delivered major relief to all taxpayers. The nonpartisan Tax Foundation estimates that tax cuts have been worth $2,200 annually for a family of four. They reduced the marginal rates in every tax bracket and created a new 10 percent marginal rate for Americans with the lowest incomes. These individual tax cuts, in addition to giving people additional spending power, had a positive impact on small businesses. The tax cuts also lowered the cost of business expansion for all firms through reduced tax rates on dividends and long term capital gains. Unfortunately, legislative procedures kept these tax cuts from being made permanent when they were created, and unless a new law prevents it, all of them will expire at the end of this year. Ifthis happens, it will reduce Americans' spending power and the capacity of small businesses to grow. With our economy in the middle of a very fragile recovery, proposals to take more money out of the economy run the risk of pushing the Nation back into recession.  In the meantime, the Democrat leadership of Congress insists on scheduling votes solely for the purpose of political messaging. For example, the House voted to permanently extend the lower rates on the first $200,000 of an individual's income and the first $250,000 for married couples. In the Senate, we are scheduled to vote on two similar proposals drawing lines at the first $250,000 of a married couple's annual income and the first $1 million of a couple's income. The purpose of these arbitrary income lines is to create political theater. Only earlier today, we understand that the Senate amendments will also include other provisions such as keeping the death tax, albeit at a lower rate and a higher exemption. The amendments will also include important provisions such as another patch on the alternative minimum tax and an extension of a variety important tax provisions which have, in fact, already expired because the Democrat leadership is a year behind in moving the annual tax extenders package. I am simply not going to participate in political games. We have a responsibility to offer serious proposals. We must extend all the Bush tax cuts. The Heritage Foundation reports that in Oklahoma alone, no extension would cost over 8,000 jobs annually, decrease per household disposable income on average by $2,800, and increase individual income taxes by $4.4 million.  Any vote to not extend all the Bush tax cuts is simply a tax on small business. Small businesses are the engine of economic growth in this country, and they have historically been responsible for creating more than 70 percent of all new jobs. According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, the 750,000 Americans in the highest tax bracket report roughly half of the $1 trillion in total net business income on their personal returns. This is mainly income earned from small business operations. By saddling the cost of a growing government on these Americans, the President is putting the survival of small firms, new job creation, and economic growth at risk. Small businesses are also particularly vulnerable to increases in individual tax rates. Because their businesses are often structured as partnerships, their tax obligations pass directly to their owners, so any tax increases on a small business owner is a tax increase on the small business itself. With small businesses across our nation hanging on by a thread and having difficulty finding the money they need, now is no time to raise their taxes.  It is frustrating that the President and Democrats in Congress continue to not hear the American people. If the President is truly interested in the long term economic prosperity of the nation, he will begin adopting and pursuing policies that encourage small business growth and development. Extending all the Bush tax cuts is a promising and necessary start. Unfortunately, until we cease this political theater, we cannot seriously work to ensure the growth of our economy to create jobs for more Americans. I am simply not going to participate in political games this weekend. I will be absent from the political posturing votes tomorrow because I would have simply opposed them. I trust that in this next week, we can get past theater and turn to serious proposals extending all the Bush tax cuts, ensuring that middle-class Americans are not hit with the alternative minimum tax, and extending the annual tax extender package.  