President, let me make a couple of comments and observations. I know the Senator from Massachusetts started out by saying we have to take someone's word for it. My concern is, and I agree with his statement in reference to quotes that were made by Ronald Reagan, the ``trust, but verify.''  He also said, and when I look at this, I think this is--I think it is flawed in all the ways we talked about this before. But I remember the statement actually, I was here, when Reagan came back from Iceland. He said what Mr. Gorbachev was demanding at Reykjavik was that the United States agree to a new version of the 14-year-old ABM Treaty that the Soviet Union had already violated. I told him we don't make those kinds of deals in the United States. We prefer no agreement than to bring home a bad agreement to the United States.  I think we are--most of us who have questions that were unanswered and we want amendments--are those who do not believe this is a good treaty.  When the Senator talks about the number of inspections, let's keep in mind when we did the first treaty, we were only inspecting new facilities, existing facilities, facilities that could be used, warheads that could be used, looking at the MIRV situation.  But now, on this one, we also want to inspect to make sure those things they had agreed to destroy they actuallyhave destroyed. That is why I talked about the debris--rather than seeing something destroyed, they look at the debris that is left over.  On the argument, on the fact that you talked about the one time in Kazakhstan and Ukraine. When you look at the vastness of Russia, I remember--and one thing the Senator from Massachusetts and I have in common is we both are aviators. I had occasion--I will share with my friend from Massachusetts--a few years to fly an airplane around the world, replicating the flight of Wiley Post, a very famous Oklahoman.  In doing this, I went all the way from Moscow to Provideniya, all the way across Siberia. I can remember going from time zone after time zone and not seeing anything except vast wilderness and perhaps a few bears now and then.  When I think about the areas they have where things can be hidden, compared to any of these other countries, including our own, it is kind of a scary thing.  I do believe we need to have the opportunity to increase the inspections because there is so much more area to inspect. The idea that it is not a freebie--I know it is not. I know anything in this treaty that I would change, such as the number of inspections, would apply to us as well as them. I understand that. But in that respect, I don't mind doing it because there is one big difference between the United States and Russia: They cheat and we don't. It is fine with me if we have to subject ourselves to a greater number of inspections so long as we can do the same with them.  I will stand by the statements made and also the statements that were discovered in the 2010 Department report which I quoted from having to do with biological weapons, chemical weapons, and conventional forces in Europe. I am glad to repeat the quotes, but I don't think I have to. In 2010, the State Department said that Russia's confidence-building measure declarations since 1992 have not satisfactorily been documented, whether it is biological weapons or any other program, such as chemical weapons. So with the fact that they have not complied as they stated they would in the past--and we are now dealing with that--I think we have to take more precautions, more inspections, more verifications, because they have demonstrated clearly that they are not telling the truth, and they have not complied with commitments in the past.  I yield the floor.  