President, it is my understanding in 45 minutes we are going to be having a couple votes, one on amendment No. 4833 and one on the Thune amendment No. 4841, having to do with delivery systems; mine havingto do with verification. That would mean we would have 45 minutes to talk about this.  We have already covered it pretty thoroughly. I think we need to have an understanding of what we are talking about in terms of verification.  There are only 180 inspections that are authorized by the New START treaty, and that is over a 10-year period. So we are talking about 18 per year versus the 600 inspections over 15 years in START I. If you do your math, that would be 40 a year in START I, and down to 18 a year in New START.  One of the arguments for that is that we have fewer sites to inspect, and for that reason we do not need to have as many inspections. I would disagree with that pretty strongly. One thing all the experts seem to have in common and agreeing to is that once you get down to fewer sites, the verification becomes more important.  John Bolton, on the 3rd of May, said: ``while [verification is] important in any arms-control treaty, verification becomes even more important at lower warhead levels.'' I think they all agree. Brent Scowcroft said the same thing. He said: ``Current force levels provide a kind of buffer because they are high enough to be relatively insensitive to imperfect intelligence and modest force changes. . . . As force levels go down, the balance of nuclear power can become increasingly delicate and vulnerable to cheating''--``to cheating''--``on arms control limits, concerns about `hidden' missiles, and the actions of nuclear third parties.''  So he is saying the same thing. James Baker said the same thing. He said, when testifying recently, that the New START verification program ``does not appear as rigorous or extensive as the one that verified the numerous and diverse treaty obligations and prohibitions under START I. This complex part of the treaty is even more crucial when fewer deployed nuclear warheads are allowed than were allowed in the past.''  Do your math, and it figures out. If you have 10 warheads that you are going to be inspecting, and they hide 1, that is just 10 percent of them. If it gets down to 2, and they hide 1, that is 50 percent of them. That is what they are saying, that we need to have more, not less. Of course, this is less. In fact, if you do the math a little bit further, as was said by the Senator from Massachusetts--he said: So I think it is one thing to ask our strategic forces to do that 10 times a year, or less than once a month. It is another thing for them to be waiting for 30 inspections a year. Again quoting him: We have two submarine bases, three bomber bases, and three ICBM bases. On the other hand, Russia has 3, 3, and 12. So they actually have 18, and we would have 8, which means, if you do the math further, they would be able to inspect one site every 2 years, while we would only be able to inspect every 2 years. They would be inspecting it every 1 year.  That is the reason we should be doing this. The other thing is--and people keep forgetting about it because it is not fun to talk about it--but the fact is, they cheat and we do not. Everyone has talked about this. We have something that was set up to try to measure who is cheating, who is not cheating.  We had the START treaty's Joint Compliance and Inspection Commission. That commission reported--they actually had two reports. One report was in 2005; one in 2010. In the report in 2005 that was on the Biological Weapons Convention, the State Department concluded--and I am quoting from the report of 2005--``Russia maintains a mature offensive biological weapons program and that its nature and status have not changed.'' That was after it had been in force for 5 years. That was in 2005.  In 2010, that same Commission comes back, and the report states: Russia confidence-building measure declarations since 1992 have not satisfactorily documented whether its biological weapons program was terminated.  Again we have the Biological Weapons Convention reports in 2005 and 2010, saying they are not complying. In other words, they are cheating. If you sign an agreement and do not do it, then you are cheating. That makes sense. On the Chemical Weapons Convention, the same thing. In 2005, the State Department assessed that ``Russia is in violation of its Chemical Weapons Convention obligations because its declaration was incomplete with respect to declaration of production and development facilities.'' So that is what they said in 2005, that they are cheating on the Chemical Weapons Convention obligations they made, their treaty obligations.  In 2010, still talking about the Chemical Weapons Convention, the State Department again stated: There was an absence of additional information from Russia, resulting in the United States being unable to ascertain whether Russia has declared all of its chemical weapons stockpile, all chemical weapons production facilities, and all of its chemical weapons development facilities.  Again, they stated in 2010 that they are still cheating. So it is always difficult, when you look at these. The Senator from Massachusetts said: Well, wait a minute now. We have to do the same thing they have to do, and in your amendment, if we are going to have three times as many inspections, then we have to do three times as many and they have to do three times as many. We have to prepare for them here. I said: Yes, that is my point. We need to have more inspections. We want these inspections to take place. And we want to be sure that the Russians also adhere to their commitment for inspections, which they have never done in the past.  When you look at this, we see there are problems with this. When you talk about using the argument that we cannot change something because you are changing the treaty, I think that is what we are supposed to do. We are supposed to be involved in the treaty. The Senator from Massachusetts was talking about the number of people who were involved in this thing--the military and all these others in putting this thing together. Well, guess who was left out? Us. And that is what the Constitution, under article II, section 2 says, that we in the Senate are supposed to ratify--advice and consent. Well, we have been advised, but we have not consented yet. That is what this is all about. The process works this way.  If we do pass an amendment such as my amendment that will be voted on in a few minutes to triple the number of inspections, that will change the treaty, and I understand that. That means it will have to go back to the Duma in Russia, and they then would have to look at the treaty and decide whether they would agree with it, and, if not, have them make a change, and then it comes back to us. It goes back and forth, and this is what our forefathers had anticipated would happen. Because of all the people who they talk about, the Senator from Massachusetts talks about, who were drafting this, the thing they all have in common is, they are not answerable to the people. We are. I say to the Presiding Officer, we were both elected. I say to the Presiding Officer, he was elected and I was elected; and, therefore, we are the ears and the eyes in the confirmation process for the public, and I think that is our constitutional obligation. It is very clearly stated.  So we do have serious problems. One thing that is kind of in the weeds and is a little bit complicated is, when you talk about that my amendment triples the number of inspections under New START from the types under the START I treaty, we had two types of inspections. This is critical. Type one refers to inspections of the ICBM bases, submarine bases, air bases--these are the delivery systems--to demonstrate very clearly that we are going to be able to look at those sites and see if they are carrying out those obligations under the treaty.  But type two refers to inspections at formerly declared facilities. They say we have more inspections right now. That is because we did not even have type two facilities in the START I treaty, because when you talk about formerly declared facilities, we are talking about facilities that are closed down. So we want to inspect to make sure they are closed down. So the test they use to see whether they are closed down is--they talk about debris. That is how you satisfy to see whether type two sites have been treated properly. Well, they can have debris left over from closing one site, and then leave five open that are supposed to be closed and scatter the debris around to use it again. There has been testimony that is what they would do.  I would be glad to yield, since we are going to have two votes coming up at 6 o'clock on the Thune amendment as well as my amendment, if the Senator from South Dakota wishes to talk about his amendment, and then I would be glad to resume my discussion.  