I have explained the amendment several times. I first introduced it as S. 3095, the Honest Expenditure and Limitation Program Act of 2010. Let me say what it is. We will be voting, if this goes down, on the McCain amendment and another amendment like we voted on before. There is an honest difference of opinion.  What I thought would be appropriate is, since we will be voting, very likely, on another earmark amendment and since I don't think anyone is going to question the fact that defeating an earmark doesn't save a nickel, if we have an alternative that really does mean something, this would be our chance to vote on it.  What I would like to do is briefly explain what the amendment is that we will be voting on in a few minutes.  Some time ago, President Obama came out with his program where he said, during the State of the Union: I plan to freeze nondefense discretionary spending at 2010 levels. A lot of people applauded, believing that to be some type of a gesture that was a conservative gesture that would reduce spending when, in fact, it didn't because he was talking about the 2010 levels--that is after 1 year--and it has been increased by 20 percent. What he was saying is we are going to raise the nondefense discretionary spending by 20 percent and then freeze it. Rather than raise it by 20 percent and freeze it, the fiscally responsible thing to do is to go ahead and freeze it at the previous level.  Quite often, we have heard President Obama say what he inherited from the previous administration. I always hasten to say that, yes, there were somedeficits during the Bush administration. But the deficit in the first year of the Obama administration--about $1.5 trillion--is more than the last 5 years collectively of President George W. Bush. It is important for people to understand that.  We have an unsustainable debt. You are looking at someone who has 20 kids and grandkids. It is the next generation that is going to face it. We can't continue to do this. Yes, it is a nice gesture. A lot of people think you can eliminate earmarks and eliminate funding. That has nothing to do with it. You don't save a nickel. But you do with this. If we pass this amendment, we would be able to effectively reduce the expenditures over a 10-year budget cycle of just under $1 trillion.  What we are trying to do is have a freeze on discretionary spending at 2008 levels for all nonsecurity appropriations, worded the same way President Obama's effort was worded. The only difference is that we use the 2008 spending level. We have a lot of cosponsors. I hope people will seriously consider this. If they really want to reduce spending, this is their chance to do so.  I understand we have a vote that is coming at 15 after the hour; is that correct?  