I apologize for the misunderstanding.  Further, the Senator from Massachusetts made the statement that:       Our analysis of the N.I.E. and the potential for Russian      cheating or breakout confirms that the treaty's verification      regime is effective.  I have to always be a little suspect of what comes out of the N.I.E. I think all of us are. We don't take it as gospel. This is actually a true story. Back in the Clinton administration, it was August 24, 1998, I asked the question: How long will it be until North Korea has a multistage rocket? The response that came back in August of 1998 was 5 to 10 years. Seven days later, on August 31 of 1998, they fired a three-stage rocket.  I think we need to look at some of the intelligence estimates. They have been wrong in the past. When you are talking about something as significant as the issue we are talking about here, about the threat that is out there, then we have to be right.  Then, the Senator from Massachusetts quoted Condoleezza Rice. I actually agree with her. She said:       The new start treaty helpfully reinstates on-site      verification of Russian nuclear forces which lapsed with the      expiration of the original start treaty last year. Meaningful      verification was a significant achievement of Presidents      Reagan and George H.W. Bush and its reinstatement is crucial.  I agree with that. Obviously, she is not saying she supports this. She is saying she supports some kind of a verification. There is none today, so anything is better than nothing. I think that is what she is saying. She also agreed, in her next statement in the Wall Street Journal of December 7:       Still, there are legitimate concerns about New Start that      must and can be addressed in the ratification process. . . .  Implying that there is nothing wrong with having amendments.  Lastly, one of the statements the Senator from Massachusetts made in response to my comments was:       Finally, I'd like to point out that we addressed the      importance of this verification question in condition of the      resolution of ratification. That condition requires that      before New START can enter into force and every year      thereafter, the President has to certify to the Senate that      our national technical means, in conjunction with the      verification activities provided for in the New START treaty,      are sufficient to ensure the effective monitoring of Russian      compliance with the provisions of the New START treaty and      timely warning of Russian preparation.  Here is the problem I have with that. The President can only certify what he knows. Our intelligence experts are telling him what they are seeing in Russia. This amendment provides that the President will have more information. I would think, if that is the concern, we would want to give the President more information.  Lastly, I see the Senator from Arizona is here, and I know he wants to be heard. Let me mention one last thing my good friend, the Senator from Massachusetts, stated. He was talking about the fact that these are killer amendments. I think it is worth restating what we said before.  The CRS has outlined in its study on the role of the Senate in the treaty process:       Amendments are proposed changes in the actual text of the      treaty. [They] amount, therefore, to Senate counteroffers      that alter the original deal agreed to by the United States      and the other country.  If the Senate gives its consent to New START with amendments to the text, the treaty is sent to Russia for its approval with an amendment. That means we go back and forth and hopefully come out with a treaty that would be workable.  According to the 2005 and 2010 State Department reports on arms compliance, Russia has a bad habit of cheating on these agreements. In fact, I think we have covered that adequately at this time.  I yield the floor.  