When Republicans were in the majority I chaired the committee and now I am the ranking member, minority member. We have been concerned for quite some time now that the heavyhanded overregulation we are getting from the Environment and Public Works Committee is taking its toll on American jobs. So we released this and documented a report that examines the impact on jobs and the economy from all these EPA rules and EPA regulations.  We are covering four areas. The focus is on the boiler MACT regulations, the revised National Ambient Air Quality Standards for ozone--we are all concerned about that--I notice the new cement MACT regulations, and the endangerment findings. These are just four rules that are costing us a lot of jobs.  There are many others we could be talking about, in fact we are going to be talking about in the near future: standards for cooling water intake structures at powerplants, National Ambient Air Quality Standards for dust and particulate matter--actually, they are talking about doing one now for farm dust. I am from Oklahoma. A lot of people back here don't understand when you grow something you have to grow it in dirt. When the wind blows that is dust, but you can't regulate it. But they think they can--the new source performance standards for coal-fired powerplants and refineries, and the rules governing disposal of coal combustion waste.  What does it all mean? The American Forest and Paper Association estimates, and I am quoting them:       . . . about two dozen new regulations being considered by      the Administration under the Clean Air Act, if all are      promulgated, potentially could impose on the order of $17      billion in new capital costs on papermakers and wood products      manufacturers in the next five to eight years alone.  That is just for one industry. You have all the other industries that will be affected.  Before I begin, let me say the Clean Air Act was a success. I have always been a supporter of the results of the Clean Air Act. We now have cleaner air from cars, from factories, and powerplants. It has been very successful. In fact, when we were a majority and I chaired that committee, we had the 3P regulations, we had the Clear Skies regulations we tried to promulgate--we have been attempting to do this for a long period of time. However, if we are going to be competing with other countries, this overregulation is going to do nothing but send our jobs to places such as China and India and Mexico.  Of the four areas I mentioned, the first is the boiler MACT. The MACT means maximum achievable control technologies. Forget about that, just call that regulation.  The first one, the regulations, would be the boiler MACT. It would impose stringent emission limits on monitoring requirements for 11 subcategories of boilers and process heaters.  The proposed rule covers industrial boilers used in manufacturing, processing, mining, refining, as well as commercial boilers used in malls, laundries, apartments, restaurants and hotels.  The Industrial Energy Consumers of America, which represents companies with 750,000 employees, said they are ``enormously concerned that the high cost'' of the boiler regulations will leave companies no recourse but to shut down the entire facility, not just the boilers.  This is what the econometrics firm IHS-Global Insight found in its analysis of the EPA's proposal, just the one proposal. They concluded that the proposal could put up to 798,000 jobs at risk. Moreover, they said every $1 billion spent on upgrade and compliance costs will put some 16,000 jobs at risk and reduce the U.S. GDP by as much as $1.2 billion.  The EPA's pending boiler regulations also threaten my home State of Oklahoma. We have one group, a company called Covanta Energy, which in 2008 reopened the Walter B. Hall Resource Recovery Facility, a waste-to-energy plant.  This happened, actually, when I was mayor of Tulsa many years ago. We had two great needs: one to dispose of waste and the other to create energy. So we did one of the first waste-to-energy plants in America. It was done back in the early 1980s when I was mayor of Tulsa. This is something that has been working out and working successfully. But they are saying it could threaten the viability of this operation, and it is not just in my State of Oklahoma but all over the country.  These concerns are shared by 40 of my colleagues, including 18 Democrats, who wrote Lisa Jackson--she is the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency--a letter. Keep in mind, half of these are Democrats.       As our Nation struggles to recover from the current      recession, we are deeply concerned that the pending Clean Air      Act boiler MACT regulations could impose onerous burdens on      U.S. manufacturers, leading to the loss of potentially      thousands of high-paying jobs this sector provides. As the      national unemployment rate hovers around 10 percent, and      federal, state and municipal finances continue to be in dire      straits, our country should not be jeopardizing thousands of      manufacturing jobs.  That is a quote from a letter, half Democrats, half Senators, 40 of us, to Lisa Jackson of the Environmental Protection Agency.  Just in the area of boiler regulation, one of the four I am going to talk about, potentially 1 million jobs could be lost. This is the problem we are having with the overregulation in this country. We have two major problems: overregulation and the fact we are not developing any power anymore, we made it so difficult. We have not had a new coal-fired powerplant in this country for quite some time. Yet China is cranking out two of them every week. This is our competition over there.  The second area is ozone. On January 6 of this year, for the second time in less than 2 years, the EPA proposed tightening the NAAQ standards for ground level ozone. Specifically, the EPA is proposing to strengthen the 8-hour ``primary'' ozone standard. The EPA estimates that setting the primary standard within its proposed range will cost between $19 and $90 billion. That is the EPA's estimate. This proposal comes at the heels of the 2008 ozone standard, which created a serious problem. The CAA, Clean Air Act, only requires revision at least 5 years. That was just 2 years ago. Now they are talking about doing it again. So the EPA is not required to revise the status quo.  Meanwhile, States are in the midst of trying to meet the 2008 requirements while some communities are not in compliance with the 1997 standards, the time they did it before.  EPA announced it is delaying the new standards until late October. Guess what. We are there. My guess is they will be delaying it until after the election because they don't want to know what hardship they are imposing upon the American people before the election. It is not hard to see why. Whatever level EPA ultimately picks, it will dramatically increase the number of so-called nonattainment areas nationwide.  Based on the 2008 air quality data, we could see as many as 608 new nonattainment areas, with many of them highly concentrated in manufacturing regions, in States relying on coal for electricity.  What does the nonattainment mean? For local communities, such as my communities in Oklahoma, it can mean loss of industry and economic development, including plant closures; loss of Federal highway and transit funding; increased EPA regulation and control over permitting decisions; increased costs for industrial facilities to implement more stringent controls; and increased fuel and energy costs.  In my State of Oklahoma, at least 15 counties would face new restrictions right now, under the 2008, and there are two counties that would be out of attainment. All these things would happen. You can't go out and recruit industry, they close down a lot of industries there now. I have listed in these remarks that will be part of the Record 15 counties in my State of Oklahoma that could be facing these new restrictions.  We all support cleaner air, but here is where the Obama EPA and I disagree. It should not come at the expense of people's jobs or the economy. Apparently, I am not the only one thinking this way.  On August 6, 2010, a bipartisan letter--this is the third one I am mentioning now--was sent to the EPA Administrator on the Agency's ozone reconsideration. It was signed by Senators Voinovich, Bayh, Lugar, Landrieu, Vitter, McCaskill, and Bond. That is an equal number of Democrats and Republicans. They said:       While we believe we can and should continue to improve our      environment, we have become increasingly concerned that the      Agency's environmental policies are being advanced to the      detriment of the people they are intended to protect. That      is, these policies are impacting our standard of living by      drastically increasing energy costs and decreasing the      ability of our states to create jobs, foster      entrepreneurship, and give manufacturers the ability to      compete in the global marketplace.  Again, that was just one of these four areas.  The third one would be the Portland cement regulations. This third rule is another regulation having to do with cement. According to the EPA, ``a projected 181 Portland cement kilns will be operating at approximately 100 facilities in the United States by the year 2013.'' EPA's new emission standards under section 112 of the Clean Air Act will apply to 158 of that 181. About 7 kilns will be subject to the EPA's new source performance standards under section 111 of the Clean Air Act.  The cement industry is essential to America's economy. According to a study by the Maguire Energy Institute at SMU, the cement manufacturing industry in 2008 produced $27.5 billion in GDP, $931 million in indirect tax revenues for State and local governments, and sustained 15,000 high-paying jobs.  In addition to those 15,000 direct jobs, the industry has an ``induced employment'' effect, which helps create andsustain an additional 153,000 jobs. ``Importantly,'' the Maguire Energy Institute noted ``these are primarily high-wage jobs generating about $7.5 billion annually in wages and benefits.''  According to the Portland Cement Association, EPA's regulation puts up to 18 cement plants at risk of shutting down, threatening nearly 1,800 direct jobs and 9,000 indirect jobs, accordingly. I might add, one of these would be in my State of Oklahoma. These jobs in cement production would go to China. That is what a professor from King's College in London said about the EPA's rule--coming from London:       So rather than importing 20 million tons of cement per      year, the proposed [rule] will lead to cement imports of more      than 48 million tons per year. In other words, by tightening      the regulations on U.S. cement kilns, there will be a risk      transfer of some 28 million tons of cement offshore, mostly      to China.  Senators Voinovich and Lincoln wrote a bipartisan letter to Administrator Jackson, sharing these concerns back in February, saying:       In a very real sense, if a reasonable standard is not      adopted in this matter, we anticipate that substantial cement      capacity may move overseas to the detriment of industrial      employment. . . .  And the detriment of hundreds of thousands of people in the United States.  The fourth is my favorite. To give just a little bit of background, way back when we had the Kyoto treaty in the 1990s, there was an effort at that time to say we have catastrophic things happening, global warming and all that, as a result of primarily man-made gases. They tried through the years to pass legislation. We had the 2003 and 2005 McCain-Lieberman bills. Then we had the Markey bills and the others. I think one was a Boxer-Sanders bill. All of them were essentially doing the same thing; it was called cap and trade. It was something I characterized as the largest tax increase in the history of this country.  As a matter of fact, during the consideration of all of these bills, they estimated--and this was several--MIT, CRA, and several other institutions said that the cost to America would be somewhere between $300 and $400 billion a year.  The rule discussed is the endangerment finding. As I have documented on the Senate floor before, the EPA promulgated its endangerment finding on greenhouse gases in December of 2009, which I said could lead to the greatest bureaucratic intrusion into the lives of the American people. It would trigger costly, time-consuming permitting requirements for new and modified stationary sources for greenhouse gases such as powerplants, factories, and refineries.  So the problem with this is that when the Obama administration saw that Congress was not going to pass these very punitive tax increases called cap and trade, they decided they were going to try to do it through regulation. That is what this is all about. This is just one-fourth of the minority report we have out there that we introduced today.  The rule, in order to do this--and I will never forget because right before I went over to Copenhagen in December, we had a hearing in the Environment and Public Works Committee, and we had Lisa Jackson--I have a great deal of respect for her--before the hearing.  I said: Madam Administrator, I suspect that when I leave for Copenhagen tomorrow, you are going to have an endangerment finding.  An endangerment finding is a finding that will allow them to promulgate rules to do what they failed to be able to do in legislation.  I said: And to do that, it is going to have to be based on some science. What science would that be based on?  She said: Primarily, the science that came from the United Nations.  And the IPCC--since that time, there has been Climategate--told the truth about how they have been trying to cook the science over that period of time. So this is one that is really very serious.  But the U.S. Chamber found that if they are able to go ahead and use the emissions, it would affect 260,000 office buildings, 150,000 warehouses, 92,000 health care facilities, 71,000 hotels and motels, 51,000 food service facilities, 37,000 churches and other places of worship, and 17,000 farms. That is because they would be falling under the category--the 250 tons of emissions of CO2 per year.  The greenhouse gas regulations will mean higher energy costs for consumers, especially for minorities and the poor.  I had the Catholic Charities in my office today. We had, actually, the man, who I learned just died this last week, with the Ohio Catholic Charities down for hearings when we were talking about all the things they were trying to do through the various bills on cap and trade. His testimony was--and these individuals were in my office today--that it disproportionately hurts poor people. For example, if someone is in poverty, there are just some things that person has to have--heating the home in the winter, transportation costs, costs that are necessary. If you are a wealthy person, that might constitute maybe 5 percent of your expendable income, but it could be 100 percent of the income of someone who is poor. So it disproportionately hurts the poor people.  This is why, on February 19, recognizing that he was going to lose a lot of jobs, Senator Rockefeller, joined by seven of his Democratic colleagues, wrote--again, this is the fourth letter--to Administrator Jackson on their concern with the endangerment finding.       We write with serious economic and energy security concerns      relating to the potential regulation of greenhouse gases from      stationary sources under the Clean Air Act. We remain      concerned about the possible impacts on American workers and      businesses and a number of industrial sectors, along with the      farmers, miners and small business owners who could be      affected as your energy agency moves toward the regulations      for vehicle greenhouse gas emissions.  You know, as bad as things are right now, we are supposed to be able to knock down and the President said we are going to bring unemployment down to somewhere around 6 or 7 percent, and it is still right up there at 10 percent. These regulations haven't even gone into effect yet. So that is going to cause the unemployment figures to be much higher.  So I think it is important to recognize right now, before it is too late, that something can be done about this overregulation right now, and I really believe this is the opportunity that we have.  This report we just released today is on my Web site, inhofe.senate.gov, and we have now been able to get this around the country so that people know that as bad as the unemployment and overregulation is that is costing American jobs, it could be a lot worse if these four regulations get into full effect. I think it is our job here in the Chamber to recognize that we have a very serious unemployment problem in this country, a very serious overregulation problem in this country, and we can now do something about it.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Udall of Colorado.) The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  