 President, during the last 18 months, our economy has been crippled by an unprecedented financial crisis. What began simply as rising defaults on subprime mortgages has rapidly evolved into the greatest economic storm since the Great Depression.  Shackled by mounting losses on mortgage-backed securities and falling home prices, our banking system has retracted from normal lending. Starved of financing, our economy is rapidly deteriorating, while millions of Americans face unemployment.  Unfortunately, we have watched two succeeding administrations--the Bush administration and now, I fear, the Obama administration--propose plans to revitalize our economy that have failed to live up to expectations.  We are now told that the solution to the current crisis lies in this stimulus bill before the Senate. Proponents claim that this bill will jump-start the economy and reinvigorate private commercial activity. I disagree.  This bill has been poorly conceived and hastily crafted. First, the immediate impact of this bill is far too small. According to the Congressional Budget Office, only 12 percent of the discretionary spending in this bill takes place in the year 2009. Secondly, this bill is not targeted to maximize its impact. It simply funds, I believe, a wish list of government programs rather than focusing on creating jobs and bolstering the incomes of all Americans.  Finally, I fear that the supporters of this bill have been resting far too heavily on their Keynesian ideological crutch rather than devising good policy here.  We are told that Professor Keynes said that government spending was the key to restoring long-term economic growth. We need to remember that Professor Keynes' views evolved a great deal over time. He was continually changing his opinions when confronted with new facts and circumstances. His famed ``general theory'' of employment, interest, and money was borne of his concern that the old policy prescriptions were not working.  Because his thinking was always changing, Keynes was often criticized for being inconsistent. He famously replied:       When the facts change, I change my mind. What do you do?  I believe we need a solution that fits the facts and circumstances of our times, just as Keynes sought to provide a solution to address those of the United Kingdom at one time.  Our solution, I believe, needs to focus on restoring our banking system. Unless our banking system is nurtured back to health, our economy will remain crippled, and much of what is in this stimulus bill, I believe, will have been wasted.  It is worth remembering that the first thing Franklin Roosevelt did upon becoming President of the United States was address the Nation's banking crisis, long before he embarked on the New Deal spending programs. Another example I believe we should keep in mind is the experience of Japan during their so-called lost decade. You will recall that during the 1990s, the Japanese experienced a banking crisis as well. Rather than deal with their zombie banks, Japanese policymakers enacted numerous stimulus bills. And despite those spending sprees, the Japanese economy continued to stagnate as they increased Japan's debt-to-GDP ratio from 60 percent to a staggering 180 percent today.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record a list of economists, including several Nobel Prize winners.  