  The Treasury Department's implementation of TARP has been a bureaucratic fiasco. In the years to come, I believe it will be considered a textbook case in our business schools on how not to conduct fiscal policy.  The Treasury Department has never had a clear plan on how to respond to the financial crisis or how TARP funds could best be utilized. It told Congress just a few months ago that it would spend TARP funds one way and then spent them another. Rather than establish a clear plan and then use TARP funds to implement it, Treasury has recklessly used TARP funds to bail out big Wall Street firms threatened with bankruptcy.  TARP has proven to be helpful for rescuing Wall Street bondholders but has done little for the U.S. economy, small business, and average Americans.  Treasury's approach to TARP has been so undisciplined that its commitments already exceed the $350 billion Congress authorized it to spend.  Further evidence of the erratic implementation of TARP is the fact that Treasury has even failed to comply with the statutory requirements for requesting the additional $350 billion in TARP funds. The statute clearly requires the Treasury Secretary to provide Congress with a detailed plan on how it will spend the additional funds. There is no plan. There is nothing to review. There is no way we can say to the American people this afternoon that we have conducted in the Senate a thoughtful, thorough examination of how this money is going to be spent because there is, quite literally, nothing to examine.  If Congress cannot hold Treasury accountable for providing a simple plan on how it will use an additional $350 billion, why should the American people today have any confidence Congress can hold Treasury accountable on how it will spend it?  As you know, I opposed the original TARP legislation because I did not believe the TARP program was based on a well-thought-out plan. During our consideration of that legislation in the Senate, I pointed out to some of my colleagues some clear and serious problems with purchasing troubled assets as Treasury proposed to do at that time.  The Treasury Department assured us--assured us--told us unequivocally it could address the financial crisis by establishing TARP to purchase troubled assets from banks using a reverse mortgage auction.  Is that what the initial $350 billion was used for? The answer is no. After further examination, the Treasury Secretary decided that purchasing troubled assets was not a feasible plan.  It is now clear the Secretary of the Treasury did not have a real plan when he proposed TARP. Rather, he had a hastily conceived notion that, it turned out, was impossible to implement. Because there was so little thought put into the original plan, we have spent $350 billion and the TARP has failed to stem the economic downturn and hundreds of thousands of people have lost their jobs.  We should not, this afternoon, repeat our mistake--but we will--by granting the Treasury the additional $350 billion without first determining how to best use those funds.  I think it is time the Congress stop and think and take the time to devise an effective solution. First, we should demand that the Treasury Secretary provide a plan on how the $350 billion will be used. That is the least we can do. This is already required, as I said, under the TARP legislation, which directs the Secretary to submit ``a written report detailing the plan of the Secretary.''  What the Secretary has submitted is not only legally insufficient, it is completely devoid of substance. This should not be acceptable to the Senate.  Second, the Banking Committee should hold extensive hearings on TARP and alternative ways of addressing our financial problems. It should also hold hearings on how previously committed TARP funds have been spent, who benefited, who is accountable. The Treasury Secretary, whoever it may be, should appear before Congress and tell us exactly how he wants to use the funds. This is especially important now that a new administration will be responsible for spending it.  Madam President, $350 billion is an enormous amount of money to me. I find it hard to believe we would even consider granting any public official the authority to spend such an amount without, at the very least, requiring him to appear before us and explain how he will use it. If the majority and the new administration wish to demonstrate that there is a new climate of accountability in Washington, this would be an opportune place to start.  I believe the choice is clear. If you support accountability, transparency, the only vote is to support the joint resolution to deny the $350 billion to the Treasury.  The American people, I believe, are rightly outraged at the way Congress and the Treasury have recklessly spent billions of TARP dollars. It is time Congress looks at the financial crisis with the seriousness and diligence the American people demand, expect, and reserve.  The last time we considered how to respond to the financial crisis, we panicked and passed the TARP bill. We now have a second chance--though I believe we will throw it away--to fulfill our responsibilities to the American people. I hope we will support the motion to disapprove. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the joint resolution of disapproval.  I yield the floor.  