 My amendment before the Senate now supplements the committee's additional $50 million for ground-based midcourse defense.  The amendment before the Senate is simple. It requires the Missile Defense Agency to conduct two reports related to the ground-based midcourse defense. We need to know the agency's plan for the ground-based interceptor funds in this bill before us. This report would provide further details into exactly what that plan is. I believe this is imperative. Congress and our Nation must fully understand how the Missile Defense Agency will utilize this critical capability for our Nation. The second report asks the Missile Defense Agency to outline the acquisition strategy for the ground-based midcourse defense system over the next 6 years from fiscal year 2011 to 2017.  North Korea and Iran will continue their ballistic efforts, and I believe we must be able to counter those threats.  In its budget request for the year 2010, the administration proposed several funding cuts and eliminations impacting our national missile defense, including a $700 million reduction to GMD. I appreciate Chairman Inouye and Ranking Member Cochran including an additional $50 million in the bill before the Senate for GMD, which will hopefully keep our GBI production line from going cold.  Yet the threat is not diminishing. We must have a plan for countering nations that threaten our security. We need to know the Missile Defense Agency's plan for this fiscal year as well as the next years. Our enemies are still our enemies, and now so more than ever we should be cognizant of the fact that Iran and North Korea are working hard at technological advancement designed to destroy us and our allies.  Despite nearly unanimous opposition in the international community, Iran has pressed on with nuclear ambitions and has shown no intention that I have known of abandoning this reckless path. Every day, Iran continues to add to the thousands of centrifuges it already has to enrich its uranium. It continues to test its ballistic missiles. In fact, the International Atomic Energy Association recently released a report stating that Iran is now working to conjoin ballistic and nuclear capabilities. I believe we need an integrated, layered national missile defense to deter this threat, and we need it now.  Moving forward, I hope that the Missile Defense Agency will ensure our Nation's production line for ground-based interceptors and that their subsystems and components will not die on the vine if we ever have to meet this threat.  The ground-based midcourse defense system and the interceptors in particular are valuable national assets. And I will continue to work with Chairman Inouye, Senator Cochran, and others on the Appropriations Defense Subcommittee to ensure that we have here in the United States a robust national missile defense system.  It is my understanding in talking to the chairman that this amendment has been agreed to by Senator Inouye and Senator Cochran. I hope they will adopt it.  I yield the floor.  