President, for the past 10 days this body has been engaged in an important debate on a bill that has had widespread, bipartisan support, that was reported unanimously by the Senate Judiciary Committee, and that would help to end the scourge of human trafficking.  I am a cosponsor of this bill because I believe it will help equip law enforcement and prosecutors with the tools they need to combat these horrific sex trafficking crimes.  I, along with my colleague, Senator Leahy, have also introduced a bill--that we have filed as an amendment--that would reauthorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act programs so we can also have a prevention piece in this legislation.  Many Members of this body have worked very hard on this legislation. Senator Cornyn, whose bill we are considering, has been a real leader in the area of human trafficking. Senator Klobuchar also has a bill I have been proud to cosponsor. Senator Grassley and Senator Leahy, at the request of all 20 of the women Senators, held a hearing on this issue at which I was privileged to testify, along with Senator Ayotte, Senator Mikulski, and Senator Gillibrand.  I applaud the Judiciary Committee for its work in shining a light on some of the darkest stories imaginable. No State is immune from the evils of human trafficking.  Just recently in Maine, a couple was arrested for allegedly trafficking a girl who was only 13 years old. They used the Internet to sell her for sex.  The Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act that Senator Leahy and I have cosponsored seeks to prevent young people from ever getting trapped in these situations in the first place, and I hope we can move on to that bill, which we have filed as an amendment.  But, regrettably, we find ourselves at an impasse--imagine that--an impasse on a bill that would help curb human trafficking. How can that be?  Senator Heitkamp and I have joined forces to try to move this bill forward. That is our goal, and the goal of the amendment we have filed.  What our amendment would do, and it is very straightforward, is it would subject the fund that Senator Cornyn has created, and which I strongly support, to the annual appropriations process and to all of the usual restrictions that the Appropriations Committee can and does add to appropriations bills.  There is precedent for taking a fund that is not financed by tax dollars and sending it through the appropriations process. It, frankly, happens all the time. We have seen it with the oil and gas revenues that go to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Those are not tax dollars.  We have seen it with a number of fees and restitution programs that are not tax dollars but go through the appropriations process, where the Appropriations Committee can work its will.  Under out amendment, all of the money collected from special assessments imposed on certain trafficking criminals and deposited into the fund would still be made available to anti-trafficking and victims' services grant programs, but only through the direction of the annual appropriations process. By placing the fund squarely within the jurisdiction of appropriators, each and every penny collected would be subject to the limitations in those appropriations bills. Our amendment would strike the reference that has been the sources of this controversy from this authorizing bill, but does not alter that restriction on federal funds that has existed for 39 years.  Our amendment makes clear that money in the fund, or transferred from the fund, is subject to the limitations provided in appropriations acts.  I believe our amendment, by allowing the Appropriations Committee to put whatever restrictions are appropriate on this fund--and I have no doubt the usual restrictions will be put on by the Appropriations Committee--could get this bill to move forward, and those such as Senator Cornyn, Senator Klobuchar, and others who have worked so hard to bring this bill to the Senate floor, will see there is a path forward.  We owe it to the victims of human trafficking. We owe it to the victims of human trafficking. We owe it to them. We cannot fail in this task. If we cannot approve a bill to deal with human trafficking, then what will we be able to deal with?  We have to get past the tendency to score partisan, political points that have affected too many bills on both sides of the aisle. In this case, it is simply too important.  I thank my dear friend and colleague from North Dakota, Senator Heitkamp, who has been an attorney general, who has dealt with the victims of this terrible crime, for coming forward and joining with me as we attempt to put forth--for our colleagues' sincere consideration--a path forward that will end this impasse.  