 First, we can pass legislation which will fully fund the Department of Homeland Security so it can perform its vital mission.  Second, we have the opportunity to stand up for our constitutional system of separation of powers.  I support and voted for comprehensive immigration reform. But the President's overreach usurps the role of Congress and undermines our constitutional system of checks and balances.  The failure of Congress to pass a law to the President's liking cannot become an excuse for the President to usurp the powers of the legislative branch.  The President knows he lacks the authority to write the law. He has said so 22 times, on 22 different occasions.  Allow me to describe my bill very briefly. Specifically, it does four things.  First, it bars the administration from using funds to implement the immigration orders issued by the President in November of last year.  Second, it has absolutely no effect on the much more constrained and limited Executive orders the President issued in 2012, the so-called DACA Program that protects the DREAMers, to whom I am very sympathetic.  Third, it directs the Department to give the highest enforcement priority to the deportation of foreign nationals in our country illegally who have been convicted of domestic violence, child abuse, exploitation, or a sex crime. Why would we want to keep in this country someone who is deportable who is a sex offender, who has been convicted of child molestation or domestic violence? It makes no sense.  Ironically, just this week the Senate Judiciary Committee held an excellent hearing on sex trafficking. We heard heartbreaking stories of very young girls who had been abused by men. If there are foreign nationals in this country who have been convicted of these crimes, they should be deported.  And, fourth, it includes a sense-of-the-Senate resolution that the executive branch should not act to give foreign nationals who are here illegally an edge in competing for jobs against American citizens or legal residents with green cards.  The Founders gave us a system of separation of powers and checks and balances not to tear us apart but to pull us together. They gave us no shortcuts on purpose.  The President's November 2014 Executive actions are ill-advised precisely because they attempt to shortcut the process by usurping Congress's authority to pass legislation.  My legislation would block that effort without in any way altering or diminishing the more constrained and important 2012 DACA Program.  I want to see the Department of Homeland Security fully funded. It has an absolutely vital mission at a time when our country faces numerous threats.  I urge my colleagues this morning both to vote for the clean DHS bill and for my legislation to stand up for the role of Congress in our constitutional system.  