President, the Senate has now passed the reauthorization of the Older Americans Act by voice vote.  As the chairman of the Senate Committee on Aging and as a Senator who represents a State with the highest median age, I am well aware of how important the programs authorized by this law are to our Nation's seniors. They include, for example, Meals on Wheels, which is a wonderful program that allows so many of our seniors to stay in their own homes and yet have their nutritional needs met. I also know how much the seniors in my State look forward to the visits from those who are delivering Meals on Wheels. It is a way that their health and well-being can be checked on. In some cases, it may be the only social interaction they have on a given day.  In my State, the five area agencies on aging are very active in delivering the services needed for the seniors in that particular community or region in my State, particularly in rural Maine, where there may be an absence of services, such as caregiving services. The area agency on aging plays an absolutely critical role. In some other areas of the State, under the Older Americans Act programs, transportation services are provided to our seniors, legal services, whatever is needed.  One of the provisions of this bill in which I have a particular interest is the strengthening of the role of the ombudsman for long-term care. That is important for the quality of care our seniors are receiving in nursing homes and other institutionalized settings. But the great thing about the Older Americans Act is that it helps many of our seniors avoid nursing homes and instead remain in the comfort, security, and privacy of their own homes--just where they want to be.  This bill also takes steps to help safeguard older Americans from abuse and financial exploitation. I know from the hearings we have held before the Aging Committee that this is a growing problem. In fact, in the year 2011, it is estimated that older Americans lost some $2.9 billion due to schemes that were foisted on them. That probably is a greatly understated number because, sadly, 90 percent of this exploitation comes from people the senior knows well--either a relative, a trusted adviser, or a caregiver. Oftentimes, seniors are very hesitant to report these crimes because they don't want to get a loved one in trouble or they are simply too embarrassed to go to the police.  We have held hearings on how technology has made the Do Not Call list virtually useless these days because unfortunately technology allows people from call centers in India, for example, to call into this country pretending to be a member of the Internal Revenue Service or the local police department. Well, when a senior sees on the caller ID that the Department of Treasury from Washington, DC, is calling, they are going to pick up the phone, and thus the exploitation begins.  We are making a real effort on the Aging Committee to educate seniors about these con artists and the techniques they use to try to rip off people of all ages but with a particular focus on our senior citizens. So I am pleased that the Older Americans Act is focused on financial exploitation and trying to stop that kind of abuse.  In short, the reauthorization of these important programs under the Older Americans Act is long overdue. While we have continued to fund them, the reauthorization expired years ago, and I am very pleased that the chairman and the ranking member of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, of which the Presiding Officer is such a valuable member, have worked together to produce the bipartisan bill we just passed. This shows what the Senate can do when we work together to meet the needs of our citizens.  It is an honor to be on the floor to manage this bill. I hope, since it was 50 years ago this month when the OlderAmericans Act first passed, that we can move rapidly to see it approved by the House of Representatives as well and signed into law by the President.  Thank you, Mr. President.  I yield the floor.  