President, Maine and Maryland have in common not only delicious seafood but also fine craft beers.  I am delighted to join my friend and colleague Senator Cardin in support of the legislation that we have introduced, S. 375, the Small Brewer Reinvestment and Expanding Workforce Act, or Small BREW Act.  The title is more than just a clever acronym. It is a statement of what our bipartisan bill really is all about. This is a jobs bill, and those covered by the bill are small businesses, entrepreneurs who are taking risks and creating jobs in communities around the country.  We often talk in this Chamber about what we can do to help create the environment that encourages job creation. Our bill is one such practical means where we can spur the creation of new jobs as well as great products.  In Maine, we are proud to boast that our State is now home to more than 60 breweries that produce more than 200 different brands. Maine beer is shipped around the country and has developed a real following among connoisseurs who have come to appreciate its quality and craftsmanship. This, in turn, has led to new tourism opportunities as visitors are drawn to our State to sample our delicious Maine craft beers. As the craft beer industry grows, so too does demand for American-grown barley and hops and American-made brewing, bottling, canning, and other equipment. Beyond creating delicious beer, these breweries are creating jobs. That is the whole rationale behind the bill we have introduced.  In Maine alone, our craft breweries employ more than 1,400 people. That is an extraordinary number of jobs. As the Senator from Maryland has pointed out, these are jobs that are going to stay right here in America. They are not going to be outsourced. These are small businesses in our communities that are hiring people and making a difference.  Nationally small and independent brewers employ more than 110,000 full- and part-time employees, generating more than $3 billion in wages and benefits, and pay more than $2.3 billion in business, personal, and consumption taxes, according to the Brewers Association.  What could we do to encourage even more employment in this area? The answer is to reduce the Federal excise tax on small craft brewers, and that is exactly what our bill would do. It would free up capital so these small business owners can reinvest in their companies and create more jobs.  Under the current law, as Senator Cardin has pointed out, these small businesses pay $7 per barrel in Federal excise tax on the first 60,000 barrels they brew and $18 per barrel on every barrel thereafter. The Small BREW Act would reduce these rates to $3.50 on the first 60,000 barrels and $16 for production between 60,000 and 2 million barrels. Thereafter, the rate would remain at $18 per barrel.  We know from the economic analysis that has been done that such a change would have a significant positive economic impact. A June 2013 study prepared by a professor, then at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government, estimated that our bill would increase economic activity by $1 billion over 5 years, create more than 5,000 new jobs in the first year to 18 months after passage, and create approximately 400 new jobs annually thereafter.  Again, I want to repeat, this is a jobs bill, and I am proud to sponsor it with my friend Senator Cardin. I am also delighted that we have the support of such a large number of colleagues on both sides of the aisle, including my colleague from Maine, Senator King.  I urge all of our colleagues to take a look at this bill. If you want to do something that is concrete and we know will create more jobs for a growing industry that is carving out a niche in so many States across this Nation, then work with us to achieve passage of the Small BREW Act.  I thank the Presiding Officer.  