President, 3 weeks ago I came to the Senate floor to speak on an amendment which I had hoped would provide a framework that would accomplish three goals:  First, to provide funding for the Department of Homeland Security so that it could perform its vital mission of protecting the people of our country;  Second, to put the Senate on record as opposing the President's extraordinarily broad immigration actionsissued by Executive order in November of 2014;  And, third, to ensure that individuals who were brought to this country as children and qualify for treatment under the June 2012 Executive order on Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals--the so-called DREAMers that Senator Durbin has just spoken of--could continue to benefit under that program.  I am very pleased that it looks like we are moving forward on a bill to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security. We had a very strong vote on that yesterday. Indeed, I have not heard a single Senator on either side of the aisle say that we should shut down the Department of Homeland Security. Each of us recognizes its vital mission.  As someone who served as the chairman or ranking member of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee for a decade, I certainly understand how vital the mission of this Department is.  I am keenly aware, as a member of the Intelligence Committee, of the threats against our country and the risks that we face from those who would do us harm.  At the same time, as members of the legislative branch, we have an obligation to speak out and to register our opposition when we believe that the President has exceeded his grant of Executive authority under the Constitution in a way that would undermine the separation of powers doctrine. I wish to read what a constitutional scholar has said about the President's Executive order and how far the President could or could not go. This is what this constitutional scholar says:       Congress has said ``here is the law'' when it comes to      those who are undocumented. . . . What we can do is to carve      out the DREAM Act, saying young people who have basically      grown up here are Americans that we should welcome. . . . But      if we start broadening that, then essentially I would be      ignoring the law in a way that I think would be very      difficult to defend legally. So that's not an option.  Who was that constitutional scholar? It was the President of the United States, Barack Obama. He said this in September of 2013. President Obama got it right back then. I believe that he was within the scope of his Executive authority when he issued the 2012 Executive orders that created DACA, which allowed for the DREAMers to stay here.  Let me also make clear that I am a supporter of comprehensive immigration reform. While I was disappointed that immigration reform legislation of some sort did not become law when we passed it a few years ago, I reject the notion that its failure can serve as justification for the actions taken by the President last November. He simply cannot do by Executive fiat what Congress has refused to pass regardless of the wisdom of Congress's decision. Such unilateral action is contrary to how our constitutional system is supposed to work, and it risks undermining the separation of powers doctrine, which is central to our constitutional framework.  That is really what this debate is about. It is about the proper constitutional constraints on unilateral Executive action. It happens to be an Executive action that deals with immigration, but it could be an Executive action on any other issue. That is why it is important that we draw those lines.  Indeed, the legislation I proposed, which we will be voting on at some point, is fully consistent with the court ruling in Texas, which my colleague, the senior Senator from Texas, is very familiar with and knows much more about than I do. But it is fully consistent with that ruling which lets stand the 2012 Executive order but stayed the implementation of the 2014 Executive order. There is a difference.  Now, I consider the Senator from Illinois to be an excellent Senator and a dear friend, and it truly pains me to disagree with his analysis of my amendment. I know that he acts in good faith. But there are either misunderstandings or misinterpretations or just plain disagreements. So I would like to go through some of the points that he has made about my amendment.  One of the chief objections of the Senator from Illinois to my bill is that it strikes provisions of the November 2014 immigration action that would expand--that is the key word; it would expand--the 2012 DACA Program to add certain individuals who are not eligible under that program.  He talks about expanding the age limit, for example.  Now, let's take a look at exactly what the criteria are for DREAMers under the 2012 Executive order. These are criteria that were praised by my friend from Illinois and numerous other Senators on the Democratic side of the aisle when the President issued his Executive order. I, too, agree with these criteria.  In order to qualify, an individual has to have come to the United States under the age of 16, has to have continually resided in the United States for at least 5 years preceding the date of this memorandum, and has to be present on the date of the June 15, 2012, memorandum.  The individual has to be currently either in school, have graduated from high school, have obtained a general education development certificate or has to be an honorably discharged member of the Coast Guard or our military. In addition, the individual has to have a pretty good record. The person cannot have been convicted of a felony offense, a significant misdemeanor offense, multiple misdemeanor offenses or otherwise pose a threat to national security or public safety. And they cannot be above the age of 30.  These are reasonable criteria that the President came up with.  Frankly, I am not enthralled with the one that allows for multiple misdemeanors, and the Executive order also states that the individual cannot have multiple misdemeanors. The form that is used by DHS says the individual can have up to three misdemeanors. I personally would require an absolutely clean record. But these are reasonable criteria, and these are not changed by the Collins bill in any way. The 2012 Executive order stands.  So the argument of my friend from Illinois is focused on the fact that he wants an expansion of these criteria and to add other categories of individuals, and that is what the November 2014 immigration action does. It has nothing to do with the status of the individuals who were allowed to stay in this country as a result of the 2012 Executive order. My amendment protects the 2012 Executive order and those who benefited from it.  So we have a sincere disagreement over what is appropriate to be done by Executive action and what needs to be done by legislation. Even though I support many of the policies that are in the 2014 Executive order, I just don't think the President can unilaterally proclaim those changes.  