President, I rise today to introduce the Federal Information Security Management Act of 2015. I am very pleased that Senator Warner, Senator Mikulski, Senator Coats, Senator Ayotte, and Senator McCaskill are joining me in this bipartisan effort to strengthen cyber security in Federal agencies. I very much appreciate their input into this bill and their support.  The cyber attack that stole sensitive personal data from millions of current, former, and retired Federal employees from the poorly secured databases at the Office of Personnel Managementunderscores the extraordinary vulnerability of our Federal computer networks, but for the more than 21 million Americans affected and indeed for our country, the threat from this theft continues. Whether it is the risk to the individual of identity theft or the impact on our Nation of the compromise of the identity of those dealing with classified information or the potential for espionage or blackmail, the threat remains extremely serious.  Worst of all, better security of computer networks at OPM might well have prevented this terrible breach. The negligence of OPM officials who ignored repeated warnings over years from the inspector general that its networks were vulnerable is inexcusable. As the FBI Director testified before the Intelligence Committee during an open session earlier this month, this breach is a huge deal and represents a treasure trove of information for potential adversaries.  But this cyber attack also points to a broader problem, and that is the glaring gap in the process for protecting sensitive information in Federal civilian agencies. Thus, we join together today to introduce this bipartisan bill.  Our bill would strengthen the security of the networks of Federal civilian agencies by taking five important steps:  First, our bill would allow the Secretary of Homeland Security to operate intrusion detection and prevention capabilities on all Federal agencies on the dot-gov domain without waiting for a request from every single agency.  Today, if an agency is uncooperative with DHS or simply does not want to make cyber security a priority, there is little that can be done to strengthen that agency's vulnerable network. I have visited the center at DHS that monitors some of the civilian networks. You could see the attempted intrusions in real time. Yet, I was told by some of the officials there that when they call the chief information official of that agency, sometimes the answer is very lackadaisical, almost indifferent. That cannot be allowed to continue.  Second, our bill directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct risk assessments of any network within the dot-gov domain. This provision would ensure that no Federal agency can be unaware if it is operating an insufficiently secured network and thus jeopardizing sensitive data.  Third, our bill would allow the Secretary of Homeland Security to operate defensive countermeasures on these networks once a cyber threat has been detected. Currently, DHS can deploy technical assistance to agencies to diagnose and mitigate cyber threats only at that agency's discretion, and sometimes there are legal impediments for doing so.  Fourth, our bill would strengthen and streamline the authorities that Congress gave to DHS last year to issue binding operational directives to Federal agencies, especially to respond to substantial cyber security threats or in an emergency where an intrusion is underway.  Finally, while DHS oversees the protection of Federal civilian networks, the Office of Management and Budget has the ultimate responsibility to enforce governmentwide cyber security standards for civilian agencies. Our bill would require OMB to report to Congress annually on the extent to which OMB has exercised its existing authority to enforce governmentwide cyber security standards.  Congress has already given the OMB the authority, for example, to recommend increases or decreases in an agency's funding or to exercise administrative control over information resources if such actions could increase the degree of compliance with cyber security standards. But I regret to say that the evidence that OMB has actually exercised this authority is pretty slim.  The primary problem our bill would solve is that DHS has the mandate to protect the civilian Federal networks, but it has only limited authority to do so. Now, as the Presiding Officer is well aware, this approach stands in stark contrast to how the National Security Agency defends the dot-mil domain.  By the way, our legislation does not affect the dot-mil domain--which covers the Department of Defense and our intelligence agencies--in any way. The Director of the NSA has the responsibility to protect the dot-mil domain, but he also has the authority from the Secretary of Defense to monitor all DOD networks and to deploy countermeasures when necessary. If the Director deems that an agency's network is insecure, he can shut it down. Contrast that to the inspector general at OPM, who last fall issued a report saying that OPM ought to shut down parts of its network because it was so insecure, and nothing happened. OPM didn't take any action and DHS lacked the authority to do so. That stands in sharp contrast to how we protect our defense and intelligence agencies' networks. As a result, our military and intelligence networks are better protected from foreign adversaries than our civilian agencies' networks.  Although the Secretary of Homeland Security is tasked with a similar responsibility to protect Federal civilian networks, he has far less authority to accomplish that task. Yet--think about it--Federal civilian agencies such as OPM, the IRS, the Social Security Administration, Medicare, and the Patent Office are the repositories of vast quantities of sensitive, personal, and economic data belonging to the American people. We have to do a better job of protecting that data as well.  When the Intelligence Committee on which I served asked the current Director of NSA how we might improve the protection of the dot-gov domain, he emphasized the importance of providing the authority commensurate with the responsibility for protecting civilian agency networks.  The Secretary of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson, similarly said that obtaining clear, congressional authorization for DHS to deploy protective capabilities to secure civilian agencies' networks is one of his priorities.  I heard the same message from his predecessor, Secretary Janet Napolitano, when I was the ranking member of the homeland security committee in 2012.  By the way, that year former Senator Joe Lieberman and I urged our colleagues to pass the Cybersecurity Act of 2012, which we drafted and which included, among other provisions, major reforms to improve the protection of Federal networks. We will never know if the OPM breach that compromised the security clearance background information of more than 21 million people could have been prevented if the Senate had passed our bill at that time. Of course, no bill, no law can protect against every cyber breach, but I believe we would have been far better positioned had we acted then.  What we do know is that once a malware signature is identified, it was DHS's intrusion detection system--known as EINSTEIN--and other DHS-recommended tools that played key roles in identifying the massive compromise of the OPM data. Without these tools, OPM might still be blissfully unaware that it had been subjected to a major hack.  The government's response to the breach demonstrates the urgent need for our legislation. The five agency networks that were monitored by EINSTEIN 3 were protected and capable of blocking the malware the moment the dangerous signatures used in the OPM breach were loaded into their systems. For every other civilian agency, however, that was not the case. DHS had to call the chief information officer responsible for every one of those networks that were not covered yet by the EINSTEIN 3 system. Then the bad indicators had to be passed on to each CIO, and each CIO had to search their agency networks for the harmful malware. Cyber threats move at the speed of light. No organization that takes cyber security seriously would rely upon a game of telephone tag to guard the security of its information.  I also note that at the time the OPM breach actually occurred, the latest version of EINSTEIN had been deployed on less than 25 percent of the dot-gov network. So even if the government had detected the malware immediately, the government's ability to protect all of the networks would have taken that much longer because DHS's best intrusion system was not deployed widely enough. And, inexplicably, to this day, it is still not installed at OPM despite the information it stores as the chief employment office for millions of Federal employees and retirees.  If we fail to give these much needed authorities to DHS, the unacceptablestatus quo will prevail. Under the status quo, each agency--however competently or incompetently--monitors its own networks and only asks DHS for assistance if it sees fit to do so. Let me describe just how poorly that approach has worked so far.  We know that information security incidents in the Federal Government have increased more than twelvefold--from 5,500 in fiscal year 2006 to more than 67,000 in fiscal year 2014 according to the Government Accountability Office. That undoubtedly understates the real number since these are just the incidents of which we are aware. Nineteen of twenty-four major agencies have declared cyber security as a significant deficiency or material weakness for financial reporting purposes. At the same time, Federal agencies have failed to implement hundreds of recommendations from the GAO and inspectors general that could enhance the security of their networks.  I could go on and on, citing the breach at IRS, at the Postal Service, at FAA, at NOAA, not to mention the OPM breach. It is unacceptable that we are putting important data belonging to the American people as well as our economic edge at risk. We simply have to take action now.  It is incredible that OPM implausibly asserted earlier this month that ``there is no information at this time to suggest any misuse or further dissemination of the information that was stolen from OPM's systems.'' That incredible statement, which implied that the perpetrators of this lengthy and extensive attack have no intention of ever using the stolen data, suggests that OPM still has yet to recognize the gravity of this cyber attack.  But Congress also has the responsibility to make the job for those securing our Federal civilian networks easier to do in light of the extraordinary threat that foreign adversaries, international criminal gangs, and other hackers pose to government systems and the privacy and safety of our citizens. This bill is the first of many steps to strengthen our Nation's cyber security, and I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan measure.  