President, I am pleased to join Senator King in recognizing the Job Corps program on its 50th anniversary. Job Corps helps at-risk young people ages 16 through 24 improve the quality of their lives through vocational and academic training. On August 30, 1964, President Lyndon B. Johnson signed legislation creating Job Corps. Today, one-half century later, generations of graduates in Maine and across America demonstrate why Job Corps has been one of our Nation's best investments.  Since its founding, more than 2.7 million young people have entered the Job Corps program with the determination to succeed and have graduated with the confidence and the skills to do so. The success rate is extraordinary. Nearly 86 percent of Job Corps graduates find employment in their fields, go on to higher education or serve our country in uniform. Job Corps students do not just learn a trade--they cultivate high aspirations and a commitment to service.  As I travel throughout Maine, I have extensive conversations with small business owners and workers about the challenges they face. While there is no doubt that our Nation's unemployment rate remains unacceptably high, I have met with employers in Maine who have jobs available but who cannot find qualified and trained workers to fill these vacant positions.  With two centers in Maine, Job Corps not only helps young people in our State gain the skills that lead to rewarding careers, but it also improves their lives, assists employers, and strengthens communities. The Penobscot Job Corps Academy in Bangor, ME, and the Loring Job Corps Center in Limestone, ME, have the capability to serve nearly 800 at-risk youth on a daily basis. Over the past several decades, these two centers have compiled an impressive record of success in preparing disadvantaged youth for the workplace or higher education.  The combination of skills, self-confidence, and determination Job Corps offers can help young people overcome the setbacks, obstacles, and failures that often are part of life. The focus on community service at both centers helps to create the involved citizens that are so important to Maine's future. These centers put these young men and women on a path to being successful and vital contributing members of our country.  Job Corps was founded on the noble idea that, if given the opportunity, the support, and the training, America's young people could overcome any obstacles and achieve. For 50 years, Job Corps graduates have turned that idea into reality. I congratulate Job Corps again on this accomplishment.  