President, I am happy to respond to the point made by the Senator from Illinois.  The point is that the President's 2014 Executive order goes far beyond those who would ``age out,'' in his words; it adds entirely new categories of people. In fact, the estimates are that some 5 million undocumented individuals would be covered by the 2014 Executive order. Should the President unilaterally be allowed to make that kind of Executive order, that kind of change in our immigration law? The court has said no, and I believe the court is right about that. In fact, when these criteria were issued in 2012, the Senator from Illinois said in a press release as recently as June of last year, before the November Executive order, that this was a smart and lawful approach.  So the answer is, how do you draw the line, and what is the appropriate role of the executive branch vis-a-vis the legislative branch? And I say that as someone who believes and hopes that later this year we will take up a comprehensive immigration bill, and I hope to be able to support it again. But this is an issue of what is the proper role of Congress vis-a-vis the President under our constitutional system. And I was not surprised when the Texas court kept the 2012 Executive order but blocked the 2014 Executive order.  There is another issue the Senator from Illinois has raised that I think is a very important point to make. He has said that my bill could bar some of those who received the ability to stay in this country through the 2012 Executive order from renewing their status.  That is simply not how I read the Executive order, and I think it is very clear. Let's look at the 2012 Executive order. This is what it says. This is what Janet Napolitano talked about in ``exercising prosecutorial discretion.'' The June 15, 2012, DACA Executive order grants deferred action ``for a period of two years''--here are the key words--``subject to renewal.'' So there is nothing in my amendment that prevents children and young adults--people up to age 30--from getting a renewal of the deferred status that they have been granted through this Executive order. It says it right there: ``subject to renewal.''  But let's look further at the data. This is on DHS's Web site. According to the data from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, the government has renewed more than 148,000 2012 applications as of the first quarter of this fiscal year, and many of them were completed before the November 2014 Executive orders were even issued.  So there is nothing in my bill that prevents the renewal of those individuals who received this status. It is very clear--148,000 of them have had their applications renewed.  The Senator from Illinois has said that I would prevent DHS from issuing a memorandum that allows for the renewal. There is no need for such a memorandum; otherwise, 148,000 of these young people would not have been able to get a renewal--and before the 2014 Executive order was even issued.  The Senator has also said that my bill calls into question the very legality of the 2012 DACA order because it is a ``very similar program to the 2014 Executive action.''  To restate my basic point, my bill does not affect the 2012 DACA Program. It is substantially different from the 2014 Executive order. In fact, if you read the language of the 2014 Executive order, it embraces that distinction. It specifically states that it does not rescind or supersede the 2012 DACA order.  Let me say that again. The 2014 Executive order specifically states that it does not rescind or supersede the Executive order that was issued in 2012. Instead, it says it seeks to supplement or amend it.  