President, in light of the eloquent remarks from the assistant Democratic leader who is my friend, I hope he will listen carefully to the proposal I am about to outline.  In just over 3 weeks the law that funds the Department of Homeland Security will expire, jeopardizing the Department's ability to carry out its critical mission. Legislation to provide funding to the Department throughout the remainder of this fiscal year has passed the House and is awaiting action in the Senate, but progress has stalled. The Democrats have blocked it from even being considered because it is not a clean bill.  On my side of the aisle House Republicans have insisted that provisions remain in the bill directing the administration to spend no funds implementing a series of Presidential orders issued over the past few years.  The Senate has held two votes this week to try to begin debate on this bill, both of which have failed on near-party lines. Thus, we have reached an impasse.  In an attempt to find a path forward, yesterday I filed an amendment in the nature of a substitute that would accomplish three goals. First, it would ensure that the Department of Homeland Security is fully funded to perform its vital mission to protect ourpeople. Second, it would allow the Senate to go on record in strong opposition to the President's extraordinarily broad immigration Executive order issued last November. Third, it would protect the DREAMers whom Senator Durbin just talked about.  I wish to go back to the November Executive order. This particular Executive order represents a misuse of the President's authority that threatens to undermine the separation of powers doctrine in our Constitution. As the President himself has said more than 20 times, he does not have the authority to expand the law in this manner. He made the exact point in remarks of July 2011 when he said:       I swore an oath to uphold the laws on the books. . . . Now,      I know some people want me to bypass Congress and change the      laws on my own. . . . But that's not how our system works.      That's not how our democracy functions. That's not how our      Constitution is written.  The President was exactly right when he stated that reality. The substitute I proposed would block the sweeping 2014 Executive order, but it does not overturn the more limited Executive orders from past years.  Specifically, my amendment would not undo the 2012 deferred action program that allowed DREAMers, young people brought to the United States by their parents years ago, to receive legal status as long as they meet certain requirements.  The House bill includes a controversial amendment, which I do not support, that would invalidate this 2012 program retroactively.  My substitute accomplishes my third goal of protecting these children who have grown up here, who speak English, have clean criminal records, and often know no other country. They did not make the choice to come to America. That decision was made by their parent or parents.  My substitute amendment, therefore, is straightforward. First, the amendment mirrors the underlying bill with respect to the funding levels provided to the Department of Homeland Security so it can carry out its functions. Ironically, there is no dispute over those funding levels. Second, it strikes the House provision restricting the expenditure of funds to implement the DREAMers Program that I described and that Senator Durbin just commented on.  And third, it retains the House prohibition on expenditures to fund the President's unauthorized action on immigration announced in November of last year.  Now, let me make clear that Congress should consider comprehensive immigration reform. The fact that there are now an estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States is irrefutable evidence that our immigration and border security systems are badly broken. That is why I supported the bipartisan immigration reform bill that passed the Senate in 2013.  While I was disappointed that immigration reform legislation of some sort did not become law, I reject the notion that its failure can serve as the justification for the action taken by the President last November. He cannot do by Executive fiat what Congress refused to pass, regardless of the wisdom of Congress's decision. Such unilateral action is contrary to how our constitutional system is supposed to work, and it risks undermining the separation of powers doctrine, which is central to our constitutional framework.  Our Constitution vests the power to make law in the legislative branch--with Congress--not with the President. To the President it assigns the obligation to take care that the laws are faithfully executed. That was the rule used by the Supreme Court in 1952 in the famous Youngstown Sheet & Tubing case that overturned President Truman's Executive Order nationalizing the steel industry to prevent a strike during the Korean War.  As the Court explained, the President's power to faithfully execute the laws does not make him a lawmaker. The Court said:       (T)he Constitution limits his functions in the lawmaking      process to the recommending of laws that he thinks wise and      the vetoing of laws he thinks bad.  In other words, the President is not free to pick and choose among laws, enforcing the ones that he likes and ignoring the ones that he doesn't.  The President is fully aware of this fact. He has often made the point that he could go no further than to protect the DREAMers. Here is what he said:       Congress has said ``here is the law'' when it comes to      those who are undocumented. . . . What we can do is to carve      out the DREAM Act, saying young people who have basically      grown up here are Americans that we should welcome. . . . But      if we start broadening that, then essentially I would be      ignoring the law in a way that I think would be very      difficult to defend legally. So that's not an option.  Those are the President's own words. The action taken by the President in November is a direct contradiction to his own statements. By acting unilaterally, ironically, the President is making it less likely that Congress will act to pass comprehensive reforms. He is undermining the efforts of those of us who favor immigration reform by diverting energy and attention from that goal.  I urge my colleagues to give consideration to the proposed compromise that I filed as a substitute yesterday. It will ensure that the men and women on the front lines of the Department of Homeland Security can do their vitally important jobs, it will overturn the President's misuse of his Executive authority last November, and it will protect the legal status of children brought to this country by their parents years ago.  Mr. President, I believe I have put forth a reasonable, constructive compromise that could get us out of this impasse that is such a disservice to so many. I hope my colleagues will join together and support the substitute I have proposed.  