Chairman, I yield myself as much time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, first, I would like to let my colleagues know what a privilege it is to work with Mr. Hobson on the critical issues included in the Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill. Mr. Hobson is a superb chairman, and I deeply appreciate his vision and even-handed approach to the work of our subcommittee. I also deeply appreciate the splendid work done by each member of the subcommittee. We have an exceptional membership.  I also would want to acknowledge the fine staff that supports both the majority and the minority: Kevin Cook, Taunja Berquam, Scott Burnison, Terry Tyborowski, Tracey LaTurner, Dixon Butler, Kenny Kraft, Tony Digiovanni, Debbie Willis and Peder Maarbjerg of my staff. These are all exceptional individuals, and I would point out to the general membership that we will lose Peder Maarbjerg who is my associate staff. He has done not only fine work for myself but for the last several years made an exceptional contribution to the committee and to this country with his very good work.  The bill itself does a good job of allocating scarce resources for sustaining the water infrastructure of our country, maintenance of our strategic deterrent, protecting our Nation from nuclear terrorism, continuing U.S. research leadership, particularly in the physical sciences, and developing energy technology to help us reverse a growing dependence on imported oil.  I will be joining my chairman in support of the bill.  Last year should have served as a major eye-opener as regards the protection of our communities and fellow citizens from the ravages of flooding. Hurricane Katrina may come to rank with the 1927 Mississippi flood as a seminal event in the corps' long history. The corps' responsibilities are multiple, and we should remember that.  The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is a tool in our hands, and we must make good use of it and keep it sharp. Last year, the Energy and Water Appropriations Act began a major program of reforming the financial practices of the corps. This year, we try to continue that process; and I hope that no one will hamper that effort by striking section 102 of the bill.  As usual, there are unintended consequences of such a major reform; and this has been a particular concern of those Members whose projects could not use appropriated funds in past years but are now ready to go and look for restoration of these funds. The bill makes a start at solving this problem by allocating $55 million specifically to fund repayment of donor projects.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  