Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman yielding and her kind remarks and also at the outset would congratulate the gentleman from Washington for his leadership and dogged determination to follow through on very complicated issues relative to Hanford, not only on behalf of the constituents he represents in his district or the State of Washington, but to make sure that we in a timely fashion have a solution to a national problem, and I do respect the gentleman's leadership.  Mr. Speaker, the Energy and Water bill that will be before us tomorrow is an excellent bill, and Mr. Hobson and the members of the subcommittee have done an exceptional job on it. I will be strongly supporting the bill. However, I rise now because it simply does not do enough, given the restricted allocation that the subcommittee had to deal with.  That is why I am asking my colleagues to defeat the previous question on the rule so that I may offer an amendment to the Energy and Water Development Appropriation bill. Last week, in the full Appropriations Committee, Mr. Obey proposed an alternative set of 302(b) allocations that include $1 billion more for the Energy and Water bill. My amendment would propose that the same increase to this bill be given and show how the Democratic Members of the House would allocate the additional spending.  Over 25 years ago, during the Carter administration, the country faced a major energy crisis. The Congress responded aggressively. Today, I believe our response is a faint shadow of what had been done previously. Today, our spending levels for research and development and demonstration for fossil fuels, renewable energy sources and conservation are about one-quarter of what they were then. The amendment would provide an additional $750 million across these areas.  Some examples of this increased investment in energy innovation are:  A doubling of funding for biofuels and biorefineries so that researchers can pursue the full range of biomass technologies and develop new ones;  Provide the Clean Coal Program with enough funding so that they can issue the next major solicitation of innovative proposals for making better use of this abundant domestic energy source;  To restore funding for petroleum, natural gas and geothermal technology programs for which the administration and the bill provide virtually no funds;  Increase support for developing the full range of conservation technologies;  Weatherization for an additional 30,000 homes in the year 2007, next year, providing immediate energy savings;  The establishment of a DARPA-like program in DOE for advanced energy research projects to stimulate innovation that can change the paradigms for how we obtain and use energy, much as DARPA investments in networking help create the Internet.  Relative to our water infrastructure, Hurricane Katrina was a wake-up call, and while we are providing much funding for this stricken area, flood protection is needed in many other areas of our country. The amendment would also provide $250 million more to accelerate needed improvements to flood control measures around the country. It would also increase operation and maintenance funding for two regions and partially restore the cuts to the R and D program for the Army Corps of Engineers.  Our country needs this $1 billion increase to this year's investments to ensure our future safety and prosperity. Given that there will be additional needs in the future, I would not borrow the money for these investments from our children and grandchildren. So they must be paid for now, and to do that, the amendment would provide that those making in excess of $1 million in 2007 give up 2.42 percent of the tax cuts provided to them since 2000. I think the country will miss these investments in our common good more than the most prosperous among us will miss two-tenths of their ample income.  Mr. Speaker, I had hoped that my proposal would have been made in order under the rule. I ask my colleagues to defeat the previous question so that this amendment can be debated and voted upon by the full House.  