830, the Food and Drug Administration Modernization and Accountability Act of 1997. This is an important bill with serious implications for the health of the American people.  The FDA is responsible for assuring that the Nation's food supply is pure and healthy as well as providing a guarantee that drugs and medical devices are safe and effective. The FDA has an immense impact on the lives of all Americans. Few government agencies provide this kind of important protection for the American people. Indeed, the FDA's mandate requires it to regulate over one-third of our Nation's products. Daily, the FDA faces the delicate balance between ensuring that patients have swift access to new drugs and devices, while guaranteeing that those new products are safe and effective.  S. 830 contains many positive elements. It reauthorizes the important Prescription Drug User Fee Act, one of the most effective regulatory reforms ever enacted. S. 830 also includes a number of provisions that will improve and sensibly streamline the regulation of prescription drugs, biologic products, and medical devices. I believe that these important reforms to the operation of the Food and Drug Administration will increase its efficiency and speed the delivery of important new medical treatments to patients.  One of the most important elements of this legislation is the reauthorization of the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, often referred to as PDUFA. PDUFA established an important partnership between the agency and the industry, and has successfully streamlined the drug approval process.  I am pleased that S. 830 will provide expedited access to investigational therapies. This provision builds on current FDA programs related to AIDS and cancer drugs. Another important element will allow designation of some drugs as fast track drugs, thus facilitating development and expediting approval of new drugs for the treatment of serious or life-threatening conditions. The bill will also require the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services to establish a database on the status of clinical trials relating to the treatment, detection, and prevention of serious or life-threatening diseases and conditions. Patients have long deserved access to such information, and I am pleased that this bill provides it.  S. 830 is the result of ongoing negotiations both prior to and subsequent to the markup of the legislation. Through this process, a number of provisions that seriously threatened public health and safety were dropped or otherwise resolved. I am particularly pleased that improvements made since the markup include important protections to the third party review process. Important changes have also been made to provisions regarding health claims for food products, health care economic claims and a number of other provisions in the original legislation.  Yet, there was one important change that was not made to S. 830. Yesterday, along with Senators Kennedy, Bingaman, and Durbin, I offered an amendment that would make a change on device labeling claims--an issue that has been identified by the Secretary of HHS as worthy of a recommendation to the President to veto this bill. Although our amendment did not prevail, I am still hopeful that this issue can be resolved as the bill continues through the legislative process.  In effect, the bill limits the FDA's current authority to ask device manufacturers for safety data. It prohibits the FDA from considering how a new device could be used if the manufacturer has not included that use in the proposed labeling application. As a general matter, the FDA does not consider uses that the manufacturer has not included in its proposed labeling materials. However, there are instances when the label does not tell the whole story. It is these instances--when the label is false or misleading--that our amendment addressed.  I am disappointed that we were not able to resolve this one issue, because the rest of the bill is worthy of support. However, I am unable to support this bill today because the device labeling issue remains unresolved. This matter is too important to the health and safety of Americans to vote for S. 830 at this time.  I look forward to working with my colleagues to resolve the issue of the FDA's authority in the device approval process. And when this issue is resolved, I am prepared to vote in favor of this bill.  