We have an opportunity to provide balance in this agreement. No one is objecting to the need for better support for investment overseas. No one is objecting to the adoption of commercial laws and agricultural policies that are better, and, in fact, according to this legislation, mirror U.S. policy.  But what we are saying is, if you simply create an environment for investment that leads to the opportunity for poor environmental quality--and I also add the environment--in which workers are hardly paid anything for hours of work--15 cents an hour is hardly something that is going to compete with American workers and never should be something that we would see as a goal. We should raise those. But if we do not do that, you have a one-sided agreement. You have an agreement which is a green light for capital to leave the United States and, as a result, move jobs and production to those other countries. This is detrimental to our small businesses, particularly some of our older industries.  I don't believe it is inevitable that our old industries, like the jewelry industry, the footwear industry, just inherently can't compete. They can'tcompete if we allow countries of the world to pay 15 cents an hour, with no real environmental enforcement, turning the other way when there are regulatory problems, et cetera. But if we sought today to insist in our trade agreements that environmental quality is raised, that respect for workers and adequate wages are the order of the day, then I think you would be surprised at the ability of our industry to compete.  That is what I believe we are trying to do here today, is put some balance in this legislation, recognize that unless we can enter into negotiations on all the critical issues that affect goods coming to the United States, we will never solve all of the issues that the Senator talked about.  Frankly, you can look at so many industries. The footwear industry is a classic example. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, growing up near Brockton, MA, that was the home of footwear manufacture for the whole world. There is nothing left there. It is not because the workers weren't good workers. It wasn't because the managers didn't understand managerial techniques.  We allowed countries to ship into our country goods that were produced at 10 cents an hour in conditions which we would not tolerate here in the United States of America. And unless we recognize that we will never get a handle on this issue of the trade deficit, the trade balances that the Senator talked about with Senator Dorgan.  