 Today we are offering an amendment to increase the maximum Pell grant to $3,500. The Pell grant holds a very special meaning for me. In the last 6 years as a Member of the other body I have worked to open up further access to higher education. The foundation of that access to higher education is the Pell grant.  As you know it is probably the enduring legacy of my predecessor, Senator Claiborne Pell of Rhode Island. One of his most significant accomplishments was the creation of the basic educational opportunity grant program in 1972 during the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. Later, this basic opportunity grant was named in his honor and has become the famous Pell grant. Its purpose then and now is to assist low-income Americans to gain access to postsecondary education, access which is critical not only to their future but to the future of this Nation.  Going back to the very beginning of the Pell grants, the avowed purpose was to ``in combination with reasonable family and student contributions and other Federal grant aid meet at least 75 percent of the student's costs of attendance.'' Sadly, we have not met that 75 percent, and we need, in fact, to raise the Pell grant so that we can begin to recoup some of the original purpose and allow students to meet the significant cost increases in higher education.  This program was premised on Senator Pell's belief, which is my belief, and indeed I believe the belief of so many people in this Chamber, that everyone who is qualified should have the opportunity to pursue higher education. The Pell grant has been the cornerstone of this effort for many, many years. Since its creation, over 60 million Pell grants have been awarded, providing over $75 billion in aid to students across the Nation.  In the first year of the program, 1973-74 over 176,000 students received the Pell grants. By 1980-81, this total had grown to 2.7 million recipients. Today, over 3.6 million American students receive Pell grants. In my home State of Rhode Island, that includes 16,000 recipients.  This investment clearly assists our neediest students. In 1995-96, 54 percent of Pell grant recipients had income levels of less than $10,000. Only 9 percent of recipients had incomes over $30,000.  In 1992, during the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act, I worked closely with Senator Pell to increase the authorization level of the maximum Pell grant from $3,100 to $3,700 for the 1993-94 award cycle with increases thereafter of $200 a year with the hopes that by 1997-98 that we would have a maximum Pell grant on the order of $4,500 a year. But, as we are all aware, we have not come even close to that figure. Indeed, this year the appropriated maximum Pell grant was only $2,700--too little to meet the needs of so many students across this country.  This lack of resources has had a dramatic impact on students struggling to go to college. Indeed, as college costs have increased over the past two decades at an annual rate of between 5 percent and 6 percent, consistently outpacing inflation, there has been a decline in the purchasing power of the Pell grant.  According to the College Board, for 4-year private institutions the average tuition has gone up by over $14,000 between 1980 and 1996. In that same period the maximum Pell grant has only increased by about $950, and the average Pell grant only by about $733. As a result, back in 1980 the maximum Pell grant covered 33 percent of the tuition costs of a 4-year private institution. Now it only covers 14 percent. The average Pell grant covered 18 percent of costs of 4-year private colleges in 1980 and now it only covers 9 percent.  If you look at public institutions--those great institutions which we feel have a special obligation to educate all of our citizens, particularly those coming from disadvantaged backgrounds--the maximum Pell grant back in 1980 covered 72 percent of a 4-year public college. Today it only covers 22 percent.  As I said before, the grant has not hardly kept up with inflation. If we had simply paid the Pell grant at inflation we would today be looking at not a $2,700 maximum grant but a $4,300 maximum grant.  So, before us we have the obligation to raise the maximum Pell grant. I am pleased to note that the proposal in the budget does increase it by $300. But that is not sufficient to keep up with the accelerating costs that I have described. The Wellstone-Reed amendment builds on this request within this budget--the President's request--by increasing the maximum Pell grant from $2,700 to $3,500. This would be a $500 increase above the President's proposal.  It calls for a $6 billion investment over five years by an offset of additional reductions in corporate tax loopholes and corporate welfare to fund this increase. By increasing the Pell grant to $3,500 we would be able to extend this grant to several hundred thousand more students. The average Pell award among poorest students would increase by almost a third.  And, Mr. President, we recognize--all of us--the absolute necessity of higher education. A college education really pays off. It pays off for our country, and it pays off for individual graduates of college.  The National Bureau of Labor Statistics has estimated that 60 percent of all the new jobs between 1992 and the year 2005 will require an education beyond high school. Without these skills, college and postsecondary technical school graduates will not be able to man the economy of the 21st century. College education is also the key to higher wages. And one thing that we have been talking about repeatedly here is how do we raise the wages of Americans to give them a fair share in the progress of our economy? Education is the answer--higher education particularly. This translates dramatically.  It is estimated that college graduates earn 50 percent more than high school graduates. In 40 years of expected work a college graduate is estimated to earn over a half-million dollars more than a high school graduate. All of this points to the critical need to provide additional access to higher education.  Indeed, in terms of the national well being there have been studies, one of which is Trends in American Economic Growth, that point to the fact that 37 percent of our growth as a Nation from 1929 to 1982 was attributable to education, and particularly higher education.  So not to invest in Pell grants, not to invest in opportunities for Americans to seek higher education, will I think undercut the goal we all have of growing and providing for an expanding and productive economy.  So the amendment before us today is a step in the right direction, to provide more access to higher education, to allow particularly students from low-income households to go to school, to learn skills, to work in this economy, and to build strong communities so that we prosper not only economically but as citizens in a community of other citizens.  If we shortchange the Pell grant and other educational programs, we will be reaping a very short and very transparent economy, one that in the clear light of day in the future will reveal itself to be not a savings but a massive lack of investment in the potential of our people and the success of our economy.  I hope that we will all join together, as the distinguished Senator from Minnesota has done, to put forth this amendment and support this amendment and to increase our contribution to the Pell grant. Doing so I think will prepare us well for the new economy we face, an economy which demands these skills. The world is changed. Technology is forging new boundaries. Capital investment respects no boundaries. The only determinant I believe that we will have to ensure that we maintain our superiority as an economy is that we have the best educated people with access to higher education being the key to that success.  This amendment will I hope take that strong step forward to accelerate the process of education for all of our citizens to ensure that we meet these technological challenges, to ensure that we have the best prepared work force, and that we also have people who respect and, indeed, appreciate the value of education because they benefited from it.  I yield the remainder of my time.  