President, I rise today to discuss legislation I have just introduced, the Campaign Spending Control Act of 1997. The 1996 elections, unfortunately, will be remembered for two remarkable facts. First, Federal campaigns produced record spending; over $2.7 billion or almost $28 for every voter. Second, the election produced record-low voter participation: less than half of those eligible chose to vote. These two tragic facts are inextricably linked.  Due to the vast sums of money spent on campaigns, most Americans believeour current campaign system is tainted by special interest money. Under a flood of money and television ads, voters view their voice as meaningless, their concerns as unaddressed, and their votes as unimportant. In order to restore public confidence, campaign finance reform must accomplish three goals. It must significantly reduce campaign spending; level the playing field for those who challenge incumbents; and, finally, encourage greater public participation and debate.  These goals cannot be successfully addressed without significantly changing the rules which govern campaigns. Campaign scandals have posed a threat to the health of our democracy throughout our Nation's history. In 1907, after enduring embarrassment over a campaign scandal, President Teddy Roosevelt championed legislation prohibiting corporations from financing Federal candidates. In 1974, responding to the scandals of the 1972 elections and the resignation of President Nixon, Congress overwhelmingly passed legislation limiting spending by candidates, parties, and wealthy individuals.  In 1996, all the past campaign reforms imploded, with a flood of corporate and individual money overwhelming legal limits. Million-dollar corporate contributions funded advertisements to impact Presidential and congressional campaigns. Well-funded individuals and organizations also got into the act. By spending a record $70 million on so-called issue advertising, labor unions, business organizations, and ideological groups circumvented limits on direct contributions to candidates. Thus, candidates, awash in a sea of outside money, were pushed to not only trounce their opponents in fundraising, but to match outside groups. The chase for dollars sapped candidates' time which could have been spent debating, attending forums, and otherwise engaging voters. Once solicited, most of these millions were spent on uninformative, 30-second advertisements, which only served to further alienate the electorate. Unchecked, this campaign system will spiral into exponential spending increases, further disenfranchisement, and less dialog. The system is already close to collapsing under its own weight; the time to act is now.  The roots of this abysmal situation can be traced to a misguided Supreme Court decision. In Buckley versus Valeo, a 1976 case which challenged the 1974 campaign reform legislation, the Court held that, in order to avoid corruption, contributions to candidates and committees could be limited. However, the Court invalidated expenditure limits on candidates and independent entities as infringements on free speech rights. The Court surmised that unlimited spending would increase the number and depth of issues discussed. Twenty years of campaign spending has proven the Court's decision fatally flawed: fewer issues are discussed, less debate occurs, and voter participation has declined. The single most important step to reform elections and revitalize our democracy is to reverse the Buckley decision by limiting the amount of money that a candidate or his allies can spend.  For this reason, Senators Bryan, Hollings, Johnson, and I are introducing legislation which directly challenges the Buckley decision and places mandatory limits on all campaign expenditures. These limits do not favor incumbents. Over the last three elections, these limits would have restricted 80 percent of incumbents, while only impacting 18 percent of those who challenged incumbents. Additionally, this legislation would fully ban corporate contributions, as well as unlimited and unregulated contributions by wealthy individuals and organizations. Further, our bill would limit campaign expenditures by supposedly, neutral, independent groups, and restrict corporations, labor unions, and other organizations from influencing campaigns under the guise of issue advocacy. The end result of this legislation would be to eliminate over $500 million from the system, discourage violations, encourage challenges to incumbents, and further promote debate among both candidates and the electorate.  What effect would these limits have on political debate? Contrary to the Supreme Court, I believe such limits would increase dialog. Candidates would be free from the burdens of unending fundraising and thus be available to participate in debates, forums, and interviews. With greater access to candidates and less reason to believe that candidates were captives of their contributors, voters might well be more prepared to invest the time needed to be informed on issues of concern and ask candidates to address them.  Some will argue that this legislation impinges upon freedom of speech. The bill will marginally restrict the rights of a few to spend money--not speak--so that the majority of voters might restore their faith in the process. Thus, speech will be restricted no more than necessary to fulfill what I believe to be several compelling interests. Such a restriction conforms with constitutional jurisprudence and has been demonstrated necessary by history. The fact is all democratic debates are restricted by rules. My legislation would simply implement necessary rules into our campaign system. Finally, it is important to remember that the vast majority of Americans, 96 percent, have never made a political contribution at any level of government. Capping expenditures will truly impact very few individuals, and that restriction will be marginal, but necessary.  Implementing spending caps is a grass-roots initiative. Elected officials from 33 States have urged that the Buckley decision be revisited and limits implemented. Legislative bodies in Ohio and Vermont have implemented sweeping reform by enacting mandatory caps on candidate expenditures. Other States, such as my own, have embraced public financing as a means of reform. Yet, today, Congress struggles to even consider the most modest of reforms, such as banning so called soft money: unlimited donations by corporations, labor unions, and wealthy individuals to political party committees. Unfortunately, because most of the current reform proposals accept the reasoning enunciated in the Buckley decision, they will only serve to redirect an unlimited flow of cash. While I enthusiastically support any substantive reform, if we are to address the underlying cancer which has disintegrated voter trust and participation, the problem of unlimited expenditures must be directly confronted. This is a step that one municipality and two States have embraced. Many more State officials as well as prominent constitutional law scholars have urged such a course. Expenditure limitations have been proposed by congressional reformers in the past, and it is time to rededicate ourselves to this goal.  Mr. President, I have a list of the 33 State officials and 24 State attorneys general who have urged the reversal of Buckley. I ask unanimous consent that these documents be printed in the Record.  