President, like many I recognize that this budget agreement is a good faith effort. It shows a recognition by Republicans that their past plans were extreme and unpopular. Indeed, the agreement acknowledges, to a degree, that Americans want us to invest in priorities.  However, for all its positive steps, I do not believe it is the right budget outline for our future. I support a balanced budget plan, but I cannot support a resolution which sets in motion a questionable package of unfair tax cuts and other misguided priorities.  The agreement contains a number of laudable elements. The welfare act's excesses are curbed. It takes a small first step toward health care coverage for children, and important education tax credits are provided. And it does purport to continue the march toward a balanced budget.  Indeed, we would not be able to consider this agreement without the 1993 budget agreement. With only Democratic votes, that package has cut the deficit for 4 years in a row and brought the deficit to its lowest point as a percentage of the Gross Domestic Product [GDP] since 1974. Ironically, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle predicted the 1993 budget would cause economic collapse and ruin. Yet, today, the economic growth generated, in part, by the 1993 budget has brought us to the point where it is conceivable to reach budget balance. Today's national economy is a marvel of low inflation, low unemployment, and strong revenues, which is good news for many although it has yet to reach some in my State of Rhode Island.  Again, there are sound elements of this plan, but I would caution that a budget resolution is short on specifics, long on figures, and tends to obscure the magnitude of what is under consideration. While the budget resolution is nonbinding, it imposes an austere procedural and fiscal discipline on what the Senate can and cannot do. Certainly the defeat of the Hatch-Kennedy amendment showed that this budget resolution can, and could continue to be, used to thwart efforts to meet even the health care needs of America's children.  Mr. President, for all its effort, I believe this agreement falls short in a number of key areas.  First, the deal's economic assumptions are optimistic, and are based on a $225 billion midnight revenue windfall estimate from the Congressional Budget Office. Sadly, the accuracy of these estimates is not guaranteed. Since 1980, CBO's revenue estimates have been wrong 11 times, and, on several occasions, these estimates have been off by more than $50 billion. I would also add that try as the Senate might, the business cycle cannot be legislated out of existence. My sincerest hope is that the current economic growth continues, however, history shows that what goes up usually comes down. If we experience a downturn, this agreement could need massive retuning, which would probably not include the elimination of tax breaks for the well-to-do, but would mean pain for society's most vulnerable.  Second, and, most important, I believe the agreement's nontargeted tax breaks are the wrong direction for an agreement which claims to balance the budget. When we are engaged in the task of trying to balance the budget, we should not make the job more difficult by enacting questionable tax breaks for those individuals who are already benefiting handsomely from the current economic growth.  This agreement calls for tax cuts totaling $250 billion over 10 years. When it comes to taxes, what starts small, explodes later. Indeed, 44 percent of the cost of the agreement's tax breaks are packed into the years 2005, 2006, and 2007. Indeed, the cost of these tax cuts grows 32 percent in the final 2 years of the deal. What does this portend for the second 10 years of the agreement? According to the nonpartisan Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, the revenue loss could reach up to $650 billion from 2008 to 2017. I would hasten to remind my colleagues that this is the time when the baby boom retirees will begin to place enormous pressure on already strained entitlement programs.  In contrast, targeted, middle-class tax breaks, like the Hope Scholarship, are supportable because they help working families afford college and prepare their children for the competitive international economy. Unfortunately, the agreement lacks even the attractiveness of closing corporate welfare loopholes that subsidize the shipment of jobs overseas and other questionable business activities to pay for tax breaks.  Mr. President, the specifics of the tax bill this agreement calls for are questionable to say the least. As the resolution's year-by-year revenue loss tables show, there is plenty of budgetary room for time bombs and gimmicks. Indeed, after the revenue loss from the tax breaks doubles between 1999 and 2000, it falls in 2001 and 2002, but it keeps rising and explodes after 2007. As others have pointed out, the pattern is not accidental. Instead, it is designed to permit a number of questionable tax gimmicks to give the appearance of fairness and fiscal propriety. One such revenue trick is to phase in the capital gains indexation which conveniently hides the first 5 year revenue loss and assumes more revenue early on in the second 5 years as investors rush to cash in on capital gains indexing. According to experts, capital gains indexing will cost three times as much in the second 5 years as in the first 5 years of the budget deal.  Some may argue that if gimmicks are employed and subsequently wreak havoc on deficit reduction, Senators will do the right thing and repeal these taxes. Mr. President, I am not so sure that you can put the tax cut genie back in the bottle. This agreement contains no commitment to control a revenue loss explosion. Indeed, all of the President's requests for such assurances were rejected by Republicans. The word ``permanent'' is used to describe the capital gains tax cuts, but not the President's education tax incentives. I would also add that it is very difficult to repeal taxes both politically and practically. For example, phased-in capital gains indexing and other revenue games are hard to repeal or modify because taxpayers will have accepted the Government's tax cut offer on which the Senate would be hard pressed to renege.  But, I am not simply concerned with revenue loss and tax cut chicanery. I believe that many of the tax cuts called for in this agreement are of dubious merit and value. The best example of this fact is an across the board capital gains tax cut. Such a proposal is not investment oriented. There will be no holding period or connection to investments in small businesses. As Paul Volker, former head of the Federal Reserve said before the Senate Finance Committee:       ``. . . a near-term reduction in the capital gains tax rate      from present levels does not strike me as a pressing matter,      especially given the current performance of the economy and      the medium and longer-term budgetary prospects . . . [A] very      large across the board reduction of capital gains taxes poses      serious problems of equity and complexity, of revenue loss      and of distortion of decision making.       If public policy is to make a serious effort to raise the      level of savings and investment, and do so equitably, the      priorities seem to me clear. We should move as fast as we can      toward a surplus in the Federal budget.''  There are those who would argue that a capital gains cut would help millions of Americans. However, the typical beneficiary of a capital gains cut is not a middle-income family. Indeed, households with incomes over $100,000 receive about three-quarters of all capital gains income, and as the Joint Tax Committee reported--JCS-4-97:       ``. . . [W]hile many taxpayers may benefit from an      exclusion or indexing for capital gains, the bulk of the      dollar value of any tax reduction will go to those taxpayers      who realize the bulk of the dollar value of gains.''  In other words a capital gains tax cut benefits the wealthy who actually have capital gains.  There are other questionable tax cuts in this plan, such as the estate tax cut which would only benefit the top 1.2 percent of estates and the backloaded IRA proposal which aims to increase savings for retirement, but causes a revenue loss explosion when the pressure on entitlements is most acute due to the baby boomers. Again, the President had tax proposals which were better and helped family business owners without significantly adding to the deficit.  Third, while the agreement correctly focuses on education through a $35 billion targeted tax incentives for college costs, a commitment to increase the Pell grant for fiscal year 1998, a commitment to technology in the classroom, and a minimal commitment to improving literacy, the need may exceed what this plan allows due to its 10 percent reduction in domestic investment in real terms. Groups like the Committee for Education Funding are greatly concerned about the restrictive discretionary spending caps in the agreement which could severely thwart efforts to invest in our education needs. The agreement contains no school construction funds and little room in budget caps for such an initiative. There is no room for further Pell grant increases, as the defeat of my amendment to increase Pell grant funding demonstrates. There are scarce resources for the estimated $4.8 billion price tag to reform schools as suggested by the National Commission on Teaching and America's Future. Moreover, there is no commitment to fundGoals 2000, School to Work, national service, or the burgeoning need for research into early childhood development  Fourth, the agreement makes very modest room for health care needs, and, as I have stated there was no room in this agreement for a more robust children's health care program paid for with a tax on tobacco. I am also concerned that there are limited resources available for the National Institutes of Health's fight against cancer and HIV.  Fifth, I am concerned that the $115 billion in Medicare cuts called for in the agreement may exceed what is absolutely needed to preserve Medicare. Indeed, the level of cuts in the years 2001 and 2002 total $69 billion. I am also disturbed that no solid estimates are available for the premium increases that many seniors face. The agreement also ignores the long-term-solvency issues of the Medicare program and may leave some with the mistaken impression that Medicare is guaranteed to be there for them. There are even those in the other body who would like to add the dubious concept of medical savings accounts to this plan.  Sixth, the agreement ignores our investment deficit, and even its new initiatives lose ground due to inflation and in relation to the growing tax cuts. Specifically, infrastructure investment is frozen at a time when the U.S. Department of Transportation estimates we need $50 billion each year just to properly maintain our transportation system. Last week, a Rhode Island television station ran a series on the poor road conditions of my State, but sadly this agreement provides only minimal assistance to fix Rhode Island's roads. In the area of housing, the agreement notably extends essential section 8 contracts for senior housing, but leaves little for other affordable housing programs. Last, my colleagues should ask themselves whether the budget caps employed to offset the cost of unsound tax cuts will crowd out important programs and hamstring the Senate's ability to respond to the needs of all Americans in an increasingly competitive world?  The agreement does not continue the path of deficit reduction begun by the 1993 budget agreement. Indeed, the deficit actually increases in each of the next 3 years from $67 billion this year to $90 billion in 1998 to $90 billion in 1999 to $83 billion in 2000. Then miraculously, the deficit falls as the Congress starts to cut $69 billion from Medicare, $49.7 billion from domestic investments, $46 billion from defense, and $10 billion from Medicaid. All these reductions fall in just 2 years, leaving little margin for unsound budget estimates or exploding tax cuts.  Mr. President, on balance there is much in this agreement that should be applauded, and the bipartisanship it displays is laudable. It acknowledges that the Contract With America embodied the wrong policies and priorities for our future. It provides for some investments in health care and education. It restores some benefits for legal immigrants hurt by last year's welfare act, and it builds on the success of the 1993 deficit reduction package.  However, the fundamental question is, Does this agreement meet the challenges of the future? Will it allow us to truly reform education? Will it help more working families afford college? Will it rebuild our roads, bridges, and rails? Will it provide opportunities for those making the transition from welfare to work? Most important, is this agreement fair or does it ask too much of those who can least afford it?  Mr. President, this budget resolution is not the plan for our future. It is too generous where fiscal discipline is required and too tight-fisted where investment is direly needed. And, sadly, it fails to meet the test of fairness and honesty we owe hard working American families.  Mr. President, as the specific legislation to implement this agreement is developed, I am hopeful that its excesses can be curbed, and I would urge my colleagues to accept amendments which would make this plan worthy of greater support.  