President, I rise today in strong support of meaningful campaign finance reform. In particular, in support of the McCain-Feingold bill. I want to commend those two Senators for their excellent work and their unflinching efforts to bring this measure to a vote. I also want to rise in opposition to the proposed Lott amendment. It is an amendment that is clearly a poison pill designed not to do anything other than derail meaningful campaign finance reform. This is the conclusion of all observers who have looked at this carefully--Common Cause, the League of Women Voters, editorial pages in the New York Times and Washington Post. Political scientist Norman Ornstein said, ``A votefor the Lott amendment is a direct move to kill reform.'' Rather than killing reform, we should be embracing it today, in terms of the Feingold-McCain legislative initiative.  In 1884, the Supreme Court gave us the task of protecting the electoral system. In the words of the opinion in Ex Parte Yarborough, they said Congress has ``the authority to protect the elective process against two great natural and historical enemies of all republics, open violence and insidious corruption.''  What we are witnessing today in our electoral process encompasses this form of insidious corruption--not specific misdemeanors, or infractions, but a system in which the American people are losing faith and confidence, that they are seeing their system transform from one in which free elections are based on the merits of the candidates to one which they perceive is based upon simply the sheer volume of cash that flows into the system. This corrupting influence is weakening our ability to govern and the confidence of the people in our motives and indeed in our actions.  Ninety-two percent of Americans think that too much money is spent on campaigns; 89 percent want fundamental change in the campaign finance system; 85 percent believe special interests have more influence than the voters; 69 percent believe that public officials are indifferent to their views, their concerns, their needs; 51 percent believe that quite a few Government officials are corrupt.  If that is not evidence of insidious corruption, then I don't know what is. Perhaps other evidence might be the fact that people are no longer participating in the most meaningful way a citizen can participate, by voting. We have seen voter participation plummet. In 1996, voter turnout was below 50 percent, which is the lowest since the early 1920's. Fewer people volunteer to participate as volunteers on campaigns, as canvassers, as public-spirited citizens who want to be involved in the Government. The most frequently cited reason for people not actively engaging as candidates is the fact that they can't raise the enormous amounts of money that they perceive is essential to becoming part of the American political process.  All of this argues, I think, eloquently and decisively for fundamental campaign finance reform. But what is happening today in this amendment is an attempt to throttle the views of working men and women throughout this country. And at the same time, protect and enshrine the right of the few to give very, very much to political campaigns.  That, I think, is another example of how the system has gone haywire and askew. Six hundred thousand people contributed over $200 in Federal campaigns in 1996. That represents .31 percent of eligible voters. Of those individuals that gave over $1,000, 237,000 Americans, .12 percent of eligible donors. Those individuals who gave the maximum amount under Federal law to Federal candidates, $25,000, in the entire United States, 126--an infinitesimal fraction. That is what this argument is about today in many respects. It is to allow those individuals to give directly and indirectly unlimited sums to the political process and to further erode confidence in our Government. At the same time, the Lott amendment would circumscribe the ability of working men and women to make small, routine contribution through political action committees.  The sum of all this is that we need fundamental reform. The Feingold-McCain bill presents such reform. It would ban soft money to national political parties as well as the use of soft money by State parties to impact Federal elections. It would eliminate the abuse of issue ads. The last election cycle saw an explosion of issue ads, ads in which candidates were beaten about the head and shoulders regularly, not by their opponent, but by groups that rose up suddenly and put ads on television and departed just as quickly.  (