 I rise this afternoon in opposition to the Coats-Lieberman amendment. I have sensed from the comments of the Senator from Indiana and the Senator from Connecticut that they, too, share our mutual frustration with the status of public schools in the United States and particularly in the District of Columbia. That frustration is forcing us to look at ways in which we can improve education because we believe it is so vitally important to the future of the young people of America and indeed to the very success of America in the future.  I don't think this frustration should cloud our vision as to what we are doing if we would adopt an amendment such as is proposed today. I believe it would represent an abandonment of public education, not a reform of public education. I feel very strongly that our first commitment should be to a strong system of public education throughout this Nation, that we should be seeking to make school reform and excellent schools the right of every child and not just those who may be fortunate enough to receive some type of voucher to leave the system.  Indeed, we can ask ourselves, even if this measure should pass and 2,000 children would leave the public education system in the District of Columbia, what about the thousands of children remaining? What have we done to make their lives better and their education better? I don't think we can save a few and sacrifice the many. I think what we have to do is sit down, conscientiously and cooperatively, and reform public education, not abandon it.  Now, the District of Columbia, as we all know, has stark educational needs. Their class year was delayed for days and days and days, not because of anything more complicated than the fact that the buildings were in disrepair. Yet, rather than investing in roofs or boilers or those items that would actually put children literally into the classroom, we are now debating a voucher bill that would take some of those resources that could be available for these activities and disburse them to private education. Indeed, I believe we have a special obligation here in the Nation's Capital to ensure that the schools are the best in the country. However, we are not talking about that today. Instead, we are talking about allowing 2,000 students to leave that system, rather than talking about how we can make every school in the District of Columbia the best in this country and in the world, and how we can give every child in the District of Columbia the chance to succeed educationally so that they can succeed in life.  The amendment offered by Senators Coats and Lieberman brings the issue of the quality of education, particularly education in many of our urban areas, clearly into focus. For that, we thank them. It is a crisis we must address, but a crisis that I believe is not solved by vouchers. Vouchers would take the limited resources necessary to improve, reform, and reinvigorate public education and, instead, allow some students to leave the system.  Indeed, as part of this amendment which is being debated today there is absolutely no requirement that schools accepting the vouchers would also have to accept the great task of public education, which is to educate all students regardless of their abilities, regardless of their proficiency in the English language, regardless of discipline problems or troubles they may have. This is the task we set for public education. That is not the task that is frequently embraced or supported by private education.  In Cleveland, which has a voucher program, no students with disabilities are served. 1,460 students, nearly half of those that were given the vouchers, could not even find a private school that would accept them. The essence of a private school very clearly is they get to reject students, and they get to reject them on very subjective grounds. That is the nature of private education. That does not apply, obviously, to public education. Public education not only must accept every child but has a moral and legal requirement to serve those children as best they can. And that is a significant difference.  Private education works very, very well. It has provided good education to many Americans. I was a student in parochial schools in Rhode Island. But one thing that was true then and is true now when I talk to parents is that, if your child has a particular difficulty or disability, if your child needs enhanced care, specialized attention, the first choice is specifically the public schools because the public school not only has the obligation but will make available those resources as best they can. And, once again, in the arena of private schools it is not because of any ill-will but simply because of the fact that they just do not have to do that.  So we are talking about a system in which there is not equality, not equality admission, and in many cases not equality of resources either.  We have to support the mission of public education in the United States, and it is not just about training workers for the world economy. It is not just preparing young people to engage in the technologically challenging world of the next century. It is also about Americans, because one of the hallmarks of our country has always been that we have a system of public education that is a common ground for the American people--that children of all races, children of different national heritage, children of different religious convictions can come and be educated in a place that emphasizes not their differences but their common status as citizens of this great Republic.  We are in danger perhaps of losing that. We are in danger because there is a great deal of skepticism about the effectiveness of public education in the United States. And, looking at the record, one should be skeptical. But we should not respond to that skepticism and that frustration today by turning our back on public education. Rather, we should look at the way we can make public education better for all students. What we should be thinking about and talking about and enacting is tough academic standards in public education.  How do we involve parents and the community more deeply and more intimately in the lives and schools in the neighborhood? How do we make schools safe and drug free? How do we bring technology into every classroom? And how do we ensure that every classroom is a place that is structurally sound, clean, and creates an environment where young people want to learn and want to strive to get ahead?  The notion of school choice in the public education system is a good one. Parents should have some flexibility within the public system to pick out charter schools, magnet schools, or special schools. Those types of schools help stimulate innovation and improvement in the public system.  In my home State of Rhode Island we are fortunate to have several different schools, particularly at the secondary level which draw on the special talents and special skills of the students and which give parents and students a choice. But when we start moving away from that system of public education into funded private education, funded now by these vouchers, we are stepping across a boundary which I think we will regret because inevitably we will be pulling resources away from the needed improvements and reforms in public education, and we will see our schools deteriorate even further.  There is a better way to reform education.  If you look at schools which have the same basic demographic characteristics, one of the most persuasive comments that I have seen is that the difference in performance between a good school and a bad school is most accounted for by the qualifications of their teachers. We are not talking about dealing with that issue of teacher preparation here today. We are skirting it, where, in fact, I think if we have scarce Federal dollars, and, indeed, we do have scarce Federal dollars in every category of expenditures, we have to look at where we can get our best value. And it is not balanced. It would be better spent, I feel, in improving the quality of teaching in our public schools.  I introduced legislation--the Teacher Excellence in America Challenge Act, the TEACH Act--which would turn around the model of professional development and training in the United States to provide for better teachers. This legislation is based upon an extensive study by the National Commission on Teaching and America's Future, which contains some disheartening statistics about the quality and preparation of teachers in America.  Over 12 percent of newly hired teachers have no training; 23 percent of all secondary teachers do not have even a minor in their main teaching field; and in schools with the highest minority enrollment, students have less than a 50 percent chance of getting a science or mathematics teacher who holds a license and degree in his or her field of teaching.  These are the real problems of public education. These problems have to be addressed. And we can address them, and we must address them. If we do that we will be on much firmer ground in improving public education.  What is the price tag, as estimated by the National Commission on Teaching and America's Future, for improving the quality of teachers throughout this country? It is over $4 billion. It may seem inconsequential today. We are debating a very small program with respect to the District of Columbia.  But we need all the resources we can to meet the greater challenge of preparing our teachers and the greater challenge of simply ensuring that school buildings are suitable and safe for children.  To turn away from these challenges and to adopt this amendment is, I believe, the wrong approach.  I believe we have a lot to do to improve public education. We have the necessary task ahead of us to improve teaching, to improve the school environment, and to challenge schools with demanding standards.  I also hope that this body will adopt a national evaluation system so that schools know where they stand, and so that when we talk about how well a school is doing it is not just anecdotal, but we will actually know how well they are doing.  In fact, I hope that the national evaluations would be participated in by both public and private schools so we can make a judgment about how well the public schools are doing versus private schools. I think we would be a bit surprised. I think we would find despite the disparagement, despite the criticism, despite the constant bombardment against public education, that it would stand up very well. But we all can do better, and we all must do better.  The dollars that we are talking about today are important. They should be applied to provide every student in the District of Columbia with a chance--not 2,000 lucky students--but every student in the District of Columbia. They should be focused not on retreating from our commitment to public education but to reaffirming it by assuring every child in this District, and we hope in this country, will have a good, safe school building; they will have well-prepared and motivated teachers; they will have textbooks that are current; and, they will have the chance to use all their talents not only for their own success but ultimately for the great success of this Nation.  I yield my time.  