President. I thank the Senator from Massachusetts for yielding.  Mr. President, over the past several months, we on the Labor Committee have been working diligently and effectively to try to create a Food and Drug Administration reform bill--a bill that truly balances the need for technological innovations and flexibility but that doesn't upset the fundamental obligations of the Food and Drug Administration to protect the public's health and safety. And we have made progress.  We have to recognize that the purpose of this bill fundamentally is the reauthorization of the Prescription Drug User Fee Act. That is the critical dimension that we are faced with. With the expiration of that authority at the end of this month or the beginning of the next fiscal year, we would lose a very valuable program, a program that has generally provided great success in speeding up approval, of ensuring that drugs are brought to the marketplace in a much more efficient and effective way. Linking the authorization of the Prescription Drug User Fee Act to the controversial FDA reform proposals may threaten many of the benefits of PDUFA--the acronym for the Prescription Drug User Fee Act. I hope that will not be the case. I hope we can work out some of these details and reach a suitable conclusion.  Much of the credit is due to the leadership of both Senator Jeffords and Senator Kennedy. They have been working diligently to arrive at a legislative proposal that would balance the need for a rapid and effective regulatory response to the approval of medical drugs and devices but also fundamentally protect the public health. Frankly, I suggest that this is the motivation for our debate today.  The critical issue has to be, must be, and should be the protection of the public health and safety. That is why we have a Food and Drug Administration. That is why we maintain a strong, vigilant Food and Drug Administration.  We have agreement, I believe, that PDUFA is working, and that we can move forward with PDUFA. The industry is, indeed, thrilled by it. It works well. They pay fees dedicated to the examination and review of proposed drugs and devices. These resources have enabled the FDA to speed up the process.  In terms of the FDA process, PDUFA has done a great deal. The bill that we are considering on the floor today includes a reauthorization of PDUFA, and represents many improvements in the original bill that we started with, and, indeed, even the bill that emerged from the committee. But there are still critical issues that have to be addressed in terms of protection of the public health and safety. They are complicated issues. They are issues that require careful review and deliberation.  One of the disappointing aspects of this process is that the final version of this bill was just released publicly Wednesday, the same time the cloture motion was filed. Again, in the spirit of careful, thorough, thoughtful review, this does not provide the best opportunity to review all the nuances of this legislation.  So that is why I believe the effort today, led by Senator Kennedy, is a very important one. It allows this body to more carefully, more intelligently and more thoroughly review provisions that will affect the lives of untold Americans. I daresay that the Food and Drug Administration reaches the lives of every American, probably more so than any regulatory agency in this country.  All the prescription drugs on the shelves, all of the medical devices that are used--all of them, the food additives, all of these things--are influenced by FDA action. We have to be very careful, very thoughtful and, I believe, methodical. So today's debate--and again I commend Senator Kennedy for ensuring that we do have a thorough debate--is vitally important to that goal.  I mentioned that we have made progress on this bill, but I should say there are also areas that need improvement--desperately need improvement. There is one in particular I would like to speak to for a moment, and that is the issue of medical device labeling.  This bill contains a medical device provision which potentially opens up a serious public health loophole. Section 404 of this bill would prevent the Food and Drug Administration, before clearing a device for the market, from examining whether a device will be used for an unlabeled use before clearing it for use in the market. This provision could allow the gaming of the FDA process where companies could attempt to escape a requirement of providing essential safety and effectiveness data by adopting a very narrow use for the device.  For example, under this bill, a company could get approval for a biopsy needle from the FDA, even though it may be used in practice--and, indeed, this would be something that the company might have knowledge of--for an entirely different purpose, such as for tumor removal. Yet, the company could avoid submitting to the FDA any safety or effectiveness data on this device for tumor removal because FDAwould be prohibited by law from asking for that data. In other words, the FDA would be prohibited from looking behind the limited proposed use of the device.  Another example is a company which receives approval of a general surgical laser, even though the laser is clearly designed for prostate surgery. The public health of the American people is dependent upon a thorough and complete review of such devices, and yet, section 404 would essentially put blindfolds on the agency. They very well might know from general literature, the company might very well know from its sales force who, when they present this product, hear medical professionals saying, ``This is great, but I'll use it for something else,'' and yet the FDA would not be able to require data on this likely use. This provision would prevent the FDA from providing for the safety and effectiveness of medical devices.  The issue of allowing FDA to look beyond the conditions of use on the label and evaluating the use of a device is somewhat of a gray area. Certainly, advances in technology, new uses by the medical profession of devices should not be inhibited, but we also do not want to compromise the ability of the FDA to protect the public health. That is the great balance we must strike in this legislation: allowing for technological flexibility, regulatory efficiency, but not compromising the public health of the American people. It is a balance that we are edging close to.  We have made progress since the adoption of this bill at the committee level, but more progress can and should be made. We are committed to making such progress. We are committed, I think, to coming up with final legislation that will reflect both the need for technological efficiency and innovation, but also protecting the public health of the American people.  I hope we can do that. I know that we desperately want, all of us, to reauthorize PDUFA so that we can continue that outstanding record of regulatory efficiency and approvals that have been generated by PDUFA. But, I don't think any of us want to create a situation where months from now or years from now we are confronted with public health problems because we acted hastily or we acted without the thoughtful, careful review that is necessary to develop legislation that protects the public health and provides for all of the new innovations that are fast becoming part of our medical marketplace.  Again, I commend Senator Kennedy for his unflinching efforts to ensure that these concerns are fully addressed. I also thank and commend the chairman of the committee who has worked diligently, sincerely and doggedly over these last several months to try to bring together opposing views on the committee. I believe we are close but not quite there yet. I believe in the days ahead, we can, in fact, reach a position of which we will all be very, very proud. At this time, I am prepared to yield back to the senior Senator from Massachusetts.  