President.  Mr. President, I rise to speak in favor of this bill. As one who voted against the Senate version of this legislation, I am especially pleased today to be able to support this initiative--an initiative that, among other things, provides 10 years of solvency to the Medicare Program, and makes a substantial investment in the health care of our children. I would like to remind my colleagues that we were able to craft this agreement because of the tough vote that I and others cast in 1993 for President Clinton's deficit reduction plan--a plan that has reduced the deficit from almost $300 billion to approximately $40 billion or perhaps lower.  I am particularly pleased that this bill makes a remarkable investment in the health care of our children by providing $24 billion to States to spend for children's health care. This new program represents the most significant and far-reaching expansion in our social programs since the passage of Medicaid and Medicare in the mid-1960's. These children's health provisions will give our children the healthy start that they deserve, and the healthy start that is necessary to help young people become effective students and help these students become effective workers, and help all of us raise a generation of American citizens who will serve this country and lead the world.  Congress is committing significant resources to children's needs. And now we must turn our attention to the days ahead to ensure that these resources are used wisely. I remain cautious about this new initiative. As with any investment of our taxpayer's dollars,the Federal Government needs to ensure that the investment is well spent. The plan which is being offered today provides a wide array of options and benefit plans with a high degree of flexibility. And it is crafted in a such a way that it could perhaps be gamed--not for the benefit of the children but for the benefit of those who will be enriching themselves from the system. As this program is implemented, we need to provide adequate oversight to ensure that the children are the beneficiaries of this program, and that they receive the benefits they need, that their health care is protected, and that we as a Nation can prosper. The Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, along with the Congress, has her work cut out for her. And together we must ensure that this program is implemented wisely and benefits the children that we so desperately and appropriately want to serve.  In addition, this conference agreement makes significant changes in the Medicare Program. Most importantly, this bill brings 10 years of solvency to the Medicare Program--a program that more than 30 million Americans depend upon, and that more than 170,000 Rhode Islanders depend upon.  Like the amendment I offered during the debate on the Senate version of this bill, this legislation does not include the provisions which I believe take the wrong approach to solving our Medicare problems--provisions like raising the eligibility age, means testing for the part B premiums, and a home health copayment for home health services. This legislation strikes those provisions, as my previous amendment struck those provisions.  A home health care copayment would have negatively impacted the sickest and poorest of Medicare beneficiaries. And an increase in Medicare's eligibility age is a step in the wrong direction. Simply put, raising the eligibility age for Medicare increases the ranks of the uninsured. Already, 13 percent of the 21 million people age 55 to 64 lack health insurance. It makes no sense at all for Congress to eliminate Medicare as an option for seniors who have nowhere else to turn. These and other issues will be debated in the context of long-term Medicare reform as we address the problems faced by Medicare for the next generation.  During the Senate debate on this bill, as I indicated, I offered an amendment to strike these provisions. My amendment failed. But I am glad to see that today we have reached an agreement which protects Medicare, extends the life of the program for at least 10 years and does not attempt an ad hoc approach to structural reform.  This bill includes many improvements to Medicare. For example, it has expanded preventive health care benefits for mammography, pap smears, diabetes, prostate, and colorectal cancer screening, bone density measurements, and vaccines. This bill also requires the Medicare Program and managed care plans to give more information to beneficiaries about their choices and their coverage, and the quality of that coverage. All of these are welcome developments.  I am also pleased that this bill contains $1.5 billion for protecting low-income Medicare beneficiaries against an increase in Medicare premiums. However, I am disappointed that this comes in the form of a block grant to the States that ends after 2002. This approach has the potential to fall short of providing real protection for low-income Medicare beneficiaries. Any increase in Medicare premiums can result in significant hardships for low-income seniors, and these individuals deserve a permanent guarantee of protection.  This bill also includes numerous changes in Medicare reimbursement policies--changes that will have a great impact on those individuals and institutions that provide health care to Medicare beneficiaries. I will keep a vigilant eye on the implementation of these changes, paying particular attention to their impact on the access to and quality of care provided to Medicare beneficiaries.  This legislation also establishes a bipartisan national commission to examine the long-term solvency of the Medicare Program. The creation of this commission lays an important foundation to work on long-term reforms and solutions, and to tackle those issues that are not suitable for the narrow confines of a budget debate. Such reform is needed to address the challenges that the Medicare Program will face as members of the baby-boom generation become recipients of Medicare. This commission provides that framework, and I am encouraged that the commission is established by this legislation.  I am prepared to vote in favor of this bill. As with any piece of legislation, it is not perfect. Indeed, many individuals will benefit from various provisions of the bill. Medicare beneficiaries will have the security of an additional 10 years of solvency in the program. The families of uninsured children will now have new State programs to turn to. Medicare beneficiaries will have new choices and increased preventive health care benefits.  But this is no time to rest on our laurels. To ensure that Medicare beneficiaries continue to have access to high-quality care in the face of constrained payments to providers, to ensure that the $24 billion for children's health care is well spent, and to ensure the long-term viability of the Medicare Program, we will need continued vigilance on the part of many, including the Congress, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and those persons served by the Medicare and Medicaid Programs.  We also must recognize that within this budget, as we continue to draw down discretionary spending over the next several years, harder and harder choices will ensue. We have to ensure that we make the right choices. We have to ensure that the spirit today--a spirit that reaches out to help our children, a spirit that reaches out to help and maintain our seniors--will be the spirit that dominates our future budget deliberations as it has ennobled our past efforts to strengthen America.  I yield the remainder of my time.  