. trading. The discussion between the Senator from Maryland and the Senator from New York pointed out the complexity of looking at the trade deficit. But there are some things that are quite clear despite the complexity.  In 1980, we had a surplus of roughly $2.3 billion. By 1996--we have now a deficit of $165 billion. That is the time in which fast track has been operative. That is the time in which fast track has been the centerpiece of our legislative efforts, our international efforts to increase trade in the world.  This deficit right now is a result of many things. It is a result of, in some respects, our fast-track policy. But it is a result also of our inability, I think, to deal with some of the more basic issues in international trade, dealing with some countries that utilize access to our market but at the same time deny us access to their market. It is a phenomenon also caused by the proliferation of multinational corporations that move their operations, in many cases, out of the United States because of our environmental laws, because of our labor laws, because of many stringent requirements that raise and maintain the quality of life and the standard of living here in the United States. And they have gone to other countries. In fact, some of our policies have encouraged their departure.  One of the striking differences between this fast-track bill today, 1997, and the fast-track bill that was adopted in 1988, is that we have neglected to include within the principal negotiating objectives attention to the rights of workers of our potential trading partners. We have also neglected to include currency coordination, which is an important aspect of ensuring that a free-trade system operates appropriately and correctly. We have also narrowed significantly the scope of concerns which we can address with respect to the environment.  Regardless of our budget situation, we will have contributed to the further deterioration, if this bill passes, of our trade position, because we have included increased incentives to deploy capital from the United States from other parts of the world to developing countries, which effectively will mean that they will be our competitors.  I know, when the Senator from Maryland and the Senator from New York were talking, they were talking about the overall trade balance, making the distinction between our trade balance and our Federal deficit. But I think if you just aggregate that trade balance, you will see clearly that in terms of manufactured goods we are consistently losing. And that is the most prescient, tangible point with respect to the arguments that, because of some of these trading rules, literally our good manufacturing jobs are going overseas.  