President,  Mr. President, my amendment this evening gives my colleagues of the Senate a clear choice to stabilize the solvency of the Medicare trust fund without including some of the provisions which we already talked about this afternoon, and others which undermine the concept of a universal Medicare system. Medicare provides excellent health care for all of our seniors--it is a system that has operated for 30 years, a system that works, a system that is supported by the vast majority of Americans.  Specifically, what my amendment will do is provide for the revenue savings and the cost savings that are incorporated in the underlying bill, but remove from that bill those provisions that harm the structural integrity of the Medicare program.  My amendment would retain the Medicare eligibility age of 65. It would strike the home health copay. It would add the current law that protects Medicare recipients with respect to balanced-billing protection for those recipients and beneficiaries who may choose to opt for private fee-for-service Medicare health coverage. It would also eliminate the means-tested provisions for Medicare. And, finally, it would eliminate the medical savings account as a Medicare option.  All of these provisions which I have mentioned are not necessary to preserve the solvency of the Medicare fund. We can achieve solvency by agreeing to the savings and reimbursement changes which are in the underlying bill. And we can provide for a solvent Medicare system in the future without endangering the Medicare program itself.  I would like to comment on the specifics in my substitute.  First, as I mentioned before, my amendment would strike the rollback of the Medicare eligibility age to 67. I realize that this has been debated today. But this is such a critical point that it bears restating.  Reducing the Medicare eligibility age is exactly the wrong way to proceed with respect to health care reform--not just Medicare reform, but health care reform in this country. Our goal should be to encourage more participation in health care, to extend health care benefits to more Americans and not to reduce health care coverage.  Indeed, it is a cruel irony tonight that one of the beneficial aspects of the underlying legislation is the extension of health care to more children and, yet, we are contracting the health care coverage of seniors.  I believe also that this provision will send shockwaves throughout our entire health care system as companies are forced to realize the additional liability under current accounting rules. Many employers provide health care to their employees until Medicare eligibility age. If that age is rolled back, employers incur more costs. If they incur more costs and have to show it on the balance sheet, they are going to have to make very difficult choices not only about the coverage for retirees, but also if they are going to continue to provide coverage for their current workers.  This is something that should not be done lightly and, indeed, represents, a retreat from our commitment to provide more and more Americans with access to good quality health care.  Let me also suggest with respect to the home health copay that this is a provision which does not support those people who particularly need this type of support. Forty-three percent of the individuals who would have to pay this copay have incomes under $10,000 a year. Two-thirds of persons using these benefits are women, one-third of whom live alone.  Just yesterday we heard from a woman--an 82-year-old woman --who desperately relies upon home healthcare services. She--and many others like her--would be in no condition to pay the increased costs. This provision should also be stricken.  With respect to medical savings accounts, this is the provision which I think will go toward the unraveling of the Medicare system as we know it. Under the MSA concept, a senior would be required to use Medicare money to buy a catastrophic health policy, and any savings left over from Medicare's payment could be put in the medical savings account.  This provision will attract wealthy seniors who, frankly, can pay for some of these costs. It would also attract those people who are healthy. Essentially, they would be making a judgment whether they are healthy enough to run the risk of avoiding significant illness, and, if so, this is a good option. If they are not so healthy, then their best rational choice would be to go for fee-for-service, traditional Medicare. The consequence would be that we would see wealthy, healthy seniors leave the Medicare system and, with them, the proportion of money that is contributed in their behalf. The remaining seniors would be sicker, older, and more likely to use services. This would put increased pressure on the Medicare program.  Those who see this as a way of making the system more solvent and more secure are missing the point. MSAs would lead to a situation in which the system is harmed, more costs are piled upon Medicare, Medicare becomes more difficult to fund and, indeed, to support.  Also, my substitute would eliminate the means testing provision. Philosophically, I think Medicare works because it is seen as a health care program and not a welfare program. To the extent that we make this part B premium differential between wealthy individuals and nonwealthy individuals, this program will take on quickly the shades of a welfare program. It will undercut the tremendous support in all ranges of American life for the Medicare system.  This part B premium adjustment is done in the context of a voluntary system, a system in which seniors might perceive--particularly wealthy seniors--that it is no longer a good deal to be part of part B. These seniors could voluntarily leave or buy other types of insurance--in fact the industry, I think, right now is probably planning to sell.  Once again, we will see the unraveling of the Medicare system as more people leave and as their contributions are taken with them from the Medicare system.  All of these together will lead to a situation in which we hear the first crack in the system. And as time goes on, those cracks will widen to deep fissures, and the solid support that we have today will ultimately erode.  A final point is with respect to a provision in the underlying bill, the lack of balanced billing protections in the private fee-for-service option. Current Medicare law balance billing limits protect seniors now and would be undercut because of the options in the underlying bill that allow beneficiaries to choose medical policies in which physicians could charge beyond the Medicare limits. This balanced billing protection exists for fee-for-service, traditional Medicare recipients. It should be in place for all beneficiaries of Medicare regardless of the program they choose. My amendment would add balance billing limits to the Medicare Choice provisions of the bill currently without them.  In a sense, what this amendment does in the nature of a substitute is say that we can provide solvency for Medicare. We can go ahead and provide the opportunities to make careful, comprehensive review of the system. We can make changes. But we don't have to do it today. We don't have to have to do it hastily. We don't have to do it in an ad hoc fashion which misses the systematic impact of all of these changes we have talked about today. Rather, we can--as I think the agreement reached with respect to the budget agreement several months ago indicates--we can stabilize the system, reduce the increasing costs associated with Medicare by roughly $115 billion and not defer, but study carefully and comprehensively and thoroughly the impact of some of these proposed changes.  This amendment stabilizes the system. It eliminates precipitous changes in Medicare that will undermine the program--changes in this bill that may leave us in a situation where Medicare is no longer a universal program in which all of our seniors can participate. Medicare should continue to be a program in which all of our seniors can and will participate, and a program in which all of our seniors will be guaranteed high quality health care that they can afford.  