President, I rise today in support of the conference report on S. 830, the Food and Drug Administration Modernization and Accountability Act of 1997. This is an important bill with serious implications for the protection of the health of the American people. Although I did not support this bill when it was first considered on the floor of the Senate, I am pleased that significant changes have been made and that this final version of the legislation is worthy of support.  This FDA reform bill is the result of ongoing negotiations both prior to and subsequent to the Labor Committee's markup of the bill. Through this process, a number of provisions that seriously threatened public health and safety were dropped or otherwise resolved. I am particularly pleased that improvements made include important protections to the third party review process. Significant changes and additions also include provisions regarding health claims for food products, health care economic claims, a notice of discontinuance when a sole manufacturer stops producing a drug, and a range of other items.  The original Senate-passed bill contained a provision regarding the FDA device approval process that posed a serious threat to public health. In effect, the Senate-passed bill would have limited the FDS's current authority to ask device manufacturers for safety data. It would have prohibited the FDA from considering how a new device could be used if the manufacturer has not included that use in the proposed labeling. As a general matter, the FDA does not consider uses that the manufacturer has not included in its proposed labeling. However, there are instances when the label does not tell the whole story. It is these instances--when the label is false or misleading--that my and Senator Kennedy's amendment addressed.  I was not alone in my concern about this issue. Indeed, this provision was also identified as worthy of a veto threat by the administration. The Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services said on numerous occasions that if this provision were not changed, that she and other top Presidential advisers would recommend that President Clinton veto this bill.  By accepting the House language on this device labeling issue, the conferees have struck a reasonable compromise that will give the FDA the authority it needs to ensure that medical devices are safe and effective. In this case, the legislative process has worked, and worked well. I commend the conference committee for the sensible compromise they reached on this important issue.  The FDA is responsible for assuring that the Nation's food supply is pure and healthy and to provide a guarantee that drugs and devices are safe and effective. The FDA has an immense impact on the lives of all Americans. Indeed, the FDA's mandate requires it to regulate over one-third of our Nation's products. Few Government agencies provide this kind of important protection for the American people. On a daily basis, the FDA faces the delicate balance between ensuring that patients have swift access to new drugs and devices while guaranteeing that those new products are safe and effective.  The bill we are considering today contains many positive elements. It reauthorizes the important Prescription Drug User Fee Act, one of the most effective regulatory reforms ever enacted. The legislation also includes a number of provisions that will improve and streamline the regulation of prescription drugs, biologic products, and medical devices. I believe that these important reforms to the operation of the Food and Drug Administration will increase its efficiency and speed the delivery of important new medical treatments to patients.  One of the most important elements of this legislation is the aforementioned reauthorization of the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, often referred to as PDUFA. PDUFA established an important partnership between the agency and the industry, and has successfully streamlined the drug approval process.  I am pleased that this bill will provide expedited access to investigational therapies. This provision builds on current FDA programs related to AIDS and cancer drugs. Another important element will allow the designation of some drugs as ``fast-track'' medications, thus facilitating development and expediting approval of new treatments of serious or life-threatening conditions. The bill will also require the Secretary of the Department ofHealth and Human Services to establish a data base on the status of clinical trials relating to the treatment, detection, and prevention of serious or life-threatening diseases and conditions. Patients have long needed access to such information, and I am pleased that this bill provides a mechanism to grant it.  I am also pleased that this bill contains my amendment requiring that within 18 months of the date of enactment, the FDA must issue regulations for sunburn prevention and treatment products. In August 1978, the FDA published an advance notice of proposed rulemaking to establish a monograph for over-the-counter sunscreen drug products. To date--almost 20 years later--while progress has been made, this rule has not been made final.  Sunburn prevention and treatment products can go far to help prevent sun exposure related to skin cancer. The facts on skin cancer are compelling: one person an hour dies of malignant melanoma; half of all new cancers are skin cancers; one million Americans will develop skin cancer this year, making it nearly as common as all other types of cancer combined.  The Food and Drug Administration has a key role in our response to this skin cancer epidemic through the regulation of safe and effective sunburn prevention products that are vital to avoiding skin damage from the sun's rays.  Mr. President, I am pleased that this compromise is a bill that I can support. I look forward to working with my colleagues to oversee the implementation of this important legislation and to ensure that its provisions streamline FDA processes while also protecting the public health of the American people.  I compliment Chairman Jeffords, Senator Kennedy, and many other colleagues in both the Senate and the House of Representatives who have worked hard on this bill together to eliminate many other troublesome provisions in the bill as originally introduced.  Mr. President, again, I support the conference report on S. 830, the FDA reform bill. The challenge throughout this process has been to balance a more efficient, streamlined, and productive FDA with their obligation to protect the public health. It has been a difficult task, but we made remarkable progress over the last several months. At the committee level, there was a serious discussion and debate. I could not support that version because at that time there were still outstanding issues which I thought could jeopardize the public health and safety.  When we reached the floor, there was another serious and productive debate about this legislation. Once again, I felt there were issues that had to be further addressed before I could support the measure. Today, happily, through the work of the conferees and colleagues on the floor today, we have reached a point where we have legislation that both provides for a streamlined, productive, and efficient FDA, and continues to give FDA the authority to protect the public health.  With specific regard to the debate on the floor, there was one major issue that I felt was very important, and that was to allow the FDA to have the authority to carefully review medical devices that may be used by the public. The legislation at that time circumscribed significantly the ability of the FDA to look beyond the label, look beyond the listed use by the manufacturer, to contemplate possible other uses that may take place when the product is in the stream of commerce. Fortunately, through the work of the conferees, this situation has been resolved.  Indeed, on the floor I offered an amendment with Senator Kennedy. It did not pass, but I think that effort helped spur a concentrated effort during the conference to develop a legislative formula to give the FDA the power to regulate these devices appropriately.  We have many, many things to be thankful for in this bill. One issue I would like to address, also, which does not rise up, in some respects, to the major reforms, PDUFA or these issues, but it is critically important; that is, the issue of protecting the public with respect to sunscreen products and sunburn products. I am pleased to note that the FDA has been directed to promulgate regulations within 18 months with respect to these products which are sold to the public to protect them from the Sun. This might seem like an innocent product, but, in fact, we are seeing a remarkable growth in incidence of skin cancer throughout the United States. One person an hour dies of malignant melanoma, skin cancer. Half of all the new cancers developing are skin cancer. One million Americans will develop skin cancer this year alone. So we have to begin to focus our attention on those products which are advertised to protect the American public.  Once again, I think this is totally consistent with the role of the FDA. I am pleased that this provision has been included in the legislation.  Let me conclude by saying, again, I believe we have struck the vital balance between an efficient, productive FDA and their obligation, historically and statutorily, to protect the public health. We have done that through the work of Senators Jeffords, Kennedy, and many others. I personally thank them and applaud them for their efforts today.  I would be remiss if I didn't also thank my staff member, Bonnie Hogue, for her help through this entire process. I yield the balance of my time.  